<doc id="36734451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734451" title="Sayf ad-Din Inal">
Sayf ad-Din Inal

Al-Malik al-Ashraf Sayf ad-Din Abu an-Nasr Inal al-'Ala'i az-Zahiri an-Nasiri al-Ajrud (better known as Sayf ad-Din Inal also spelled Saif ad-Din Aynal) (1381 – 26 February 1461) was the 13th Burji Mamluk sultan of Egypt, ruling between 1453–1461.
Early life and career.
Sayf ad-Din Inal was born in Cairo in 1381 to a Circassian merchant father. He was originally bought by trader Ala' ad-Din, who gave him the "nisbah" "al-Ala'i." Ala' ad-Din sold Inal to Sultan az-Zahir Barquq, founder of the Burji dynasty, in 1397, hence his second "nisbah" "az-Zahiri." Inal undertook military training during his service with Barquq.
Following Barquq's death, Sultan an-Nasir Faraj emancipated Inal and enlisted him in his "khassakiyah" ("personal retinue"). Inal thereby acquired the additional "nisbah" "an-Nasiri." He gained the nickname "al-Arjud" because of the scantiness of his beard. In 1421 al-Faraj assigned him the rank of "jamdar" ("master of the robes.") Under the short-lived sultanate of Ahmad ibn Shaykh in 1421 he was made ""emir" of ten ["mamluks"]." He was later promoted to the rank of ""emir" of drums" by Sultan Barsbay in 1422.
Inal continued to rise through the military's ranks, distinguishing himself as a commander, according to historian Moshe Sharon. In 1427 Barsbay promoted Inal to ""emir" of forty." In 1428 he was appointed "na'ib" ("governor" or "viceroy") of Gaza. During his term as "na'ib", Inal was praised for the "justice" of his rule by Bertrandon de la Brocquière who visited the city in 1432. Inal had the minaret of the Kateb al-Welaya Mosque restored on 30 July 1432. Later in 1432, he took part in the Mamluk campaign against the Aq Qoyunlu confederation of Amid (Diyarbakir) alongside Sultan Barsbay.
As a reward for his efforts in the Amid campaign, in 1433, Barsbay promoted Inal to ""emir" of one hundred, commander of one thousand" in Cairo. He was also reassigned as "na'ib" of Ruha (Edessa), a post which he reluctantly accepted, literally refusing the new assignment in the morning then relenting before the end of the day. Towards the end of Barsbay's rule, in 1437, Inal was appointed "na'ib" of Safad.
During the sultanate of Jaqmaq, in 1442, Inal was appointed to the high-ranking post of "dawadar kabir" ("grand executive secretary") and became a member of the ruling council. In 1445 Sultan Jaqmaq made him "atabik al-asakir" ("commander-in-chief of the armies.") On 2 July 1450 Inal, Jaqmaq and Tamam min Abd al-Raziq, the "emir al-majlis" ("Commander of the Council"), were encircled by the "julban" on their way to the citadel. The "julban" demanded the release of ten "mamluks" recently dismissed upon Tanam's orders. Inal managed to appease them, promising the release of the "mamluk" prisoners. Before reaching the citadel they came across Zayn ad-Din Yahya, the "ustadar" ("major-domo") and a leading figure of the "julban", and beat him with their cudgels forcing him to flee. The detained "mamluks" were freed the following day.
Ascension to the sultanate.
Jaqmaq abdicated the sultanate in 1453 in favor of his 18-year old son, al-Mansur Uthman, and died later that year. Under pressure from powerful "mamluks" who refused to recognize Uthman's authority, Inal agreed to lead a revolt against the new sultan. On 12 March his forces besieged the Cairo Citadel, arrested all of the royal "emirs" and officially renounced their loyalty to Uthman, demanding the installation of Inal as sultan. The 15th-century Egyptian historian Ibn Taghribirdi noted that most of the city's residents conducted their business as usual, while some went to Rumayla Square to "enjoy the sight of battle."
Despite having a much larger force, most of Uthman's Zahiri "mamluks" abandoned their support for him by 16 March when the Abbasid caliph al-Qa'im and the top "qadis" ("judges") passed a resolution stripping Uthman of his executive authority. Inal, at age 73, was thereby proclaimed sultan and entered the citadel later that week, capturing Uthman. On 9 April Inal had Uthman imprisoned in Alexandria.
Internal unrest.
Inal's reign was particularly noted by historians for the severe absence of restraint among the roughly 1,000 "mamluks" under his direct authority, known as the "julban" or "ajlab". The "julban" were responsible for mass disturbances throughout the sultanate. While Inal and his close circle of officials were notably less tyrannical and brutal than their predecessors, the transgressions of the "julban" created an environment of fear and insecurity. According to historian Sir William Muir, "for the first time both the rich and the poor had to protect their properties by trench and wall." Because of the frequent raids of markets and shops, many store owners closed their businesses to protect and protest the actions of the "mamluks".
On 15 June 1455 Inal faced a mutiny by roughly 500 of his Circassian "mamluks" after assembling them to launch an expedition against Bedouin tribesmen invading al-Buhayra Province (the Delta region.) Inal had rejected their requests for customary camels as a result of the poor economic conditions of the sultanate. Consequently, the "mamluks" rallied in Cairo's horse market, refusing to participate in the expedition. Being leaderless, the mutineers were organized and directed by the higher ranking "mamluks". They attempted to assassinate Yunus al-Aqba'i, Inal's executive secretary, as he departed from the Cairo Citadel, but his bodyguards warded off the attackers, wounding a few of them. The mutineers were then joined by the recently dismissed Zahiris (the faction which Inal originally hailed from) and subsequently besieged the citadel, demanding higher salaries and the handing over of Yunus. Afterward, Inal sent disciplinary officers to assuage the "mamluks"' concerns, but to no avail. The "mamluks" proceeded to raid Yunus's house, but were unsuccessful and returned to the horse market. There, Inal sent a herald to offer the "mamluks" amnesty and their wounded compensation, but they refused and severely beat the herald. After the "mamluks" blocked the street to the citadel preventing the royal "emirs" from leaving. Inal dispatched four "emirs" to negotiate with the "mamluks", but they were taken hostage until their demands were met.
The mutiny convinced Caliph al-Qa'im to abandon his support for Inal and join the uprising. With the caliph providing symbolic legitimacy to the "mamluks", they took up arms and assaulted the citadel. Finding himself faced with no alternatives, Inal launched an offensive against the mutineers. The Royal Mamluk Guard of the citadel resisted the rebels and eventually dispersed the Zahiris. Inal had al-Qa'im arrested and imprisoned in Alexandria. He was replaced by al-Mustanjid. All "mamluks" with the exception of the royal guard were removed from their positions in citadel and some of the mutineers were either imprisoned or exiled. Despite the insurrection, Inal supplied the "mamluks" with the camels they sought and the expedition to al-Buhayra was carried out.
The young "mamluk" soldiers mutinied again in December 1456 demanding increased pay to which Inal bowed without resistance or punishment. Inal was generally unable to quell the countrywide unrest carried out by the "mamluks". Several of the sultan's "emirs" were assaulted and cities and towns were raided. Worshipers, including women, were harassed at the Mosque of Amr ibn al-As. In one incident the sultan himself was chased and attacked with stones, forcing him to briefly flee into the citadel's "harem".
Foreign policy.
Friendly relations between Burji Egypt and the expanding Ottoman Empire were fostered during Inal's reign. The Ottomans' capture of Constantinople and later conquests of Serbia were well received in Cairo which hosted several festivities celebrating the Byzantine capital's fall to fellow Muslims. In addition to several visits between the gift-carrying ambassadors of the two sultanates, Inal sent his personal congratulations to Mehmet II in a poem and versified dispatch.
In June 1457 Inal sent an expeditionary force to retake Tarsus and Adana from the Karamanids of central Anatolia. After the destructive sieges against the Karamanid cities of Caesarea and Konya, the Karamanids surrendered and dispatched an ambassador to Cairo sign a peace treaty with the sultan in April 1458. Friendly ties between Egypt and the various states of Asia Minor and the border areas of Armenia.
Also in 1458, Inal received James II in the royal palace of Cairo. James was the illegitimate son of King John II and following the latter's death, attempted to wrest his father's throne from his half-sister Charlotte. Inal decorated him with a "robe of honor" and promised to install him as King of Cyprus. However, after Queen Charlotte offered a larger annual tribute to Cairo, Inal relented and issued a firman recognizing the queen's authority over Cyprus. Consequently, the "mamluk" guards protested and attacked the Cypriot embassy in Cairo in protest against Inal's decree. As slave-soldiers they found sympathy with James' cause, not considering him an "illegitimate" heir to his father's throne. As the uprising grew, Inal bowed to "mamluk" pressure and ordered the preparation of a large naval fleet to place James as King of Cyprus.
The naval fleet, which carried 650 "mamluks" from the Royal Guard, was launched on 5 August 1460. The campaign failed to install James as king after Queen Charlotte received military assistance from Pope Paul II and the County of Savoy. Nonetheless, James managed to capture parts of the island kingdom with the "mamluk" force.
Public works.
Sultan Inal was particularly known to be concerned with urban planning in Cairo. In 1957 Inal commissioned the construction of two "hamaams" ("public bathes") and a large "rab" ("communal residence") in the Bayn al-Qasrayn District. While these projects were underway, he decided to widen the Qasaba which had served as Cairo's main thoroughfare. In order to recede the road, he ordered the demolition of several older structures that constricted the flow of traffic. Ibn Taghribirdi commended the project, writing that it greatly benefited the general public.
On a visit to the important Bulaq port along the banks of the Nile River on 28 March 1958, Inal was repulsed at the scene of its crowded and dilapidated buildings and structures. The next day he issued a decree banning construction in Bulaq and the adjacent Arwa Island, due to the narrowness of the roads there. While the royal council voiced opposition to Inal's moves, Ibn Taghribirdi, who asserted that it would ease the public's access to the port and that the rights of some individuals should not infringe on the rights of others.
Succession and death.
A plague spread to Cairo in 1460, killing thousands of its inhabitants, including roughly 1,400 of the royal "mamluks". Inal and his "ajlab" council decided to allocate the fiefs of the landowners who perished to themselves. The "ajlab" amassed huge quantities of fiefs, and largely held on to them until the rise of Sultan Khuskhadam in mid-1461.
Inal was reported to be ill on 3 February 1461. Afterward he summoned Caliph al-Mustanjid and his legal scholars and conveyed to them his will that Ahmad, his eldest son and "emir al-hajj" ("commander of the pilgrimage Mecca"), should succeed him. As a result. Inal abdicated the sultanate, and on 25 February Ahmad was proclaimed sultan, receiving homage in the royal Hall of Audience. On 26 February Inal died at the age of 80 after a reign of seven years and eleven months.
Ahmad ruled for four months before peacefully abdicating on 28 June as a result of pressure from an alliance of powerful "mamluk" factions opposed to his leadership, including the Zahiris, Ashrafis, Nasiris and his own Mu'ayyadis. They were led by the Turkish Khushkadam who became sultan in Ahmad's stead.

</doc>
<doc id="36734475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734475" title="South Lebanon security belt">
South Lebanon security belt

South Lebanon Security Belt was an area near Lebanon's border with Israel. The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) remained there after the South Lebanon Army's (SLA's) retreat during the years 1983–1985. This freed most of the Lebanese territory that were seized during Operation Peace for Galilee, the first Lebanon war, which began in 1982. The IDF withdrew from the security belt to Israel's international border in 2000. Israel's stated purpose for the Security Zone was to create a space that separates the northern border towns and terrorists residing in Lebanon.
During the stay in the security belt, the IDF held many positions and supported the SLA. The SLA took over daily life in the security zone and controlled the prison in Khiam. In addition, United Nations (UN) forces and the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) were deployed to the security belt (from the end of Operation Litani in 1978).
The strip was a few miles wide, and consisted of about 10% of the total territory of Lebanon, which housed about 150,000 people who lived in 67 villages and towns made up of Shiites, Maronites and Druze who most of them live in the town of Hasbaya. In the central zone of the Strip was the Maronite town Marjayoun, which was the capital of the security belt. Residents remaining in the security zone had many contacts with Israel, many of whom have worked there and received various services from Israel.
Historical background.
Although the strip was officially formed in 1985, following the IDF withdrawal from most of South Lebanon, it has its roots in the early Lebanese civil war. From 1968, the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) controlled southern Lebanon. In 1975, the PLO's control became a severe nuisance to Christians and local residents. The Christians asked Israel for its assistance. From mid-1976, Israel began to assist the Christian residents across the border by opening the border, or Good Fence, in Metola, and through military cooperation with the Christian militia, the Free Lebanon Army, which was established under the Christian officer Major Saad Haddad.
1985 until 2000.
During the evacuation in the first Lebanon war, the command of the SLA was delivered into the hands of Antoine Lahad, who demanded and received Israeli permission to hold the Jezzine zone north of the strip. In the first years after the IDF withdrawal from the north part of Lebanon, the strip was relatively quiet. Over the years, the Lebanese resistance, led by Hezbollah, increased on the Israeli side in the security belt. Driving on the roads became dangerous, and IDF forces stayed more in the military camps than on the roads. Hezbollah made many efforts to attack the IDF's military camps. On 16 February 1992, the then-leader of Hezbollah, Abbas Musawi, was assassinated by IDF's helicopter missiles. The IDF assumed that the Hezbollah leadership would curb their activities for fear of their lives and the lives of their families. Hezbollah was headed by Sheikh Nasrallah.
The conflict never escalated into open warfare. Israeli soldiers serving in Southern Lebanon received no ribbon for wartime military service, because Israel considered the maintaining of the security belt as a low-intensity conflict rather than a war. In early 2000, Chief-of-Staff Shaul Mofaz said that 1999 was "the IDF's most successful year in Lebanon" with 11 soldiers killed by hostiles in Southern Lebanon, the lowest casualty rate during the entire conflict. A total number of 256 Israeli soldiers died while occupying the security zone from 1985 to 2000, compared to 301 military personnel killed between 2000 and 2005 in the Palestinian territories and within Israel.
Withdrawal from the security belt.
Before the Israeli election in May 1999 the prime minister of Israel, Ehud Barak, promised that within a year all Israelis forces would withdraw from Lebanon. When negotiation efforts failed between Israel and Syria—the goal of the negotiations was to bring a peace agreement between Israel and Lebanon as well, due to Syrian control of Lebanon until 2005—Barak led the withdrawal of the IDF to the Israeli border on 24 May 2000. No soldiers were killed or wounded during the redeployment to the internationally recognized border.

</doc>
<doc id="36734484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734484" title="James A. Jewell">
James A. Jewell

James A. Jewell (c.1840 - February 3, 1912) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Jewell was born in Verona, New York, c. 1840. He served as a Lieutenant Colonel of the New York Volunteers for the United States Army from 1862 to 1865. He served as Chief of Special Agents in the United States Department of the Treasury in New York City and Boston, Massachusetts from 1885 to 1889 and served as a Special Agent from 1889 to 1890.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 2, 1890, President Harrison nominated Jewell to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 16, 1890 and received his commission the following day. He served on the board until his resignation which occurred approximately between July 15, 1903, and August 12, 1903. He was succeeded on the board by Judge Charles Paul McClelland.
Death.
Jewell died on February 3, 1912 and is buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in New York City, 

</doc>
<doc id="36734486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734486" title="2012 Durand Cup">
2012 Durand Cup

The 2012 Durand Cup was the 125th season of the Durand Cup, the third oldest football tournament in the world, which is a knock-out competition held in India. Churchill Brothers were the current holders, having beaten Prayag United in the 2011 Final.
The tournament was held from 16 August to 1 September with all matches at the Ambedkar Stadium in New Delhi.
Air India won the 2012 Durand Cup in the final after beating Dodsal 3–2 on penalties after the match ended 0–0 after 120 minutes.
Quarter-Finals.
The Quarter-Finals of the Durand Cup shall be played between 12 teams. Five of the teams currently play in 2012–13 I-League, two played in the 2012 I-League 2nd Division and one currently play in the Mumbai Football League. The other four spots would have been taken up by the top three teams from the preliminary round plus one service team. However on 22 August 2012 it was announced that HAL SC would withdraw from the tournament (along with Churchill Brothers S.C. who withdrew before the initial list of teams was released) and thus freeing an extra space. So in order to fill it up the Durand Football Committee decided to qualify the four teams remaining in the preliminary rounds. Therefore Delhi United FC, FC Punjab Police, Assam Rifles FC, and CRPF FC will qualify directly for the Quarter-Finals.
Scorers.
"All goals from tournament proper. Goals from qualifiers are not counted in this list."

</doc>
<doc id="36734504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734504" title="Fulvio Giulio della Corgna">
Fulvio Giulio della Corgna

Fulvio Giulio della Corgna (1517–1583) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Fulvio Giulio della Corgna was born in Perugia on November 19, 1517, the son of Francia della Corgna, a Perugian nobleman, and Jacopa Ciocchi del Monte. His mother was the sister of Pope Julius III and niece of Cardinal Antonio Maria Ciocchi del Monte.
He joined the Knights Hospitaller at an early age, taking the religious name "Giulio" in honor of his family's benefactor, Pope Julius II. He entered the court of his uncle, Cardinal Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte, the future Pope Julius III.
On March 5, 1550, he was elected Bishop of Perugia. He became governor of Norcia and Montan on December 15, 1550.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santa Maria in Via Lata on December 4, 1551.
In 1553, Cosimo de' Medici, Duke of Florence requested that Cardinal della Corgna be named administrator of Spoleto to quell disturbances that had broken out there; as such, on March 22, 1553, he resigned the government of Perugia to become administrator of Spoleto.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV. Pope Paul IV deprived him of the administration of Spoleto in 1555. When the pope learned that Cardinal della Corgna had warned his brother Ascanio della Corgna of the pope's orders to arrest him for illicitly entering into communications with Philip II of Spain, the pope had the cardinal arrested on his way to the consistory of July 27, 1556. He was imprisoned in the Castel Sant'Angelo. Following Spanish victories, the pope was forced to moderate his position and ordered the cardinal released and restored to his cardinalate duties, though the cardinal was still fined 60,000 "scudi".
On September 20, 1557, he opted for the titular church of Santo Stefano Rotondo. He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. In 1560, the new pope made him governor of Città della Pieve. He served as the Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 15, 1561 until January 9, 1562. On May 18, 1562, he opted for the titular church of Sant'Agata dei Goti, a deaconry raised temporarily to the status of "titulus". He was assigned to the Diocese of Perugia for a second time on September 6, 1564. On February 7, 1565, he opted for Sant'Angelo in Pescheria, another deaconry assigned as "titulus", on February 7, 1565.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius IV. On January 30, 1566, he opted for the titular church of San Lorenzo in Lucina, and then, on March 3, 1567, for Sant'Adriano al Foro, another deaconry assigned as "titulus".
He participated in the papal conclave of 1572 that elected Pope Gregory XIII. As the most senior priest residing in the Roman Curia, he opted for the order of cardinal bishops on May 5, 1574, taking the suburbicarian Diocese of Albano. Because of the new decrees of the Council of Trent forbidding pluralism, he resigned the government of Perugia at this time. On December 5, 1580, he opted for the suburbicarian Diocese of Porto-Santa Rufina. During this period, he was Sub-Dean of the College of Cardinals.
He died in Rome on March 2, 1583. He was buried in the Del Monte Chapel in San Pietro in Montorio.

</doc>
<doc id="36734508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734508" title="Cards for Hospitalized Kids">
Cards for Hospitalized Kids

Cards for Hospitalized Kids is an American national charitable organization based in Chicago that was launched in March 2011 by Jen Rubino. The mission of Cards for Hospitalized Kids is to provide hospitalized children with hope, joy and magic through handmade cards. 
People across the country are involved with Cards for Hospitalized Kids and send in cards for them to distribute to hospitals. Cards for Hospitalized Kids has received support from multiple celebrities such as Lauren Conrad, Nastia Liukin and Aly Raisman who send in cards and autographed pictures for Cards for Hospitalized Kids to distribute in hospitals. Individuals and organizations also become involved with Cards for Hospitalized Kids by hosting their own card-making events where they make cards for Cards for Hospitalized Kids to distribute in hospitals. IndyCar racer Graham Rahal, who is involved with Cards for Hospitalized Kids, and his foundation hosted their own card-making event for Cards for Hospitalized Kids in May 2012. Dolphin trainers at Sea World San Diego also hosted their own card-making event for Cards for Hospitalized Kids in December 2011. As a result of this national support, thousands of children at more than 150 hospitals and Ronald McDonald Houses nationwide have received cards from them. Cards are delivered to hospitals monthly. In 2013, Cards for Hospitalized Kids began to receive international support with cards arriving from other countries such as Japan, Australia and Israel. 
Cards for Hospitalized Kids has utilized social media tremendously. They continue to spread the word through their Facebook and Twitter accounts, which has helped them gain support from people around the world. Tweets from MTV Star Lauren Conrad resulted in nearly 500 additional Twitter followers for them. Another way Cards for Hospitalized Kids has spread the word is through the media. Cards for Hospitalized Kids has been featured in many publications such as "International Gymnast Magazine", the "Sun Times", the "TribLocal", "Teen Voices Magazine" and "MTV Act" among others. Founder Jen Rubino has also blogged about Cards for Hospitalized Kids and her own experience in the hospital for the "Huffington Post". They also maintain a website.
Cards for Hospitalized Kids and its founder, Jen Rubino, have received multiple honors and awards for their service. In November 2012, Founder Jen Rubino received the Daily Point of Light Award for her work doing Cards for Hospitalized Kids. The award was created by President George H. W Bush to "honor individuals and groups creating meaningful change in communities across America". To this day, President Bush continues to sign all of the awards. In June of 2013, Founder Jen Rubino was awarded the Prudential Spirit of Community Award from Prudential Financial for her work doing Cards for Hospitalized Kids. The Illinois House of Representatives also recognized Cards for Hospitalized Kids and Founder Jen Rubino in a resolution in which they detailed some of the accomplishments of Cards for Hospitalized Kids and expressed congratulations to Rubino on receiving the Prudential Spirit of Community award. 

</doc>
<doc id="36734513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734513" title="Grace Bowman">
Grace Bowman

Grace Bowman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36734517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734517" title="Colorist (disambiguation)">
Colorist (disambiguation)

A colorist is a comics artist responsible for adding color to black-and-white line art.
Colorist may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36734550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734550" title="Abdusalam Gadisov">
Abdusalam Gadisov

Abdusalam Gadisov (born 26 March 1989 in Dagestan) is a Russian freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Taimuraz Tigiyev in the qualifications, he was eliminated by Reza Yazdani in the 1/8 finals. He destroy in World Freestyle Wrestling Championship 2009 undisputed Olympic clothing from USA Herbet Jacob.

</doc>
<doc id="36734553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734553" title="2012–13 UCI Track Cycling World Cup">
2012–13 UCI Track Cycling World Cup

The 2012–2013 UCI Track Cycling World Cup (also known as the 2012–2013 UCI Track Cycling World Cup, presented by Samsung for sponsorship reasons.) is a multi race tournament over a track cycling. It was the twenty-first series of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup organised by the Union Cycliste Internationale. The series ran from 11 October 2012 to 19 January 2013 and consisted of three rounds in Cali, Glasgow and Aguascalientes.
Series.
The 2012–2013 UCI Track Cycling World Cup consisted of three rounds, in Cali (Colombia), Glasgow (United Kingdom) and Aguascalientes (Mexico).
Cali, Colombia.
The first round of the World Cup was hosted in Cali, the third most populated city in Colombia. Cali has hosted the World Cup on twelve occasions. This round was hosted between 11–13 October 2012 at the Unidad Deportiva Alberto Galindo Velodrome.
Glasgow, United Kingdom.
The second round of the World Cup was hosted in Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland. This round was hosted between 16–18 November 2012 at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome.
The World Cup was the first major competition to be held at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome, which was built for the 2014 Commonwealth Games and officially opened on 5 October 2012. Tickets for the event sold out in under an hour when released to the general public; this followed a pre-sale for British Cycling members which sold out in 24 hours.
Aguascalientes, Mexico.
The third round of the World Cup was hosted in Aguascalientes. This round was hosted between 17–19 January 2013 at the Aguascalientes Bicentenary Velodrome.
Overall Team Standings.
Overall team standings are calculated based on total number of points gained by the team's riders in each event. The top ten teams after the third and final round are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="36734580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734580" title="Rustam Iskandari">
Rustam Iskandari

Rustam Iskandari (born 18 August 1991 in Kulyab) is a Tajikistani freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he was defeated by Valerii Andriitsev in the 1/8 finals and eliminated by Khetag Gazyumov in the repechage round.

</doc>
<doc id="36734594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734594" title="Charles H. Ham">
Charles H. Ham

Charles H. Ham (January 22, 1831 - October 16, 1902) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Ham was born on January 22, 1831, in New Hampshire. He read law and entered private practice in Chicago, Illinois from 1858 to 1866. He served as appraiser of the Port of Chicago from 1871 to 1885. He was an editorial writer for the Chicago Tribune from 1885 to 1890. He served as assistant treasurer of Cook County, Illinois from 1885 to 1890.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 2, 1890, President Harrison nominated Ham to serve as a Member of the newly created Board of General Appraisers. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 16, 1890, and received his commission the same day. He served as President of the Board from 1897 to 1902. He served on the board until his resignation on August 1, 1902. He was succeeded on the board by Judge Byron Sylvester Waite.
Death.
Ham died on October 16, 1902, in Montclair, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36734624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734624" title="Nicolae Ceban">
Nicolae Ceban

Nicolae Ceban (born 30 March 1986 in Ștefan Vodă) is a Moldovan freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Sinivie Boltic in the 1/8 finals, he was eliminated by Giorgi Gogshelidze in the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36734626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734626" title="2013 UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
2013 UCI Track Cycling World Championships

The 2013 UCI Track Cycling World Championships took place in Minsk, Belarus from 20 to 24 February 2013 in the Minsk-Arena. The Championships featured 19 events, the same as 2012.
Great Britain, with five gold medals (four in Olympic events), and nine in total topped the medal table. Australia, Germany, France, the United States and Ireland all enjoyed a successful championships.
Becky James of Great Britain, debuting at this level, won four medals, including two gold, in a single Championships, the first British cyclist to do so. Sarah Hammer of the United States also won two gold medals from two events, as did Stefan Bötticher of Germany and Michael Hepburn of Australia.
Martyn Irvine of Ireland broke a 116 year wait for an Irish track medal with silver in the individual pursuit, only to return an hour later to take Ireland's first ever track gold medal in the Scratch race. Laura Trott suffered her first major senior track defeat, taking silver in the Omnium behind Hammer, but she retained for a third time her Team Pursuit title with Dani King and debutant and World Junior Road Time Trial champion Elinor Barker.

</doc>
<doc id="36734639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734639" title="Giovanni Ricci">
Giovanni Ricci

Giovanni Ricci (1498–1574) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Giovanni Ricci was born in Montepulciano on November 1, 1498, the son of Pietro Antonio Ricci. Disliking his stepmother, Giovanni Ricci traveled to Rome at age 15, seeking the protection of his father's friend Tarugi, a nobleman from Montepulciano, who could not convince the youth to return to Montepulciano. He later entered the court of Cardinal Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte, the future Pope Julius III as assistant to the master of chamber; he became the cardinal's master of chamber upon the death of the old master of chamber. He later entered the service of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese, "iuniore". He was sent on diplomatic missions to the Kingdom of France and the Duchy of Burgundy, which he accomplished successfully.
He then entered the ecclesiastical estate and became a protonotary apostolic "participantium". In 1542, he became a cleric in the Apostolic Camera. He was later to serve as apostolic collector for the Kingdom of Portugal, and nuncio to the Kingdom of France and to Austria.
On June 25, 1544, he was elected Archbishop of Manfredonia. From June 27, 1544 to March 4, 1550, he was nuncio to the Kingdom of Portugal (though he was unable to enter Lisbon until September 1545.) On February 20, 1545, he was transferred to the see of Chiusi, though he was allowed to retain the title of archbishop "ad personam".
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Vitale on December 4, 1551. He resigned the government of Chiusi sometime before November 19, 1554.
He was a participant in the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II; the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV; and the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV.
On November 10, 1561, he became administrator of the see of Montepulciano. He served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 30, 1563 until 1564.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius V. On January 30, 1566, he opted for Sant'Angelo in Pescheria, a deaconry assigned as "titulus", and then, on October 7, 1566, for the titular church of Santa Maria in Trastevere. He was transferred to the metropolitan see of Pisa on September 3, 1567.
On July 3, 1570, he opted for the order of cardinal bishops, taking the suburbicarian see of Albano. He was a participant in the papal conclave of 1572 that elected Pope Gregory XIII. He opted for the suburbicarian see of Sabina on April 8, 1573.
He died in Rome on May 3, 1574. He was buried in San Pietro in Montorio.

</doc>
<doc id="36734641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734641" title="Sori, Kenya">
Sori, Kenya

Sori (Suri) is a small town in Migori County, in the former Nyanza Province of Kenya. The town lies on the banks of Lake Victoria. , its population is 8,964. 
History.
Prior to 1968 Sori was in South Nyanza District. In 1968 Nyanza Province was redistricted and Sori ended up in Homa Bay District. About 1985 Homa Bay District was split into a smaller Homa Bay District and a new Migori District, which included Sori. Sori remained in Migori District when Rongo District was abortively created in 2007.
In 2001 the former Government Rest House in Sori was declared a national monument under the Antiquities and Monuments Act.

</doc>
<doc id="36734646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734646" title="Javier Cortina">
Javier Cortina

Javier Cortina Lacerra (born 12 April 1987 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Khetag Pliev in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36734664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734664" title="Shavparosnebi">
Shavparosnebi

The Shavparosnebi (შავფაროსნები) or Blackshields are a Georgian martial arts federation. They are known for their combat art performances and are actively involved in the revival of traditional Georgian fighting techniques. The Blackshields are named for historical Georgian partisan fighters, who painted their faces and shields black to engage in guerrilla warfare at night. The founders of the Blackshields began researching Georgian martial arts shortly before the collapse of the Soviet Union. Since then, the group and the subject of traditional fighting styles in general have become increasingly popular. Their training involves the use of daggers, swords, and axes, conducted exclusively outdoors and in all weather conditions. Students also engage in activities such as searching, by night, for items hidden in the forest by their instructors. The Blackshields are an all-male organization comprising some 300–400 members, with studios in most major Georgian cities.
They have performed demonstrations at the annual Art Gene folk festival since 2008. In April 2012, the group was invited to perform in Rome for the Natale di Roma festival, and were the first Georgian fighters to be invited to the city since Farsman Qveli in 144 AD.
On 23 August 2012, the Blackshields staged a protest in Batumi. It marked the one-year anniversary of the murder of Giorgi Laliashvili, one of their members. Georgian authorities arrested one man in connection with the murder, but Laliashvili's friends state that five more people had beaten him with brass knuckles before he was stabbed in the heart. The Blackshields organized the protest to demand the "impartial investigation and punishment of other perpetrators".
Georgian martial art federation “Shavparosnebi” aims renovation and systematization of Georgian Martial Arts and different combative methods and traditions and its popularization in society. 
Nowadays Federation of Georgian martial arts “Shavparosnebi” includes three main activities: sport, ethnographical researches and performance groups.
Federation of Georgian Martial Arts "Shavparosnebi"
Doctrine - Wisdom, Truth, Strength 
The Georgian martial art is one of the oldest and the most important part of Georgian culture. As well as Georgian culture, Georgian martial art has its particularities and specifics that differs it from other martial arts all over the world. These specifics are caused from of its individual character, history and other. Georgian martial art contains the doctrine of morals, methods of fighting, methods of healthcare, performances, warriors songs and dances.
Martial species – fencing, boxing, wrestling and fighting species with different arms.
Learning Systems – mountaineers’ upbringing systems, individual systems, royal and noble upbringing systems, etc. 
Physical exercises: recreation measures, breathing activities, physical and psychological exercises.
Methods of treatment: medicines, relaxing massages, medical bathes.
Games : “Lelo”, “Isindi”, “Kabakhi”, “Lakhti” and other.
Martial songs: medical, round dancing and ritual.
Martial dances: round dancing/ ritual dances
The name of federation “Shavparosnebi” (in English the word means Black Shields) has its historical meaning. During the whole history, Georgians fight the enemy that exceeded the Georgian army several thousand times. Because of this, Georgians were fighting as partisan detachments. These groups attacked enemy mostly at night and they colored their shields black to protect it from reflection of moonlight and be invisible for enemy. These groups were called Black Shields and they were known as dangerous warriors with unique martial mastership. 
The idea of Georgian martial arts’ renewal was created in late 20th century. Formation period lasted for several years and at last Union of Georgian Martial Arts was established in 2000. In 2011 organization transformed to Federation of Georgian Martial Arts “SHAPAROSNEBI”
Federation of Georgian Martial Arts aims renewal and popularization of Georgian martial traditions and methods and upbringing of new generation according the martial arts traditions. 
The members of “Shavparosnebi” have been taking part of scientific expeditions for about ten years. They have come around whole country step by step and found unique martial methods and technology. They use this information and create Georgian traditional weapons themselves. They have unique technique of single combat and theatrical martial shows.
“Shavparosnebi” are participating in largest annual folk festival in Georgia “Art-Gene” since its establishment (2004). Also are participating in different folk festivals and events all over the Georgia, such as: “Tbilisoba”, “Kazbegoba”, “Vajaoba”, “Shatiloba”, etc. 
Regional groups of “Shavparosnebi” are opened in different regions of Georgia: Kutaisi, Batumi, Gori, Kazbegi, Rustavi. The groups are performing martial arts in regions and often conduct competitions in traditional kinds of sport and martial actions.
After Georgian-Russian conflict in 2008, “Shavparosnebi” opened group for IDPs (Internally Displaced People) where 30 children were learning Georgian Martial Arts free of charge. 
“Shavparosnebi” organized four charity concerts to help the children and youth with health problems. In future it is planned to organize charity performances more frequently and include the activity as a forth one among the three main directions of federation activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36734684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734684" title="Saleh Emara">
Saleh Emara

Saleh Emara (born 1 June 1982 in Monufia) is an Egyptian freestyle wrestler. He qualified to compete in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but he and fellow Egyptian wrestler Abdou Omar Abdou Ahmed forfeited their only matches after showing up late to their events.

</doc>
<doc id="36734689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734689" title="2012–13 in Indian football">
2012–13 in Indian football

The 2012–13 season is the 134th season of Indian football.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from the I-League:
Teams promoted to the I-League:

</doc>
<doc id="36734709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734709" title="Greg Crump">
Greg Crump

Greg Crump (born ) is an Australian wheelchair tennis coach. He was selected to coach Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the wheelchair tennis.
Wheelchair tennis.
Crump began coaching wheelchair tennis in the late 1980s. One of the first competitors he coached was Daniela Di Toro, who took up the sport when she was thirteen years old at Crump's suggestion. He was the coach of the Australian national team in 2008. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics, he coached Daniela Di Toro. He was the coach of the Australian national team in 2009. He encouraged Australian wheelchair basketball player Melanie Hall to make the switch from that sport to wheelchair tennis following the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He was the coach of the Australian national team in 2010. Players he worked with in 2010 included Henry De Cure, Keegan Oh-Chee, Stephan Rochecouste and Anderson Parker. In August 2010, he ran a wheelchair tennis tennis coaching clinic in Vanuatu. It was the first clinic of its kind to be held in the country. He was the coach for the Australian national team again in 2011. As a coach of the national that year, he coached Keegan Oh-Chee at an event. He coached the national team at a World Cup event played at the University of Pretoria in South Africa in 2011. In 2011, he hosted a clinic at the Broadview Tennis Club in Adelaide, South Australia that was made possible by the ITF wheel-chair Tennis Department. Players from around the region attended the clinic he hosted, including one from Sri Lanka. He was the Australian national team coach in 2012. He supported the creation of the 2012 Australian Wheelchair Tennis Tour. In 2012, he was coaching Luba Josevski, Michael Dobbie, Matthew Ingram He was selected to coach Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the wheelchair tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="36734719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734719" title="San Francisco Board of Supervisors election, 2012">
San Francisco Board of Supervisors election, 2012

The 2012 San Francisco Board of Supervisors elections occurred on November 6, 2012. Six of the eleven seats of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors were contested in this election. One incumbent was termed out of office, four ran for reelection, and one ran for initial election after being appointed to the seat.
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan, though most candidates in San Francisco do receive funding and support from various political parties. The election was held using ranked-choice voting.
Results.
District 1.
This district consists of the Richmond. Incumbent supervisor Eric Mar ran for reelection.
District 3.
District 3 consists of the northeastern corner of San Francisco, including Chinatown, the Financial District, Fisherman's Wharf, Nob Hill, North Beach, and Telegraph Hill. Incumbent supervisor David Chiu ran for reelection.
District 5.
District 5 consists of the Fillmore, Haight-Ashbury, Hayes Valley, Japantown, UCSF, and the Western Addition. Incumbent supervisor Christina Olague ran for her first election after being appointed by Mayor Ed Lee in the wake of Ross Mirkarimi's resignation to be Sheriff of San Francisco.
District 7.
District 7 consists of City College, Forest Hill, Lake Merced, Mount Davidson, Parkmerced, San Francisco State University, St. Francis Wood, and Twin Peaks. Incumbent supervisor Sean Elsbernd was termed out of office.
District 9.
District 9 consists of Bernal Heights, the Inner Mission, and the Portola. Incumbent supervisor David Campos ran for reelection.
District 11.
District 11 consists of Crocker-Amazon, the Excelsior, Ingleside, Oceanview, and the Outer Mission. Incumbent supervisor John Avalos ran for reelection unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="36734732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734732" title="Merrillville High School">
Merrillville High School

Merrillville High School (MHS) is a public high school located in Merrillville, Indiana, USA for students in grades nine through twelve. In the 2008-2009 school year, the school's enrollment was 2,241 students. It is the only high school in the Merrillville Community School Corporation. 
The school is located right off Broadway on East 68th Place. In the 2009-2010 school year, Merrillville High School added a Freshmen Center Wing to the Northeast corner of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="36734771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734771" title="Jean-Paul Adam">
Jean-Paul Adam

Jean-Paul Adam, born 12 June 1977, is the current Minister for Foreign Affairs in the Republic of Seychelles.
Political career.
Initially, Adam started his diplomatic career within the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as a Trainee Protocol Officer (1996-1997) and then as Second Secretary (2001-2004). He later went on to serve as the Director General of Presidential Affairs (2006-2007), Principle Secretary in the Office of the President (2007-2009), and Secretary of State in the Office of the President (2009-2010), before being appointed Minister for Foreign Affairs in June 2010.
Education and Teaching.
Adams received his early educated in Seychelles. He then traveled to the UK, where he obtained a BA (Hons) in English Literature and French at the University of Sheffield. After which, he proceeded to complete his MA in International Political Economy at the University of Manchester.
Between January 2006 to January 2009, Adam taught International Politics as a part time lecturer with the Manchester University and Seychelles Polytechnic Twinning Programme, and, since 2007, has also been a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Seychelles University Foundation.
Personal life.
In addition to his experience as a public servant, on numerous occasions Adam has competed in swimming for Seychelles, often at an international level. In point of fact, he competed in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, the 1994 World Swimming Championships in Rome, the 1998 World swimming Championships in Perth, Australia, and the 2003 World Swimming Championships in Barcelona. He won Bronze at both the 1993 Indian Ocean Game in Seychelles and at the 1999 African Games held in Johannesburg, South Africa. Moreover, in the Indian Ocean Games held in both Reunion and Mauritius in 1998 and 2003 respectively, he also won silver and bronze medals.
Adam is married and has two daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36734773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734773" title="Miner's habit">
Miner's habit

A miner's habit ( or "Bergmannshabit") is the traditional dress of miners in Europe. The actual form varies depending on the region, the actual mining function, and whether it is used for work or for ceremonial occasions.
Elements.
At work, the miner of the Middle Ages in Europe wore the normal costume for his local region – pit trousers ("Grubenhose"), shoes and miner's jacket ("Bergkittel").
Only gradually was the typical miner's uniform created by the addition of unmistakable elements of miner's apparel such as the miner's apron ("Arschleder"), knee pads ("Kniebügel"), miner's cap ("Fahrhaube" or "Fahrkappe", later pit hat ("Schachthut"), the mining tools needed for work in the pit, such as hammers ("Fäustel"), chisels ("Eisen"), wedges, picks ("Keilhauen"), hoes ("Kratze"), shovels, crowbars, pikes ("Brechstangen") or miner's chisels ("Bergeisen"), mallets ("Schlägel") or carpenter's hatchets, the miners' safety lamps (often a "Froschlampe"), and the "Tzscherper" bag (for the miner's knife ("Tzscherpermesser") and lamp accessories like rape oil, flint and tinder).
There were specific accoutrements for the individual trade groups. The mining foreman or "Steiger", for example, carried the "Steigerhäckel", a simple hewer ("Häuer") bore a miner's hatchet ("Grubenbeil"). Able miners ("Doppelhäuer") carried a miner's axe ("Bergbarte" or "Bergparte"), which was simultaneously a tool and a weapon. The smelters ("Hüttenleute") wore the leather apron as a pinafore ("Schürze") in front of them (i.e. "back to front") and carried various implements: the "Firke" or "Furkel", the rake ("Rechen") and the tapping bar ("Stecheisen" or "Abstichlanze").
In 1769 in Saxony, the Marienberg Bergmeister, von Trebra, introduced the wearing of the black mining habit.
The variety of mining habits may still be seen in the mining processions typical of the old mining regions even today.

</doc>
<doc id="36734781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734781" title="California Historical Landmarks in Placer County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Placer County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Placer County, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36734785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734785" title="Opisthorchiata">
Opisthorchiata

Opisthorchiata is a suborder of flatworms in the subclass Digenea.

</doc>
<doc id="36734796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734796" title="Job from the kindred Záh">
Job from the kindred Záh

Job from the kindred Záh () was a Roman Catholic prelate in the Kingdom of Hungary in the 13th century. He was provost of the collegiate chapter of Székesfehérvár and vice-chancellor between 1251 and 1252, and bishop of Pécs from 1252 until his death in 1280 or 1281. He was involved in lasting conflict with the canons of his see, with the archbisops of Esztergom and with other prelates. Bishop Job was a partisan of the "junior king" Stephen V in the latter's conflict with the "senior king" Béla IV. Accordingly, Job reached the zenith of his influence in the period starting with the death of Béla IV, when he also held temporal offices in addition to his bishopric.
Life.
Early life.
Job was born in a distinguished family whose estates were located in the counties Nógrád and Gömör. His parents are unknown, but royal charters refer to his two brothers named Záh and Ladislaus. Job was a popular name in the 13th-century Hungary, thus his early carrier cannot be reconstructed. When the first certain reference was made to him in 1247, he was already provost of the cathedral chapter in Bač, canon at the cathedral chapter of Zagreb and the head of the royal chapel. Job was styled "magister" which suggests that he had studied in an institution of higher education. 
Prebendary to three ecclesiastical posts, quite unusual at that time, Job must have enjoyed a favored position in the royal court. King Béla IV of Hungary promoted Job to the provostship of the royal Székesfehérvár Chapter when the incumbent, Achilles from the kindred Hont-Pázmány was appointed bishop of Pécs in 1251. Vice-chancellorship was linked to his new position, thus Job became the head of the royal administration in the Kingdom of Hungary at the same time.
First years in the bishopric.
When Bishop Achilles died in the first months of 1252, the canons of the cathedral chapter of Pécs elected Job their bishop upon King Béla IV's recommendation. Job soon denied the payment of the allowance of 200 marks of silver which was due to Bartholomew le Gros, a former bishop of Pécs who in his turn submitted an official complaint against Job at the Holy See. Now Job sent two canons of his cathedral to Pope Innocent IV. He applied to the pope for the permission to get a mortgage, referring to the difficult financial position of his diocese. Although the pope permitted a mortgage of 15 Venetian marks of gold, Bishop Job sent back his canons to achieve an increase. Finally he was authorized to get a mortgage of 19 marks of gold in 1253, and at the same time the allowance payable to his predecessor was decreased to 100 marks of silver. Bishop Job needed the significant amount of money for the building of a fortress in Pécs, which began around 1255.
Years of conflicts.
Some members of his cathedral chapter criticized him for mortgaging the properties of the bishopric and turned first to the archbishop of Esztergom, next to the Holy See in 1259. However, Job deprived his opponents from their prebends in the cathedral chapter. According to a royal charter of 1331, Job was also involved into a conflict with the collegiate chapter of Požega where he attempted to fill the vacancies in order to strengthen his influence over the influential ecclesiastic institution of his diocese. Job maintained a close relationship with Cardinal István Báncsa whose relatives and followers one after another received prebends in the chapters of the diocese of Pécs.
His envoys at the council of 1263 of the clerics of the ecclesiastical province of Esztergom declared that the bishops of Pécs were not only entitled to wear the archbispocal vestment of pallium, but were also independent of the see of Esztergom. Thereafter, the archbishops of Esztergom regarded him as being excommunicated for ignoring their authority. Bishop Job was soon involved in a conflict with the Benedictine Somogyvár Abbey as well. Upon his order, the abbot of Somogyvár was arrested and imprisoned. 
Bishop Job joined the party of the "junior king" Stephen V against his father, Béla IV when a civil war broke out in the 1260s. The "junior king" entrusted the defense of the fortress of Ágasvár in Nógrád County to Bishop Job, but he could not keep the fort which fell to the partisans of the "senior king" in 1264. A charter of 1346 reveals that the castle of Pécs was also occupied under Bishop Job, probably by followers of Béla IV.
Last years.
Under Kings Stephen V and Ladislaus IV Bishop Job "became one of the most influential prelates in the realm" (László Koszta). He was appointed "ispán" of Moson County in 1272. Therefore he was responsible for the defense of a section of the western borders against the Austrians. When Austrian troops invaded Hungary in the next year, he expelled his fellow bishop from the castle of Győr and made himself the captain of the fortress. The Austrians, however, besieged and took the fortress. Bishop John tried to offer resistance in a tower but his enemies set fire on it, thus he was obliged to surrender. Bishop John was taken in chains into Austria.
The date of Job's release is unknown, but he was appointed chancellor of the realm in 1277, and "ispán" of Baranya County in 1278. The monarch also awarded Job with significant land grants, thus he became the owner of the villages Perlász, Rozsozsna, Somkút (in modern Pelsőc), Süvéte and the nearby Liponok by the end of his life. The last record of him is from the summer of 1280, and a charter of 1282 refers to his former death. His death gave rise to a 13-year-long "sede vacante" in the diocese of Pécs.

</doc>
<doc id="36734806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734806" title="Opisthorchiida">
Opisthorchiida

Opisthorchiida is an order of flatworms in the subclass Digenea.

</doc>
<doc id="36734825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734825" title="Khareha">
Khareha

Khareha is a small village in Parbat District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of western Nepal. Khareha is located on the cross side of Pokhara Baglung Highway. It is one of the small wards of Shiwalaya Village Development Committee Kushma Parbat.

</doc>
<doc id="36734843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734843" title="Adlogic">
Adlogic

adlogic is a Sydney, Australia-based recruitment software company.
Products.
adlogic's main product is centered around Job Posting. The software is one of the first of its kind to provide the ability to create a job and in a single click post the job advertisement to multiple third job boards visited by job seekers 
adlogic also offers numerous other products, one of which is currently patent pending for the technology developed by the organisation to automatically create a profile of a person and index this in a database to become searchable and filterable, extracted from their resume.

</doc>
<doc id="36734859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734859" title="Near-Death Wish">
Near-Death Wish

"Near-Death Wish" is the tenth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom "Futurama". It originally aired on Comedy Central on August 15, 2012.
The episode was written by Eric Horsted and directed by Lance Kramer.
Plot.
Fry is disappointed when Professor Farnsworth is not there when he receives a prestigious Delivery Boy of the Year award, and wishes he had other relatives he could bond with. The Planet Express crew discovers that Farnsworth's parents have moved to the Near-Death Star, an artificial satellite whose elderly inhabitants are connected to power-generating pods similar to those in "The Matrix". The pods keep the inhabitants' minds entertained in a virtual reality simulation.
Fry, Leela, and Bender find Farnsworth's parents, Ned and Velma (whom Fry nicknames "Shabado" and "Gram-Gram," respectively), and Bender wires them into the simulation, which for them resembles a run-down nursing home. Fry enjoys meeting and bonding with the couple, but when the time comes to return to Earth, he disrupts the equipment and sets off the security alarms. Leela connects Ned and Velma directly to the group's hovercart in order to power it and escape the pursuing robot guards, and the group returns to Earth.
Farnsworth's surprise at seeing his parents quickly turns into resentment over a poor childhood, and he wants nothing to do with them. However, he spies on them as they enjoy several activities with Fry. When Leela and Amy confront Farnsworth, he tells them that when he was growing up, his parents never played with him nor paid attention to his scientific discoveries (one of which involved transplanting a mouse's head onto a frog's body). The family eventually moved to a farm in the countryside, further limiting Farnsworth's ability to study, and he has never forgiven them for it. Distraught, he flees into the countryside and takes shelter at the now-rundown farm.
Once the rest of the group catches up to him, Ned and Velma explain that they moved in order to protect Farnsworth from meeting the same end as their first son. That son's scientific curiosity got him into trouble on several occasions. For his sake, they first moved to the farm; he would suffer night terrors and would only be calmed when his parents read to him from science books. Later, they had to commit him to a mental institution and never saw him again. Ned and Velma claim that they did not want their second child, Floyd, to suffer this fate as well - whereupon Farnsworth realizes that they believe "him" to be Floyd. Hubert J. Farnsworth, the first son, was in fact committed but later released from the institution. Bender tells the group about the earlier arrival of a man named Floyd who claimed to be related to Farnsworth, but Fry tells Bender not to take the attention from Farnsworth. Farnsworth realizes the reason his parents never paid any attention to him was they were exhausted from dealing with his night terrors. He realizes this meant they do love him and always had. He reconciles with his parents.
Ned and Velma ask to be taken back to the Near-Death Star to escape the pain of their physical bodies, and Fry promises to visit. Once they are connected into their pods, Farnsworth re-programs their simulation to present the country farm in its prime and revert them back to a younger age. Plugging himself in, he creates an image of himself as a child so he can play with them as his mouse-headed frog hops by.
Reception.
The A.V. Club gave the episode an A.
It had 1.179 million viewers and a 0.6 rating in the (18-49) demo. This tied Daily Show in the 18-49 demo as the highest rated Comedy Central show for the night.

</doc>
<doc id="36734866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734866" title="Ron Kroon">
Ron Kroon

Ronald "Ron" Kroon (17 September 1942, Amsterdam – 12 July 2001, Huizen) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer who won two bronze medals at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships. He also competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics with the best achievement of 8th place in the 4×100 meters medley relay. Between 1960 and 1964 he was four times national champion and set 12 national records in the 100 m freestyle event. He was the first Dutch athlete to swim 100 meters within 55 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36734894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734894" title="WWTG">
WWTG

WWTG is a Christian radio station licensed to Carpentersville, Illinois, broadcasting on 88.1 MHz FM. The station serves Northwest suburban Chicago, Northern Kane County, and Southern McHenry County. WWTG is an affiliate of LifeTalk Radio and is owned by Cary Grove Adventist Fellowship. 
WWTG's programming includes Christian talk and teaching shows such as Back to Genesis by the Institute for Creation Research, Family Life Today with Dennis Rainey and Bob Lepine, Joni & Friends, and Unshackled!. WWTG also airs a variety of Christian music, as well as children's programs Adventures in Odyssey and Jonathan Park.
LifeTalk Radio is also heard in the Elgin, Illinois area through a translator on 91.7 MHz FM.

</doc>
<doc id="36734959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734959" title="Giovanni Andrea Mercurio">
Giovanni Andrea Mercurio

Giovanni Andrea Mercurio (1518–1561) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Giovanni Andrea Mercurio was born to a poor family in Messina in 1518.
As a young man, he worked for the notary for the Archdiocese of Messina. Following an incident with that notary, he decided to move to Rome. There, he entered the court of Cardinal Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte, the future Pope Julius III, as his "minoribus secretarius".
On February 20, 1545, he was elected Archbishop of Manfredonia. He was transferred to the Archdiocese of Messina on May 30, 1550.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santa Barbara dei Librai on December 4, 1551. He opted for the titular church of San Ciriaco alle Terme Diocleziane on August 18, 1553. 
He was a participant in the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II; the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV; and the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. On January 19, 1560, he opted for the titular church of San Marcello al Corso.
He died in the Apostolic Palace on February 2, 1561. He was buried in San Marcello al Corso.

</doc>
<doc id="36734961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734961" title="Iola's fort">
Iola's fort

Iola, Kansas, was founded in 1859 and soon after a two-story stone building was built on the southwest corner of Jefferson and Madison streets. Davis Parsons, one of the first town settlers, built this building, which was to serve as a rallying point and defense headquarters in the event the town was threatened by Bushwhackers or Indians. The area's Indians proved reasonably peaceful and no Bushwhackers threatened the area. The stone building was not truly fortified until the Civil War began.
The building was transformed into a blockhouse when the War began and the threats of attacks by Confederate guerrillas grew. The entire block on which the fort stood was fortified. A trench lined with an earthen embankment was constructed on the perimeter of the block.
The fort served as a recruiting station and the Army kept troops in Iola through most of the Civil War. These troops used the blockhouse for their barracks. At times up to 400 men were stationed in Iola. While nearby Humboldt, Kansas, was raided twice in fall 1861, Iola was never attacked by Confederates.
After the War's end, the earthworks were leveled to make way for new building lots. The fort itself was used as a hotel for many years. In 1880 the building was demolished to make way for a new building. The outlines of the earthworks were still visible then. In 1907 a new bank building in turn was erected on the fort site and in 1931 a plaque commemorating the old fort was placed on the side of the bank.

</doc>
<doc id="36734965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36734965" title="Cerro del Cubilete">
Cerro del Cubilete

The Cerro del Cubilete (translated as "Dice Cup Hill") is a tall mountain-hill in Silao Municipality in the state of Guanajuato, Mexico. At the top of the hill is the Cristo Rey statue.

</doc>
<doc id="36735004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735004" title="Witch Way">
Witch Way

Witch Way may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36735010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735010" title="Reda Seireg">
Reda Seireg

Reda Seireg (born December 20, 1949 in El Gharbia, Egypt) is a retired Egyptian Major General, a Technical Consultant for the Ministry of Irrigation, Reviewer in the ACM/IEEE transaction and a Computer Science Professor at King Khalid University. He has taught in several universities in Egypt, USA & Saudi Arabia. Prof. R. Seireg has supervised over 25 Masters and PhDs in the Universities of Cairo, Ain Shams, Port Said, Tanta and MTC. Also he has proposed over 1500 graduation projects and 200 research topics for Msc and PhD thesis in various computer engineering fields. Prof. R. Seireg published more than 100 papers in the fields of Fault Tolerant, Computer Architecture, Digital Design, Signal Processing, Radar Science, Real-time simulation, Virtual Reality and Agricultural Development.
R. Seireg participated in the construction of several research and e-learning centers in Egypt and Saudi Arabia
. He also participated in the construction of the cyber-crime counterfeiting center of Egypt's Interior ministry and has contributed to the arrest of several cyber-criminals.

</doc>
<doc id="36735037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735037" title="Siege of Cuautla">
Siege of Cuautla

The Siege of Cuatla was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred from 9 February through 2 May 1812 at Cuautla, Morelos. The Spanish royalist forces loyal to the Spanish, commanded by Félix María Calleja, besieged the town of Cuatla and its Mexican rebel defenders fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire. The rebels were commanded by José María Morelos y Pavón, Hermenegildo Galeana, and Mariano Matamoros. The battle results are disputed, but it is generally agreed that the battle resulted more favorably for the Spanish whose siege was ultimately successful with the Mexican withdrawal on 2 May 1812.
The siege had many consequences to the political, military and social environment in the contemporary Viceroyalty of New Spain which was ruled since 1810 by Francisco Xavier Venegas. Calleja was turned from military commander of all central Mexico to the military commander of Mexico City after fears began of an insurgent attack on the capital. Morelos would continue gaining strength, reinforcing his army and taking new cities throughout the south of the country such as Oaxaca and Córdoba. A further consequence came with the rise to the throne of Ferdinand VII of Spain, when Venegas was relieved of his command as viceroy in February 1813.
Context.
On 16 September 1810, Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla rose in rebellion, rallying the town of Dolores to fight for independence from the Spanish crown. This series of events triggered the Mexican War of Independence and various cities began to fall to the rebel cause. On 28 September of the same year, the rebel forces took over Guanajuato, on 17 October and 25 respectively, the rebels captured Valladolid and Toluca. On 30 October, they routed a loyalist army at the Battle of Monte de las Cruces, and two days later they were at the gates of Mexico City where they were eventually pushed back to the area around Bajío. Loyalist soldiers under the command of Félix María Calleja defeated Hidalgo's army for the first time at the Battle of Aculco, splitting the insurgents into different groups. Hidalgo's army marched towards Valladolid where various atrocities were committed against the local Spanish population. On 19 November, Hidalgo arrived at Guadalajara, which had been re-taken the same day as the Battle of Aculco by Spanish forces under José Antonio Torres, where he again took control of the city and massacred the Spanish inhabitants. On 26 November, Calleja took Guanajuato back from the rebels, forcing the rebel forces under Ignacio José de Allende y Unzaga and Juan Aldama to retire to Guadalajuara where they again conducted purges of the Spanish population. By January 17, 1811, Calleja had once again defeated rebel forces at the Battle of the Puente de Calderón, after which rebel forces fled to Coahuila. On 21 March, Ignacio Elizondo, captured many of these fleeing rebels at Las Norias de Acatita de Baján. After being tried, Allende, Aldama and José Mariano Jiménez, alongside other noteworthy rebel leaders were executed on 26 June at Chihuahua. For his part, Hidalgo himself was caught and executed on 30 July.
Prior to his capture and subsequent execution, Hidalgo had confirmed José María Morelos as the commander of all rebel forces in the south of Mexico. By November 1810, Morelos had conquered most of the territory of the Guerrero. It was there that his issued the Bando del Aguacatillo, the first edict in the history of Mexico dictating individual rights. In February 1811, Morelos failed to take the city of Acapulco. He then began a campaign throughout the center of the country, taking Izúcar in December whilst Hermenegildo Galeana took Taxco. Marching through the mountains surrounding Puebla, Morelos reached Cuautla In January 1812.
Maneuvers.
The viceroy of New Spain, Francisco Xavier Venegas, in an effort to avert an assault on Mexico City, sent Calleja at the head of 5,000 soldiers to hold Morelos and his forces in the area around Cuautla. Calleja fortified the area around Pasulco as he scrutinized the area around Cuatla for potential avenues of attack. Morelos, Galeana, Nicolás Bravo, and the larger insurgent army arrived to garrison the city on 31 January 1812. One Spanish farmer named Mateo Musitu attempted to attack the rebels with a cannon named "el Matamorelos" (the Morelos killer), but he was defeated by Galeana. After entering the city, Morelos promptly executed 50 royalist soldiers and gave a speech that sought to gain sympathy amongst the people with the goal of gaining supporters in his efforts to achieve a breakthrough to the capital of the viceroyalty.
Leonardo Bravo began an extensive trench fortification network around Cuatla and ordered that loopholes be made in the convent and many of the principal buildings. Whilst Bravo was fortifying the town, Morelos went about procuring food and equipment for his troops. At this time, the rebel forces numbered around 2,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry who were commanded directly by Francisco Ayala and Colonel Cano respectively. The rebels had 16 pieces of artillery, amongst them was "el Niño" which was property of the Galeana brothers and was used in some of the festivals thrown at Cuautla. On the morning of 10 February, the rebels learned of Calleja's arrival to Cuautla, causing Galeana to leave the fort and to fortify the town and the Convent of San Diego. Leonardo Bravo commanded the forces from Santo Domingo and Mariano Matamoros together with Victor Bravo took command over the trenches south of the town. Morelos dedicated himself to the inspection of his troops, the transportation of provisions and the watch over the northern part of the city.
On 18 February, Calleja began his first attack on Cuatla with around 5,000 troops. A few days later, 7,000 reinforcement loyalists troops arrived under the command of Ciriaco del Llano and José Gabriel de Armijo from Asturias, Guanajuato, Lovera, San Luis Potosí, Zamora and Tulancingo. Calleja attacked the Loma de San Diego with about 500 soldiers with the goal of creating an observation post overlooking the city. Morelos observed this from the loma of Cuautlixco, half a league away from Cuatla and made an attempt to stop the Spanish attack. Matamoros and Bravo tried to dissuade Morelos, but the general won the argument by stating that his purpose was to merely test the enemy. Calleja observed the insurgent movements and prepared two cannons to repel their attack. These cannons were destroyed by the forces of Morelos, but Calleja's observation force was able to completely rout Morelos' force who retreated to Cuatla, a great many of the rebels being taken prisoner or killed. Upon hearing this news, Galeana, together with 50 insurgent soldiers launched his own battle to rescue Morelos' beleaguered soldiers. Morelos himself was almost taken prisoner, but one of Galeana's soldiers saved him and brought him back to Cuatla.
At around 7:00 am on 19 February, four columns of royalist soldiers left the camp of Calvario marching in the direction of the Convent of San Diego. Two of the columns dispersed, one to the left and the other to the right to form a pincer attack on the rebel position with the other two columns attacking from the front. Each column marched with one artillery piece. The columns marched with the regiments placed on the flanks and in the center, Calleja rode to battle leading his troops from a chariot. Morelos, realizing that an attack was imminent, gave the order that the rebels were not to fire upon the Spanish troops until they had reached the outskirts of the city. He placed Galeana at the vanguard of his defensive forces.
The Battle.
When the realist army advanced to a position north of Calle Real, almost reaching the Plaza of San Diego, the rebels opened fire and the battle began. Hermenegildo Galeana launched his forces at the royalist attackers. A Spanish Colonel named Sagarra, upon seeing Galeana and recognizing him as one of the rebel leaders, offered single combat. Sagarra fired his pistol at Galeana, missing his target. Galeana returned fire and killed Sagarra in one shot. Galeana ordered his nephew Pablo Galeana to continue to hold the royalist forces. After some time, the insurgent position was gradually weakened and the following cry was heard: "todo se ha perdido, han derrotado al general Galeana" (English: "all is lost, they have routed General Galeana").
The rebel solduers under the command of Captain Larios, fled to the city plaza. A troop of royalist dragoons were at one point in a position to take the city center when a 12 year old boy named Narciso Mendoza fired a cannon into them, dispersing them. After this period of fighting, Morelos visited each individual house that had been attacked giving money and supplies to the affected parties. It was here that Morelos realized that if he was able to decisively win this battle, it would mean that he would be free to march on Mexico City.
After the failed initial attack on Cuatla, Calleja wrote to Viceroy Venegas confirming that Cuatla was defended by around 12,000 insurgents and that it was impossible to take the city with his current force and would instead opt to besiege the city. That night, he gathered a war council to discuss their options. The next day, Calleja contacted the Ministry of War with their decision, they would impose a siege on the city for a period of six to eight days. They further solicited reinforcements be sent so that they could effectively seal the city off (a distance of about a league).
On 22 February, a message was intercepted by the rebels which detailed the size of Calleja's force and the plans to besiege the city. After seeing this letter, Morelos decided to break out of the city but was held up by Galeana who suspected that the letter was a trick laid out by Calleja. After a meeting of the rebel leaders, they decided to remain in the city.
On 23 February, Ciriaco del Llano entered Izúcar and managed to advance all the way to the Cerro del Calvario. From here, he mounted a series of cannon bombardments for a period of two hours directed at Cuatla. After this he sent two columns of cavalry under the command of Colonel José Antonio Andrade. The attack was repulsed by a priest, Father Sánchez and by Vicente Guerrero. The following day, the royalists attempted a new attack that was likewise repulsed. After this attack, the royalists retreated to Izúcar where they pillaged and burned the neighborhoods of Santiago and El Calvario. Thereafter they commenced a new bombardment of the city center.
The same day, Llano received an order from Venegas telling him to join forces with Callega at the royalist camp outside of Cuatla. After leaving behind a sizable portion of his munitions and taking a path around the Popocatépetl Volcano, Llano entered the Tierra Caliente on 28 February. Morelos decided to delay the arrival of these reinforcements and sent a sizable force under José Antonio Galeana to occupy the Barranca de Tlayacac with orders to ambush Llano's army. These orders were changed at the last minute and the surprise force was placed under the command of Manuel de Ordiera. The operation became known to Calleja who decided to send a counterattack force under the command of Captain Anastasio Bustamante. Bustamante was able to surprise the rebel ambush force and routed them, allowing for Llano's forces (2,000 soldiers) to pass unscathed to Calleja's camp on the morning of 1 March.
Once Calleja's forces were gathered, he began his encirclement of Cuatla. The headquarters for the siege was located at the Buenavista Hacienda. The battalions from Asturias and Lovera guarded the city from the barranco de "Agua Hedionda", named as such due to its abundance of sulfuric waters. The Spanish built a bridge that stretched two leagues through this area to head off any line of escape from the city.
Morelos fortified the hacienda Buenavista and the area known as "El Platanar", which was surrounded by Llano's forces. Between 1 March and 9 March, Galeana was tasked with the defense of this area. On 10 March, he was finally able to scupper the royalist forces at Zacatepec. That same day, a new bombardment of the city began and Llano was in a position to enter the city. Nicolás Bravo however was able to detain his forces and Matamoros made his escape from the city. On 13 March, Calleja wrote the following letter to the viceroy:
After many months of resistance, Matamoros was able to escape from Cuatla towards Toluca where López Rayón was waiting with a variety of supplies needed to sustain the rebel defense. The rebel force was ambushed by Spanish forces and although Matamoros escaped without capture, they were unable to obtain any of the supplies for their beleaguered comrades.
Calleja attempted various other assaults on the fortified city but was altogether unsuccessful. At the end of April, the situation became unsustainable and the royalist leadership asked Calleja not try to assault Cuatla again. At midday on 2 May, Calleja wrote the viceroy with his intentions to abandon the siege. That night, the insurgents decided to abandon the city. Being as the rebels were affected with a high level of disease (over half), Morelos and Galeana sent an emissary to the Spanish camp who returned with news that many of the Spaniards were sleeping and others were busy guarding the supplies. They decided to abandon the city and in less than four hours, the entire rebel army had left. Both sides inevitably claimed victory in this battle although shortly after their abandonment of the city, Morelos' army was completely routed and broken as a fighting force by the Spanish.
Consequences.
The insurgents abandoned the city and on the morning of 2 May, Calleja gathered his forces and occupied the city.
Calleja was recalled to the capital for an interview with Venegas who offered him a temporary return to Spain to fight in the Peninsula War. Calleja refused the offer and instead decided to return to Cuernavaca which he left in December of the same year to take command of Spanish forces in Mexico City. In March 1813, Venegas was retired as Viceroy of New Spain by members of the provisional council of government in Seville. In his place, Calleja was named as the new Viceroy. From this post, Calleja directed the forces to defeat Morelos and was relieved by Ferdinand VII of Spain in 1816.
Morelos and his fellow leaders were hunted down by the royalists. The rebel movement was forced to flee to the south of the country where they attempted to take the city of Acapulco de Juárez, the main port connecting New Spain to the Philippines and other Spanish possessions in Asia. Leonardo Bravo was captured at the hacienda of the Terrateniente, Gabriel de Yermo and was presented to Calleja who authorised his transfer to Mexico City for trial and execution. Morelos, in an attempt to free his fellow rebel, offered a deal that would liberate all Spanish prisoners from the Siege of Cuatla (more than 200) in exchange for Bravo. Bravo was executed on 13 September at the Paseo de Bucareli with a garrote and Morelos ordered the execution all 200 Spanish prisoners from Cuatla by Leonardo's son, Nicolás Bravo. The younger Bravo decided instead to liberate the prisoners, giving rise to his nickname, the ""Caudillo Magnánimo"".
Valerio Trujano was around this time besieged by royalist forces at Huajuapan. When Morelos was informed of this development, he marched all the way to Oaxaca to relieve Trujano. When he arrived on 25 October, Trujano had already resisted for over 100 days. with Morales' help, the rebels were able to rout the royalist forces. On 27 October, the rebels gave chase to the retreating royalist forces. Trujano was killed in this series of conflicts as the royalists were relieved by a secondary force of Spanish soldiers. Morelos gathered Trujano's forces and marched on Antequera de Oaxaca. On 25 November, he was able to occupy the city, finalizing the campaign of 1812.

</doc>
<doc id="36735066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735066" title="Sage (photographer)">
Sage (photographer)

Sage, born in Porthcawl in Wales in 1963, is a photographer who has been shooting celebrities, corporate moguls and International personalities for over 25 years. His photographic career spans several continents including the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia.
Sage completed his training as a documentary photographer at the University of Wales in the UK, studying with Magnum photographer David Hurn. Sage's first photographed Welsh miners and their families during the UK miners' strike during the late 1980s. More recently, Sage completed a series of photographs featuring miners in Western Australia.
Sage commenced his career working on a variety of newspapers in the United States. His work includes photo journalism, documentary, and of course portraiture. His work has been featured in many publications both here and overseas including, Vogue, GQ, Australian Geo and The Australian Financial Review.
Immigrating to Australia in 1989, Sage was the first photographer on the Sydney Morning Herald to have his work published using his name professional name "Sage", and not a first and last name. He was also one of the first photographers who began desaturating colour in his work in Australia.
In 2000 Sage has his own retrospective at the acclaimed Lens Gallery in Sydney. The show, "Celebrity or Not," featured over sixty of his portraits and was opened by Andrew Sayers, former Director of The National Portrait Gallery. Soon after, Sage was asked to be part of "Glossy", a group show of local and international celebrity photographers at The National Portrait Gallery in Canberra Australia. Here Sage's work was featured for the techniques he used, including lith prints, selenium, poly and gold tone prints.
Several of Sages's photographs, including Nora Heysen, Lewis Morley, Cate Blanchett, and Bernie McGann are kept in The National Portrait Gallery in Canberra
Spike Milligan, Lee Kwaun Yew, Cate Blanchett, Ian Thorpe, Roman Polanski, and Elvis Costello are only a few of the many people Sage has previously shot, and his extensive portfolio can be viewed on request. His corporate clients include Telstra, The Wallabies, Westpac, Newmont Asia Pac and many other top editorial clients throughout the world over the span of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="36735084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735084" title="Tearaway (video game)">
Tearaway (video game)

Tearaway is a platform video game developed by "LittleBigPlanet" developers Media Molecule for the PlayStation Vita. It was announced at GamesCom on 15 August 2012 and released on 20 November 2013 in Australia, on 22 November in Europe, North America and India, and 5 December 2013 in Japan. The game is inspired by papercraft and Rex Crowle's drawings and doodles left around Media Molecule's office.
Plot.
"Tearaway" is about a messenger on a mission to deliver a unique message to the player, referred to by characters in-game as "the You". At the beginning of the game players can choose whether to play as the male character, Iota, or the female, Atoi, and navigate through a world constructed from paper to deliver the message. The player uses of many of the Vita's features to guide Iota or Atoi, and must battle with scraps, small enemies that try to prevent the delivery. 
Gameplay.
"Tearaway" is a third-person platform game which utilises almost all of the PlayStation Vita's features in some way. In one example demonstrated in the game's announce trailer, the player encounters an elk who needs a new skin. The player is able to take a picture using the PS Vita's camera and have it applied to the papercraft animal. In a gameplay demo at Gamescom, Media Molecule demonstrated how the player is also able to use the PS Vita's rear touch panel to effectively push their fingers up through the ground to interact with enemies and the environment. The player is also capable of customizing Iota or Atoi by drawing designs on virtual paper, cutting them out, and applying them to their character. In another part of the demo, the player draws on the touchscreen with their finger to cut-out a paper crown for a character in the game. The player can also use an in-game camera to collect various papercraft designs, and can assist NPCs in exchange for confetti, the game's currency.
Reception.
"Tearaway" was well received by critics, who praised its art style, creativity and inventive use of the PlayStation Vita's numerous inputs and sensors. The Sixth Axis said, "The PS Vita's various input devices are put to quite fantastic use throughout," and gave the game 9/10. Scoring the game 9.3/10, IGN's Daniel Krupa described "Tearaway" as "a simple story, told in a wonderful way", and called it "the best game I've played on the PlayStation Vita". Grant E. Gaines of Hardcore Gamer was slightly less positive, giving the game a 3.5/5 and praising it for its unique gamely mechanics and beautiful art style but criticizing its length. GameZone's Joe Donato gave it a 9.5/10, stating "The game is so intrinsically designed with the Vita platform in mind that it's such a success ... if you have a Vita you need to play it."
In Japan, "Famitsu" gave the game a review score of 36/40.
Tearaway won "Edge"s 2013 award for best visual design in a game. The game received eight nominations in the categories of "Best Game", "Best British Game", "Best Family Game", "Best Mobile & Handheld Game", "Best Original Music", "Artistic Achievement", "Game Design" and "Game Innovation" for the 2014 BAFTA Video Games Awards; of these nominations, "Tearaway" won the awards for Best Mobile & Handheld Game Best Artistic Achievement, and best Family game.

</doc>
<doc id="36735091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735091" title="Alexander Boichuk">
Alexander Boichuk

Alexander Andreevych Boichuk () (born June 30, 1950, Kirovograd, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian mathematician, doctor of physical and mathematical sciences, professor, corresponding member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine (since 2012), head of the laboratory boundary-value problems of differential equations of the Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, was awarded the State Prize of Ukraine in Science and Technology and Mitropolskiy Prize (2013).
Professor A. Boichuk is an expert on the theory of the boundary value problems with the normally solvable operators in the linear part. For the first time defined the conditions for the solvability and spent the classification of the resonant cases a wide class of nonlinear boundary value problems for systems of ordinary differential and difference equations, delay equations, equations with impulsive and singularly perturbed equations for which the proposed use of the apparatus of generalized inverse operators .
A. Boichuk is the author of over 110 scientific papers including three monographs. Under his guidance prepared 11 candidates of sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="36735094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735094" title="Giacomo Puteo">
Giacomo Puteo

Giacomo Puteo (1495–1563) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Giacomo Puteo was born in Majorca on February 13, 1495, the son of noble Antoni del Pozzo (from Nice, native of Alessandria, Piedmont) and Praxedis Berard i Caulelles. He was educated at the University of Bologna, becoming a doctor of both laws.
After university, he went to Rome and became auditor of Cardinal Pietro Accolti. During the pontificate of Pope Paul III, he became an auditor of the Roman Rota, a post he held for fifteen years, ultimately becoming Dean of the Roman Rota.
On April 18, 1550, he was elected Archbishop of Bari. He never visited his archdiocese.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Simeon in Posterula on December 4, 1551. 
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV. On May 29, 1555, he opted for the titular church of Santa Maria in Via Lata. During the pontificate of Pope Paul IV, he was Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura; a member of the Supreme Sacred Congregation of the Holy Office; and was cardinal protector of both the Kingdom of Poland and the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. Together with Cardinal Giovanni Battista Cicala, he was charged with examining abolishing the alienation of ecclesiastical patrimony done against the constitution of Pope Paul II.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. He participated in the planning of the Council of Trent and was an active proponent of the Counter-Reformation. In 1561, he was named a papal legate to the Council of Trent, though his health did not permit him to attend the council. On December 16, 1562, he resigned the government of Bari in favor of his nephew Antonio del Pozzo.
He died in Rome on April 26, 1563. He was buried in Santa Maria sopra Minerva.

</doc>
<doc id="36735099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735099" title="M. oregonensis">
M. oregonensis

M. oregonensis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36735107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735107" title="C. P. Gurnani">
C. P. Gurnani

CP Gurnani is the CEO of Mahindra Satyam and the Managing Director of Tech Mahindra. Prior to Tech Mahindra's acquisition of Satyam, he headed Tech Mahindra’s Global Operations, Sales and Marketing functions, and led the development of Tech Mahindra’s Competency & Solution units. Gurnani serves on the Board of Directors of CanvasM Technologies Limited, CanvasM (Americas), Mahindra Logisoft, Servista and the Tennenbaum Institute at the Georgia Institute of Technology. In 2007, he was nominated for the Entrepreneur of the Year Award bestowed by Ernst & Young.
Early life and Education.
CP was born in Neemuch, a small town in Madhya Pradesh and spent his early life in Chittorgarh, Kota, and Jaipur in Rajasthan. He has a degree in chemical engineering from the National Institute of Technology, Rourkela.
Family.
Lives in Noida with his wife Anita and they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="36735122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735122" title="Japanese white-eye in Hawaii">
Japanese white-eye in Hawaii

Along with a number of other organisms, the Japanese white-eye ("Zosterops japonicus") has become an invasive species in Hawaii. Its native range includes much of east Asia, including Japan, China, Vietnam, Taiwan, and the Philippines.
Introduced to Hawaii in 1929 as a means of insect control, it has since become a common bird on the Hawaiian islands, and has become a vector for avian parasites that are now known to adversely affect populations of native birds such as Hawaiian honeycreepers, as well as spreading invasive plant species through discarded seeds.
Effects on native Hawaiian birds.
The Japanese white-eye's successful invasion of the Hawaiian Islands can be partially attributed to the lack of coevolution between endemic species and the white-eye. The occurrence of coevolution is driven by species interactions that directly impact physical development. In many cases coevolution is derived from competition in which both species vie for an edge or advantage to maximize their dietary or "resource" acquirement. Because the white-eye did not coevolve with avian species native to Hawaii, the white-eye has certain advantageous characteristics, such as the resistance to avian malaria, that the native species do not possess. The native species never had a chance to change in response to evolutionary changes in the white-eye.
White-eye range expansion has also been cited as a negative effect on native bird species. White-eye expansion is arguably characteristic of what E.O Wilson called a "Taxon Cycle". The cycle attempts to model the interactions between endemic species and newly immigrated non-native populations through the use of "Stages" –each with defined characteristics with respect to overall population behavior. A newly immigrated species (Stage 1) is expected to experience rapid growth through the new habitat largely due to the lack of effective endemic (Stage 3) persistence – the ability of the community to repel outside forces that may cause changes in its species composition. This prediction matches much of the current data indicating the white-eye has become highly common on most, if not all, of the Hawaiian Islands. The force of natural selection has promoted the dietary or "resource" specialization of many of the later stage endemic species – a prime example being the honeycreeper. This particular species has become especially affected by the white-eye presence due to honeycreeper dependence on nectar as a primary resource. In contrast, the white-eye maintains a highly diverse selection of dietary options (including nectar) and is able to take full advantage of numerous habitats on the islands. The differences in resource limitations between the two species has resulted in the drastic decline of the honeycreeper population, as they are outcompeted by the invasive white-eye. This occurrence is best explained by the competitive exclusion principle, which dictates that two complete competitors cannot co-exist.
Increases in the Japanese white-eye population in Hawaii have negative effects on the growth and survival of native birds in the community. In one study, the bill length, tarsus length, and mass of native Hawaiian passerine birds were measured during 1987-2006 using the technique of mark and recapture. In 2000, juveniles of every native species showed lower mass and shorter bills than before. These changes led to decreased survival of both juveniles and second year individuals/older adults. These birds also showed shorter tarsi, the group of bones in the hind feet of some vertebrates, although this change was less drastic than that seen with the bills. Birds with original bill lengths closest to that of the white-eye suffered the most, undergoing changes that lowered their foraging efficiency. For example, the endangered Hawaiian akepa was viable during 1987-1999, but not during 2000-2006, in association with an abrupt increase in white-eyes. These facts document strong community-wide exploitative competition for food between the Japanese white-eye and passerine birds native to Hawaii, meaning the white-eye depletes the availability of food for other bird species. They also compete for space; the white-eye has expanded its range into remote areas within the two decades 1980-2000. The distribution of the Japanese white-eye has been shown to negatively correlate with the distributions of native birds, meaning as the white-eye becomes more highly distributed, native birds become less distributed. Many Hawaiian birds are endangered or already extinct; this occurrence is believed to be related to the invasion of the white-eye.
Effects on Hawaiian plants.
Because many of the Hawaiian birds that have gone extinct acted as pollinators, there is a concern about the survival of certain plant species, such as the Hawaiian Lobelioideae. The Japanese white-eye has been pinned as a possible replacement pollinator. Lobelioids that were pollinated by native birds that are now extinct may benefit from the presence of the white-eye, but more detailed studies are needed to determine the degree of pollen transfer affected by white-eyes. Also, this replacement could lead to differing levels of outcrossing compared to those resulting from visits by the native species of birds. Outcrossing is the introduction of unrelated genetic material into a breeding line. Therefore, white-eye pollination may prove to be beneficial, as outcrossing increases genetic diversity, thus reducing the probability of all individuals being subject to disease; increasing genetic diversity also reduces genetic abnormalities. Again, a more detailed study is needed to determine the potential benefits of white-eye pollination.
A similar trend to that of Hawaii's was seen when the bird was introduced to the Bonin Islands of Japan; while native to the country, the white-eye was not originally present on these islands. As in Hawaii, the study conducted in the Bonin Islands suggests the Japanese white-eye may be taking over the actions of native birds in relation to plants present on the islands. Unlike Hawaii (in which this action was pollination), the action taken over by the white-eye in the Bonin Islands is seed dispersal; this dispersal was previously carried out by native birds – whether still present or already extinct. The white-eye has not been cited as taking over seed dispersal in Hawaii because they rarely ingest the seeds of Hawaiian plants, such as the firetree. For this reason, they cannot disperse the seeds over great distances, making them poor seed dispersers. While the actions of the white-eye on the Hawaiian and Bonin Islands are indeed different, they are both significant, because islands themselves are particularly vulnerable to the drastic effects of introduced competitors, predators, and diseases when these communities have evolved in their absence.

</doc>
<doc id="36735124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735124" title="Milan Hoek">
Milan Hoek

Milan Hoek (born 8 September 1991) is a footballer who plays as a defender for AZ in the Eredivisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36735148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735148" title="John Kuc">
John Kuc

John Kuc is a former world champion powerlifter from the United States. During the 1970s and 80s, he set numerous powerlifting national and world records, won three International Powerlifting Federation (IPF) world championships and numerous national championships.
Although Jon Cole squatted 905 pounds and totaled 2370 pounds (later weighed out at 2364) a bit earlier in a AAU local meet in Phoenix, Arizona on October 28, 1972, Jon Kuc became known as the first man to squat over 900 and total 2300 pounds in a major international competition with a more strict judging at the AAU World Powerlifting Championships on November 11, 1972 by squatting 905 pounds and totaling an impressive 2350 pounds (905-600-845) (raw with just ace bandages), which is still one of the highest raw totals ever achieved until today.
Personal Records.
"done in official Powerlifting full meets"
Career aggregate total (best official lifts): 2375.8 lbs (905 + 600 + 870.8)

</doc>
<doc id="36735205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735205" title="Eno Onthara">
Eno Onthara

Eno Onthara is a 2010 Kannada film directed by "Mussanje" Mahesh and produced by M. Chandrashekar under the "Udayachandra Productions" banner. The film stars Golden Star Ganesh, Priyamani and Sharan in pivotal roles. The soundtrack was composed by V. Harikrishna. The film is a remake of the Tamil "Kushi" that starred Vijay and Jyothika.
Eno Onthara opened to mixed and negative reviews from critics who termed the film to be "Too faithful to the original..and outdated" given that the original version was released ten years before 
Plot.
Surya (Ganesh) is a student in a college in Mysore. He develops a close relationship with his classmate Madhumathi (Priyamani) after seeing her confident nature. But their ego-centric nature makes them stay apart always. Once both struggle to unite their friends Shanthi and Prasad, who are in love. What happens to their own love story will form the climax of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="36735207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735207" title="Revel Films">
Revel Films

Revel Films Pvt. Ltd. is an entertainment-based film production company. It was founded in 2009 by Ashok Pandey and Pragati Pandey. As part of its agenda, the company invests in and nurtures talent, ensuring that the films they churn out are sensible and entertaining.
Revel Films ventured into the entertainment sector with the short film ‘An Expression’ and the feature film 'Phas Gaye Re Obama'. Both projects have been immensely appreciated by audiences and critics alike.
About the founders.
Ashok Pandey is the Founder of Revel Films. Having completed his education with BE (EEE) from BITS, Pilani and MS (Computer Science) from CCNY, New York, he is also the founder of US-based company IntelliGroup Inc. It’s with his extensive experience in the marketing and strategic side of business that Revel Films flourishes under.
Pragati Pandey is a B.Com graduate from Kanpur University with continuing education at PACE University, New York, Pragati Pandey is a trained actress, who has been part of and managed several events, shows, films and plays. She is the creative wing of the organisation.
Films.
Phas Gaye Re Obama was Revel Films first venture into the main market of Indian cinema. Directed by Subhash Kapoor and starring stalwarts like Neha Dhupia, Rajat Kapoor, Sanjay Mishra, Manu Rishi Chadda, Amole Gupte, this film was appreciated by audiences and critics alike. This debut mass venture was rated 4 stars on an average by most reviewers. A satire on the lines of American inflation, and the ambitions of small-town thugs and a bandit queen, Phas Gaye Re Obama was a laughter-riot.
The industry gurus showered adulation on the film by awarding it in various categories. 
Upcoming projects undertaken by Revel Films include ‘Saare Jahaan Se Mehnga’, a film by Anshul Sharma starring Sanjai Mishra, Zakir Hussain, Vishwa Mohan Badola, Sitaram Panchal, Pragati Pandey, Paritosh Sand, Ranjan Chhabra, Disha Pandey and Pramod Pathak. Saare Jahaan Se Mehnga is a satirical take on menghai. 

</doc>
<doc id="36735248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735248" title="EpicMealTime (video game)">
EpicMealTime (video game)

EpicMealTime is a video game app made for the Android and iPhone/iPad and was released on July 25, 2012. The game is based off the YouTube cooking show, "Epic Meal Time" and developed by "Molecube". 
Gameplay.
"EpicMealTime" is entirely a score-based game in which the only goal is to last as long as you can, while gathering more points each try. The player does not take control of the EMT members but instead like Fruit Ninja, the player simply controls objects while not appearing physical inside the game. The only main objective in the game is to feed the EMT member large amounts of unhealthy food as for example: bacon, pizza, cheeseburgers while also including foods that Epic Meal Time has created themselves such as the "TurBacon", "Meat Cthulhu" and "Quarterback Burger". While doing this though, players must keep the members from consuming vegetables which take off one of three lives. If all three lives are used up, the game ends and the score counts up the player's progress. 

</doc>
<doc id="36735250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735250" title="Richard Wagamese">
Richard Wagamese

Richard Wagamese (born 1955, near Minaki, Ontario) is an author and journalist from the Ojibway Wabasseemoong First Nation in northwestern Ontario, Canada.
Early life.
After being taken from his family via the Children's Aid Society, he was raised in foster homes in northwestern Ontario and eventually was adopted by a family in southern Ontario.
Career.
Wagamese was a columnist for the Calgary Herald. He has published a number of books, including novels, poetry and biographical work. According to the biography in his latest novel, "Indian Horse", he currently lives outside Kamloops, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36735256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735256" title="Lascar (disambiguation)">
Lascar (disambiguation)

Lascar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36735257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735257" title="Thomas Schneider">
Thomas Schneider

Thomas Schneider may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36735294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735294" title="The Devil's Nest">
The Devil's Nest

The Devil's Nest (Pirunpesä) is an eroded cavity located in the village Ylivalli in the municipality Jalasjärvi in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It is 14 meters wide and 23 meters deep, and the deepest earth erosion in Europe.
Formation.
The evolution of the Devil’s Nest can be explained in three stages: during the Tertiary period, the Ice Age and the present time. Clearly, it took over million years to turn into the way it is now. During Tertiary the area was very dry and vulnerable to erosion. The surface of the mountain was eroded many meters, forming an erosion layer. At the same time, a vertical cut was formed in the surface which was filled with eroded material. This was the first stage of the Devil’s Nest.
During the Ice Age period (about 2 million years ago) there have been 4 glacial events and between them, interglacial periods that were comparable to the present climate. These glaciers overrode the area several times, removing the eroded surface layer down to the bottom. The next glaciers have influenced the cavity and left different layers of granite and between them; sand and silt were accumulated during these periods. It was not until the end of last century when, through hard labor and much financial support, workers were able to remove all of the eroded materials. The hole was opened to the public by 1997.
Mythology.
The name of the Devil's Nest is derived from the tales of those believed that the Devil had lived in the cavity.
Tourists can descend the stairs into the abyss. Next to the Devil’s Nest, there is a 21 meter high tower with an excellent view of the cavern and the surrounding area as well.
Location.
Jalasjärvi is 36 km south of Seinäjoki. The most appropriate way is to get there by car. The signs to get to Pirunpesä are clear, but there are not so many so it is important to read and follow them carefully. The cavity is open from the beginning of May until the end of August, every day from 12.00 to 20.00. During September is open only during weekends or special occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="36735306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735306" title="Lascăr">
Lascăr

Lascăr is both a Romanian surname and a masculine Romanian given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="36735317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735317" title="St. Wystan's Church, Repton">
St. Wystan's Church, Repton

St. Wystan's Church, Repton, is a parish church located in Repton, Derbyshire, famous for its Anglo-Saxon crypt which is the burial place of two Mercian Kings. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is dedicated to the Anglo-Saxon Saint Wystan (or Wigstan), who was formerly buried within the church's crypt.
Description.
"For early history, please see: "Repton Abbey"
The Anglo-Saxon abbey church was cruciform and may have had a tower over its central crossing. The nave of the current church has Medieval Gothic north and south aisles that were rebuilt in the 13th century and widened early in the 14th century. The west tower and recessed spire were added in 1340. The top of the spire is above ground level. In the 15th century the nave clerestory with its timber roof and the two-storey porch were built and the tower windows were altered. Monuments inside the church include an alabaster effigy of a knight from about 1400 and monuments to members of the Thacker family from 1563 and 1710. The tower has a ring of eight bells, the oldest of which was cast at Leicester in about 1500.
The church was restored between 1885 and 1886 by Arthur Blomfield.
Crypt and royal burials.
The Crypt was constructed in the early 8th century; it was built over a spring and is thought to have originally been a baptistery.
It was converted into a mausoleum for King Æthelbald of Mercia, during his lifetime. King Wiglaf and his grandson Saint Wigstan (after who the later church is named), were also buried in the crypt.
It is thought that the royal bodies were first buried in the ground to decompose before their bones were interred in the crypt.
Following Saint Wigstan's burial, the crypt became a place of pilgrimage. However, following the Danish (Viking) invasion, St Wigstan's body was removed and taken with the fleeing monks. It was later returned but King Cnut had St Wigstan's remains removed again in the 10th century; having them reburied at Evesham Abbey.
Nikolaus Pevsner described the Anglo-Saxon parts of St. Wystan's parish church as "one of the most precious survivals of Anglo-Saxon architecture in England". In addition to the crypt they include the chancel, the northeast and southeast parts of the crossing and part of the north transept. The crypt is a square chamber with a roof of three rows of three domical vaults supported by two pilasters on each wall and four free-standing pillars at the four corners of the central vault.
Churchyard.
The churchyard contains the war graves of 17 Commonwealth service personnel (mostly Royal Air Force of World War II. Also buried there are the ashes of C.B. Fry, whose tombstone, dedicated in 2008, describes him as "Cricketer, Scholar, Athlete, Author - The Ultimate All Rounder."
Organ.
The church contains a 2 manual 23-stop tracker action pipe organ by Peter Collins dating from 1998. The specification can be found at the National Pipe Organ Register

</doc>
<doc id="36735318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735318" title="Last Dance (2012 film)">
Last Dance (2012 film)

Last Dance is a 2012 Australian thriller film about a Muslim man (Firass Dirani) who kidnaps an elderly Melbourne Jewish woman (Julia Blake) and holds her hostage. It will make its international premiere at the 2012 Melbourne International Film Festival.
The female lead was meant to be Gena Rowlands but her casting was opposed by the MEAA.

</doc>
<doc id="36735364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735364" title="2002 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I – Pool B">
2002 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I – Pool B

Group B of the 2002 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II is one of two pools in the Asia/Oceania zone of the 2002 Fed Cup. Six teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top two teams advancing to the play-offs and the bottom team being relegated to Group II for the following year. 

</doc>
<doc id="36735367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735367" title="Nyan Tun">
Nyan Tun

"Thray Sithu" Nyan Tun (born 12 January 1954) is the incumbent Vice President of Burma (Myanmar) and previously, the Commander in chief of the Myanmar Navy with the rank of Admiral. He was elected on 15 August 2012 to replace Tin Aung Myint Oo who had resigned for personal reasons.
He graduated from the 16th intake of the Defence Services Academy and served as Commander in chief of the Navy from June 2008. He was promoted to Vice Admiral in 2010 and made an Admiral in 2012. He was awarded the title of "Thray Sithu" on 4 January 2012.
As Commander in chief of the Navy, Nyan Tun oversaw a naval standoff with Bangladesh, the mending of Burmese-Bangladesh bilateral relations, the expansion of military relations with India and the modernization of the Burmese Navy, including the acquirmenent of two frigates from China.

</doc>
<doc id="36735383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735383" title="Tambour (company)">
Tambour (company)

Tambour (Hebrew: טמבור) is an Israeli company engaged in the manufacture of paint, coatings and advanced construction materials. The company was founded in Israel by 1936. The current controlling shareholder of the company is Azrieli Group.
Overview.
Tambour's main activities are manufacturing, importing and marketing of paints and related materials such as sealants, coatings, paint thinners and gypsum. The company has production sites in Acre, Gesher and Migdal HaEmek, with its headquarters in Netanya.
History.
The company was founded in 1936 by three immigrants from Germany and began operations near Haifa. In 1944 the company was acquired by the British conglomerate Jenson Nicholson. Most of the activity in the coming years sales was the British Army and Navy. By 1952 a new factory was built in the industrial area of Acre.
By 1960 the company sold a number of partners: Israel Economic Corporation-PEC (group IDB), England-Israel Securities and a group of private investors. By 1962 the company sold most of Lflskon, the largest manufacturer of paint in South Africa. 
Tambor was a private company until 1993 then went public in on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. In 2001 Discount Investments sold its share of Granite Carmel and following receipt of full tender offer trading company was deleted. In 2005 stock was issued again and Tambour again became a public company, until being de-listed in 2012.
The company has been declared a monopoly by Israel's Antitrust Authority in the interior paints sector. As of end 2011 the company employed 686 workers.

</doc>
<doc id="36735389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735389" title="Bodegas López de Heredia">
Bodegas López de Heredia

Bodegas López de Heredia is a Spanish winery, located in the Rioja region. Founded in 1877, the estate owns around 420 acres of vineyards and produces 25,000 cases of wine annually. López de Heredia is known as one of Rioja's more traditional winemakers, using large American oak barrels rather than the smaller French ones that many other Rioja wineries have started to use, and often storing and aging its wines—including white wines—for decades before release, much longer than the minimum requirements for Reserva and Gran Reserva wines.
The wine range from López de Heredia consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="36735392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735392" title="Richard Fletcher (died 1560)">
Richard Fletcher (died 1560)

Richard Fletcher (by 1523–1559/1560), of Rye, Sussex, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Rye in March 1553, April 1554 and 1559.

</doc>
<doc id="36735397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735397" title="Stardust (Lena album)">
Stardust (Lena album)

Stardust is the third studio album by German recording artist Lena Meyer-Landrut. It was released on October 12, 2012 on Universal Music. Both album and first single with the eponymous name achieved gold certification in Germany.
Background.
"Stardust" is Lena's first album without contribution from former mentor, entertainer Stefan Raab. Principal songwriting began in late summer 2011 and during that process Lena made travels to Stockholm, London, and Hamburg. Throughout the sessions, she collaborated with musicians like Matthew Benbrook, Pauline Taylor, Johnny McDaid, James Flannigan, and Sonny Boy Gustafsson, who produced five of the songs. Four titles were written in collaboration with Miss Li of which the song "ASAP" is a duet with the Swedish singer-songwriter. Lena participated on nine songs as co-author. "Better News" and "I'm Black" were composed in collaboration with Ian Dench, who formerly worked with EMF and Florence and the Machine. The idea to "Don't Panic" was inspired by a fire alert in London. "Mr Arrow Key" is about a guide for the things of life. "Pink Elephant" covers the story of a girl who is clumsy like an elephant. "Goosebumps" is a song about homesickness. "To the Moon" is a love song which took Lena, her co-writer Alexander Schroer and producer Swen Meyer seven months to find suitable lyrics for a certain melody. "Neon (Lonely People)" describes the feeling of loneliness despite the fact that someone is among people.
Additionally there is a hidden track called "Lille katt" performed in Swedish language previously known from the Swedish-German children's television series "Emil i Lönneberga" The iTunes version features a cover version of the title "Moonlight" previously performed by Mayaeni in 2010.
Production on the album was finished in July 2012. Lena presented eight of the twelve songs from the album during four promotional events in Munich, Cologne, Hamburg, and Berlin in late July and early August 2012 to the press and the radio stations. "Stardust" was partly produced by Swen Meyer in Hamburg, known by his work with Tomte, Tim Bendzko, and Kettcar. The first single with the eponymous name was released on September 21, 2012, while the music video to this song was first shown on September 7, 2012. On September 20, 2012, Lena previewed the album to a larger audience at the Reeperbahn Festival in the music venue Schmidt's Tivoli in Hamburg.
Reception.
Critical reviews.
Overall "Stardust" received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics. Several reviews pointed out that Stefan Raab didn't participate at the production. The German issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine gave "Stardust" three out of five stars and wrote that "merely that this time you actually have the feeling that this is really Lena, and not Stefan Raab's idea of Lena." The Neue Presse from Hannover gave four out of five stars and stated: "No Raab anymore, no more under his wing. Lena spread her "pop" wings."
The critic site "CDStarts" gave the album seven out of ten stars and wrote that Lena has grown up.
Promotion.
The album's lead single, "Stardust" was released on September 21 and charted at number 2 in the German Singles Chart. From October 5 to October 7, 2012 iTunes pre-released three songs to promote the album. "To the Moon" was the first download, followed by "ASAP" on October 6 and "Pink Elephant" on October 7.
On April, Meyer-Landrut was touring the Germany, while promoting her album. The tour was called 'No One Can Catch Us', and it's the lyrics from her latest's album lead single "Stardust". The tour started on April 2, in Stuttgart, and ended on April 21, in Offenbach. Also, Lena was streaming her last show on internet for her fans, who couldn't come to one of her shows. The tour was made of 13 shows in different German cities like Berlin, Hamburg, Hannover and more. Lena also wanted to make a show in Vienna, Austria, but later, the show was cancelled for unknown reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36735431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735431" title="Van Noppen">
Van Noppen

van Noppen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735443" title="Vannucchi">
Vannucchi

Vannucchi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735446" title="Vannucci">
Vannucci

Vannucci is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735454" title="Man of Steel (sculpture)">
Man of Steel (sculpture)

The vision for this landmark project followed the demise of the Tinsley Cooling Towers in the East end of Sheffield, in 2008. Public comment on his work suggested the ‘Man of Steel’ might become a fitting replacement for the much loved Tinsley Towers. 
The sculpture and visitor centre is due be built on a former landfill site provided by FCC Environment (one of the world's largest waste services companies) next to the M1 motorway at Kimberworth in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. The project received planning permission from Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council on 13 August 2012.
The figure will be made from stainless steel, recognising the important development of stainless steel by Harry Brearley in Sheffield more than 100 years ago. The sculpture will sit on a coal-black column, recognising the region's huge coal seams. The column will include an observation deck, visitor centre and shop. The sculpture will be visible to 100,000 vehicles a day travelling on the M1 across the Tinsley Viaduct between Rotherham and Sheffield, with a combined potential audience of 65 million people per year. The sculpture will overlook the former site of the Tinsley Towers (Blackburn Meadows) and provide a landmark as well as a catalyst for future business investment and a destination for tourism.
The project has grown through a close collaboration with local industry, commerce, education and local authority experts. Sheffield based Axis Architects have been involved with the project from the outset four years ago and led a successful planning process, as well as developing designs for the column. Mott MacDonald, Civil Engineers, have designed foundation solutions for the sculpture and are assisting with designing the column construction and assisting with professional project advice. Sheffield Hallam University created complex and highly detailed 3D modelling for the project and a 3 metre version of the sculpture was machined at the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre AMRC in Rotherham. This world leading facility is a collaboration between Sheffield University, Boeing, Rolls-Royce, and up to 60 industrial partners.
STEM Education is an important area where the Yorkshire Man of Steel sculpture will leave its mark: A team of education experts from Rotherham and Sheffield are working closely with the project encouraging students to get involved and to learn more about the industrial history of the region and the transitional effect of the new technology sector. Education packs including curriculum materials will focus on speciality manufacturing processes and innovative digital industry advances. STEM (Science Technology Engineering Mathematics) is widely recognised as an important focus of future education requirements tailored to the advanced technology sector.
The legacy of the sculpture will be measured by the potential economic benefit it may bring to the local community. A recent report published by Sheffield Hallam University examined several visitor centre projects, across the UK and concluded that the Yorkshire Man of Steel could benefit the region by £9million per annum in additional visitor income (Potential socio-economic impacts of the Yorkshire Man of Steel: Summary Report July 2013: Sheffield Business School: Sheffield Hallam University, Dr Nicola Palmer).
The Yorkshire Man of Steel is expected to be delivered in 2016. The cost has been estimated at £3.5 million, much of which will come from the private sector and public donation. Almost £1million of pledges, including materials and expertise, has been contributed to the project already, and an individual pledge of £1million has been offered by a local business person. The project leaders are also exploring further funding options through the Regional Development Fund (RGF) and the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF).

</doc>
<doc id="36735465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735465" title="Vano">
Vano

Vano may refer to:
In addition, Vano is both a given name and a surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36735468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735468" title="Vanocur">
Vanocur

Vanocur is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735474" title="Vanoni">
Vanoni

Vanoni is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735481" title="Ali Mandhry">
Ali Mandhry

Ali Said Mandhry, also known as Chef Ali L’artiste, is one of the youngest celebrity chefs in Kenya.
Early life and education.
According to Mandhry, inspiration from his grandfather got him into the kitchen at age nine, and started selling cakes he baked to fellow students and teachers at age twelve.
After high school, Mandhry worked as an intern at the Sarova White Sands Beach Resort and Spa. He later enrolled in a food production apprenticeship course at Kenya Utalii College. Mandhry graduated with an honours degree from Kenya Utalii College.
Career.
In January 2011, Mandhry became a culinary instructor at Kenya Utalii College's Mombasa campus, in charge of the food production department.
Mandhry hosts a cooking show on NTV Kenya, "Tamu Tamu: Kenyan Cuisine with a Twist" and also "Pilipili Jikoni", a Swahili radio program on Pilipili Fm in Mombasa. Mandhry is a judge on the first Kenya's reality Cooking competition, "Kikwetu Supa Chef", which airs on K24. Mandhry owns the L’artiste Pastry Factory and is a representative of the Kenya's Chef Association. Mandhry was appointed the Brand Ambassador for Kericho Gold Tea. He has been named among the top 5 reigning chefs of African cuisine by "Africa Style Daily".
Publications and media.
Mandhry has appeared in newspapers, magazines, radio and television. In December 2011 Mandhry appeared alongside Osama el Sayed on "Ma Osama Atyab" to promote authentic Kenyan cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="36735512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735512" title="London Legacy Development Corporation">
London Legacy Development Corporation

The London Legacy Development Corporation was established in 2012, replacing the Olympic Park Legacy Company. It was formed as a "mayoral development corporation" under the powers of the Localism Act 2011. The "mayoral development area" covered by the development corporation is the Olympic Park and surrounding areas.
Board members.
The members of the board are:

</doc>
<doc id="36735514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735514" title="Vanover">
Vanover

Vanover is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735526" title="Eleven Media Group">
Eleven Media Group

Eleven Media Group was founded in 2000 by Dr Than Htut Aung in Yangon, Myanmar. It has 5 weekly publications in Myanmar-language specializing in news and sports. Reporters without Borders award the "Media of the Year" 2011 for its long standing against Myanmar military government. It employs 250 staffs and combined circulation is 450,000 copies in 2012. It has a comprehensive agreement with Nation Multimedia Group Plc of Thailand in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36735531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735531" title="Alexander Wedderburn">
Alexander Wedderburn

Alexander Wedderburn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36735538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735538" title="Wat Khanikaphon">
Wat Khanikaphon

Wat Khanikphon () is a Thai private temple in Maha Nikaya sect of Buddhism, located on Thanon Phlapphla Chai, Khwaeng Pom Prap, Khet Pom Prap Sattru Phai, Bangkok, in front of the Phlapphla Chai Police Office.
During the reign of King Nang Klao, a rich old woman whose name was Faeng (แฟง), often called Madam Faeng by the public, was a faithful Buddhist, despite being a manager of a brothel, called "Madam Faeng's Station," situated on Thanon Yaowarat. The old woman raised funds amongst the prostitutes in her brothel to build the temple in 1833.
In celebrating the temple, Madam Faeng invited Father To, a renown monk who later obtained an ecclesiastical title as Somdet Phra Phutthachan (To Phrommarangsi), to deliver a sermon, hoping that the monk would praise her contributions amongst the public. Father To addressed the public that the merits made by one for displaying his own virtue, even great in amount, would result in low goodness. The monk also said that the prostitution incomes which Madam Faeng spent in building the temple were considered the 'sinful money', it was regarded that Madam Faeng made the incomplete contributions, stating that "These charitable activities of the host are of various backgrounds. It is therefore considered that in making one pound of contribution, Madam Faeng would gain only one shilling of merit."
Originally, there was no official name of the temple. The people merely called the temple "Madam Faeng's Temple" (วัดใหม่ยายแฟง, literally 'New Temple by Madam Faeng'). As from its establishment, the temple has been opened to the public and a site of public religious activities. When King Chulalongkorn ascended to the throne, Madam Faeng's descendants renovated the temple and petitioned the King for its official name. King Chulalongkorn named the temple "Khanikaphon," from Pāḷi, "Gaṇikābala", meaning the temple which was the result of the prostitutes' contributions.
Currently, the temple maintains many items existing since its establishment, including the presiding Buddha image, the central hall, the image halls, a small pagoda, the cloisters, the masonic bell tower, and the ancient file cabinet. There are also a model of Father To in front of the temple, and a half figure of Madam Faeng covered with gold leaves and placed inside the wall. On the base of the Madam Faeng figure, there is an inscription: "This Wat Khanikaphon was established in 1833 by Madam Faeng, ascendant of the Paorohit Family."
The temple also runs a primary school called "Wat Khanikaphon School," subsidiary to the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36735541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735541" title="Bodegas Marqués de Murrieta">
Bodegas Marqués de Murrieta

Bodegas Marqués de Murrieta is a Spanish winery, located in the Rioja region, founded in 1822 by Peru-born Luciano Francisco Ramon de Murrieta. The estate's most well-known wine is its Castillo Ygay Gran Reserva Especial but it is also known as one of the few Rioja producers to still make traditional oak-aged white wines.
Its Dalmau release contains a proportion of Cabernet Sauvignon and is aged in French barriques. A "Historic Release" Gran Reserva is bottled for special vintages and released after almost two decades in oak.

</doc>
<doc id="36735546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735546" title="Atet Wijono">
Atet Wijono

Atet Wijono (born 11 March 1951) is a former tennis player from Indonesia.
Career.
Wijono appeared in two Grand Slam tournaments during his career, the 1970 US Open, where he was beaten in the first round by Pancho Segura and the 1971 French Open, where he also lost in the opening round, to Francois Jauffret.
From 1969 to 1982, Wijono was a regular fixture in the Indonesia Davis Cup team. He twice beat Indian Anand Amritraj and also had a win over Australian John Cooper. His overall Davis Cup record is 13/25, with eight singles wins and five doubles victories.
He was a singles gold medalist at the 1978 Asian Games in Bangkok, defeating Japan's Shigeyuki Nishio in the gold medal playoff. The Indonesian is also a Southeast Asian Games gold medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="36735567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735567" title="Copyright law of Oman">
Copyright law of Oman

Copyright in Oman is regulated by the Law for the Protection of Copyright and Neighbouring Rights issued by Royal Decree No 65/2008 which was later amended by Royal Decree No 132/2008.
History.
The first copyright law in Oman was passed in the year 1996 by Royal Decree No 47/1996, this law was later revamped in anticipation of Oman's membership to the WTO in 2000 when Royal Decree No 37/2000 issued the second copyright law of Oman, and then in fulfilment of Oman's prerequisites to the entry into a Free Trade Agreement with the USA, Royal Decree No 65/2008 issued the third and current Omani copyright law.
Copyright protection.
The Omani copyright protects any original literary, artistic, and scientific work automatically upon their creation without the need to undertake any formalities irrespective of the value, kind, method of expression, or purpose for which the work was created.
Subject matter of copyright protection.
Article 2 of the Omani copyright law provides a wide definition of what can fall within the scope of copyright protection as it states that literary, artistic, and scientific works are protected irrespective of their value, kind, medium of expression, or purpose for creation. The same article provides an illustrative non-exhaustive list of subject matter explicitly included within the scope of protection that includes all forms of literary and artistic work in addition to computer software and databases. Article 2 also specifies that the 'title' of a work can attract copyright protection this title is original.
Article 4 of the law provides that the following are not to be protected by copyright:
Economic rights.
The Omani law grants the owner of the copyright over a work the following exclusive economic rights:
Moral rights.
Moral rights under the Omani copyright law cannot be waived or disposed of. The moral rights available under Omani law are the right of the author for attribution as the author of the work in the manner of his choice and the right of the author to object to any distortion, mutilation, modification, or other derogatory action in relation to his work that could prejudice the author's honor or reputation.
Free uses.
The Omani copyright law provides a number of exceptions that allow the public to perform the following acts in relation to any copyright work without the need to seek the permission of the copyright owner as long as the author is attributed, the use does not conflict with the normal exhaustion of the work, and the use does not unreasonably detriment the interests of the author:
Duration of copyright protection.
The duration of the copyright term in Oman can be summarized in the following table:
A work is considered unpublished under the Omani copyright law if it does not get published within 25 years from the date of creation of the work.
Neighboring rights.
In addition to copyright protection, the Omani copyright law provides additional protection for performances, sound recordings, and broadcasts.
Performers' rights.
Performances have the following exclusive economic rights:
The duration of the economic rights of performers lasts for 95 years starting from the year following the publication of the fixed performance, or 120 years starting from the year following the completion of the performance if the performance is not published within 25 years after its creation.
In addition to these economic rights, performers have moral rights identical to those of copyright owners which cannot be waived, are perpetual, and are independent of the economic rights.
Sound recordings producers' rights.
Producers of sound recordings have the following exclusive economic rights:
The duration of the economic rights of the producers of sound recordings lasts for 95 years starting from the year following the publication of the sound recording, or 120 years starting from the year following the completion of the sound recording if the sound recording is not published within 25 years after its creation.
Broadcasters' rights.
Broadcasting authorities have the following exclusive economic rights:
The duration of the economic rights of broadcasters lasts for 20 years from the year following the year of the first broadcast of a broadcasting program.
Effective technological measures and rights management information.
In addition to copyright protection, the Omani copyright law also protects effective technical measures and rights management information applied to copyright works by prohibiting the following: 
Oman's membership of international copyright treaties.
Oman is a member of the following copyright treaties: 

</doc>
<doc id="36735568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735568" title="1995 German Athletics Championships">
1995 German Athletics Championships

The 1995 German Athletics Championships were held at the Weserstadion in Bremen on 30 June – 2 July 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36735586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735586" title="Bodegas Muga">
Bodegas Muga

Bodegas Muga is a Spanish winery based in Haro, in the Rioja Alta region. The estate was created in 1932 by Isaac Muga Martínez and his wife, Auro Cano, and currently produces several red, rosé and white wines from Tempranillo, Garnacha, Mazuelo, Malvasia and Viura grapes. 

</doc>
<doc id="36735593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735593" title="UAC – Uninterrupted Air Conditioner">
UAC – Uninterrupted Air Conditioner

UAC – Uninterrupted Air Conditioner is a thermal-electrical device for providing uninterrupted air conditioning even when the incoming utility power fails. The device facilitates in making air conditioning possible during power outages without the use of expensive diesel generators and large battery banks and UPS/power inverter.
The UAC makes this possible by storing and using energy in combination of thermal and electrical forms. The majority of the energy required for running an air conditioner during power fails is stored in a cost effectively way in phase change (water → ice → water). This storage combination hence reduces the need of back-up power (either batteries or generators capacity) by 80–90%. Only a very small portion of electrical energy (about 10–20% of actual air conditioning load) is required for providing air conditioner during power failure. This small amount of electrical energy is only used for evacuate the stored thermal energy which can be drawn from either a small battery or from alternative source.
This synergistic energy storage combination results in solving a huge problems in an economically and sustainability way also help in reducing noise and air pollution by saving huge quantity of diesel and reduces battery population in developing countries with week and unreliable grid.
Operating air conditioner (AC) during power cuts/outages.
The conventional solutions used for operating air conditioners during power failures are either backup diesel generators or battery-backed UPS or power inverter. Both the solutions are sub-optimal in terms of end-user cost and sustainability due to following reasons: 
UAC overcomes most of the above problems associated with conventional approaches for running AC during power failure since 80-90% of the energy is stored in latent heat of phase change, this results in an optimal solution by enabling the following

</doc>
<doc id="36735599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735599" title="Serder Serderov">
Serder Serderov

Serder Mukailovich Serderov (; born March 10, 1994 in Makhachkala) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Anzhi Makhachkala as a striker.
He made his debut in the Russian Premier League on 18 November 2012 for FC Anzhi Makhachkala in a game against FC Rostov.
In the June 2013 Serderov joined newly promoted Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast on a season-long loan. The loan was ended on 16 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36735601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735601" title="Berkshire Blues">
Berkshire Blues

Berkshire Blues is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Freedom label in 1977. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with its review by Scott Yanow, stating: "Throughout the set, Weston's solos hold on to one's interest, although the overall results are really not all that essential".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36735604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735604" title="Epsilon-negative material">
Epsilon-negative material

An epsilon-negative material is one with a positive permeability but a negative permittivity.
They are produced as metamaterials for research on building antennas with negative refraction.

</doc>
<doc id="36735612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735612" title="Omar Faig Nemanzadeh">
Omar Faig Nemanzadeh

Omar Faig Nemanzadeh () was an Azerbaijani journalist and public figure. 
Omar Faig Nemanzadeh was a Meskhetian Turk and was born in 1872, in Akhaltsikhe, Georgia. When he was 10, his family decided to send him to Gori gymnasium where prominent people of the Caucasus such as Chavchavadze and Stalin studied. However his mother was a devout Muslim and she was against his education in a Christian school. That is why he was sent to Istanbul and studied at the Fatih Madrasah.
Omar Faig treated religious education skeptically and after two years, he transferred to secular Dar ush-Shafak seminary, where sciences and languages were taught and which had a reputation as breeder of liberal ideas in Turkey.
In the last year of education at this school, Omar Faig began to work at a post office in Galata, and all magazines and newspapers published in Europe passed through his hands. Namely this acquaintance with liberal European ideas had a great significance in his formation. Approximately then Nemanzadeh connected with secret circles, with “revolutionary elements” of Istanbul, who contemplated Sultan’s dethronement. Most likely, the young worker inspired by liberalism ideas provided them with newspapers and soft news. In any case, one fine day police dispersed these circles. Omar Faig Nemanzadeh escaped from arrest barely being in time for a steamship to Batumi.
Activity.
Returning to the Caucasus, Omar Faig began to act according to his ideals. He thought that enlightenment is the only way to change the situation – stagnation of the Turkic nation. 
Omar Faig began to teach. Beginning from 1893, he established schools in Shamakhi, Shaki, Ganja and Tiflis for ten years. "“We consider the opening of schools in native language the most important task of today”", - he wrote in one of the declarations of his comrades – Azerbaijani democrats, whom he joined in 1892. Being always on move throughout the Caucasus and finally settling in Baku, Omar Faig became an outstanding person in socio-political life also due to his publications – particularly, in the only Turkish-language newspaper in Russia “Terjuman” (“Translator”). His article, dedicated to the first Muslim female school in Baku – he called it “an incomprehensible miracle” – was saved in archives of “Serveti Fuunun” magazine of Istanbul. That article drew a wide respond in the Muslim world – few people concurred Omar Faig’s thoughts that Muslim girls also need education.
In 1906, Nemanzadeh decided to publish his own publication. He had an extraordinary idea: to publish a grotesque magazine of caricatures with sharp satires, which could be understood by grassroots and illiterate people. He devised an appropriate name for it – “Molla Nasraddin”, in honor of a famous and favourite thinker and scoffer of the Turkic world, who chaffed greedies and supported poor and honest people. 
He couldn’t register the magazine himself – because Omar Faig was a “problem” person, and authorities were rather afraid of him. He invited Jalil Mammadguluzadeh to work as editor-in-chief. Two Tbilisi Germans: Schmerling and Rotter, who created absolutely new style for the magazine, became its illustrators; besides that their illustrations were understandable that they didn’t need any signature.
Omar Faig and Mammadguluzade devised plots for the caricatures – problems existing in the Caucasus at that times could be seen in these caricatures: illiteracy, closed situation of women, arrogance of clerks and police’s outrage. 
In due course other poets and prose writers also began to write feuilletons in “Molla Nasraddin” magazine. 
Almost the first numbers of the magazine caused furor. Nobody expected such a success – soon the weekly magazine began to be published in 5000 number of copies and spread throughout the Turkic world. 
Despite its sharpness, the magazine wasn’t prohibited, although it was censored: there can be seen crossed out empty pages in archives. 
Omar Faig financed the magazine himself, but becoming the publisher he didn’t become rich. There also were problems with means. But from 1906 to 1909, the magazine was published without any restrictions. Then he was renewed in 1912, and later in 1917 again. And later the revolution began.
Hard times.
Initially, Bolsheviks gave indulgences to people who were against tsarism – they even gave a great house with garden to Omar Faig in Akhaltsike. In 1920, when the republic in Baku was collapsed and the Soviet regime established, authorities gave an initiative: to continue publishing of popular “Molla Nasraddin” magazine in every possible means. And they promised to create all good conditions for it. But Omar Faig refused to participate in this project. He was engaged in other activities, which were closely connected to his nation. Soon he left Baku after the revolution and returned to Georgia – initially he led independent Gars Republic and then entered revolution committee of Georgian Republic as a representative of Muslim population. He always was a respected public figure.
In 1937, he was arrested and shot.

</doc>
<doc id="36735629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735629" title="Epsilon Sagittae">
Epsilon Sagittae

Epsilon Sagittae (Epsilon Sge, ε Sagittae, ε Sge) is a multiple star system in the constellation of Sagitta, with an apparent magnitude of +5.67. The primary component is a yellow G-type giant. It is approximately 473 light years from Earth.
Epsilon Sagittae projected Galactic orbit carries it between 20,400 and 25,300 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Epsilon Sagittae will come closest to the Sun 3.6 million years from now when it will brighten to magnitude 3.70 from a distance of 193 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36735646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735646" title="Pan Mei">
Pan Mei

Pan Mei (潘美) ( 925 – 20 July 991) was a military general and statesman in the early years of imperial China's Song Dynasty. In the 970s, he was the main commander in Song's conquest of Southern Han and also played pivotal roles in the conquest of Southern Tang and Northern Han. Afterwards he fought the Khitan-ruled Liao Dynasty on Song's northern border.
In 986 he was demoted by 3 ranks for contributing to the death of fellow Song general Yang Ye during battles against Liao. At this time one of his daughters had married into the imperial House of Zhao. The antagonist Pan Renmei (潘仁美, also known as Pan Hong 潘洪) in the largely fictional "Generals of the Yang Family" legends is based on Pan Mei from this episode.
Early life.
Pan Mei's father Pan Lin (潘璘) was a local militia captain (軍校) in Changshan (常山, around modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). In his 20s, Pan Mei worked as an usher (典謁) at his hometown of Daming (in modern Hebei) during the Later Han (947–951), and often told his close friend Wang Mi (王密) about his ambitions in taking advantage of the turbulent times for fame and riches.
Career under Later Zhou.
After the establishment of Later Zhou in 951, Pan Mei served Chai Rong, the prefect (府尹) of Kaifeng. When Chai became the emperor in 954, Pan was named a court official. He followed Chai on campaigns against the Northern Han kingdom, and after playing a part in the victory at Gaoping, served in the palace commissions. Later he became the military inspector of an expeditionary army preparing to invade the Later Shu kingdom.
Pacifying Yuan Yan.
In 960, general Zhao Kuangyin overthrew Later Zhou to found the Song Dynasty. As a former friend, Pan was given important tasks by the new emperor and he did not disappoint. First, Pan persuaded military governor Yuan Yan to submit to Song, then supervised the armies in quelling Li Chongjin's revolt in Huainan. Staying behind in Yangzhou after the victory, he was later sent to Qinzhou (秦州, in today's Qin'an County, Gansu) where he became the imperial commissioner of the local militia.
Conquest of Southern Han.
In 963, Pan Mei was named the imperial defense commissioner of Tanzhou (today's Changsha) and sent to Hunan to help control the newly conquered province, which borders the Southern Han kingdom to the south. During the next 7 years, Pan pacified rebellious tribes in the southern half of the province and fought off Southern Han incursions in Guiyang and Jianghua.
In 970, Pan was named the commander of the expeditionary force to invade Southern Han. In Fuchuan, he defeated the 10,000-men strong Southern Han army and subsequently took Hezhou. Quickly the Song army conquered Zhaozhou (昭州, in today's Pingle County), Guizhou (桂州, today's Guilin) and Lianzhou, resulting in the surrender of other prefecture leaders along the Xi River.
Pan Mei's forces killed more than 10,000 enemy soldiers in Shaozhou (韶州, today's Shaoguan) to advance to 120 "li" north of Guangzhou, Southern Han's capital. Around 150,000 Southern Han soldiers were stationed on a hill for a last battle. Pan Mei rested his soldiers and mentioned to his subordinate generals that the enemy's bamboo fences could best be attacked by fire. At a windy night, he dispatched a few thousand brave men to the enemy's gate, each with 2 torches in hands. Soon great flames engulfed the camps, and as the Song forces attacked from both sides, tens of thousands of Southern Han soldiers perished. The Southern Han ruler Liu Chang was captured in Guangzhou, and the invasion ended 5 months after it began.
Pan would remain to pacify the Lingnan territory for three years as the joint prefect of Guangzhou and commissioner of foreign trade.
Conquest of Southern Tang.
In 974, Pan Mei led his troops north to Jiangling during the fresh campaign against the Southern Tang kingdom. One month later, he was named the military inspector of the troops under the overall command of Cao Bin and ordered to advance to Qinhuai. Reaching the Yangtze River, Pan Mei did not want to wait for boats to be built. Instead he motivated his troops by saying, "His majesty gave me tens of thousands of brave men, expecting victories. Are we going to let this narrow water deter us?" His men swam across the river and destroyed the enemy.
After this victory, Pan Mei was rewarded and became a commissioner of palace attendants (宣徽北院使).
Death of Yang Ye.
In 986, Emperor Taizong of Song ordered a new invasion to retake the Sixteen Prefectures from Liao Dynasty. The campaign was known as "Yongxi Campaign" under the era name of Taizong. Three armies participate the campaign, led by Pan Mei, Yang Ye and Cao Bin. Pan Mei command one of the three armies sent northward. During the first few advance, major victories over Liao forces were scored.
However, from time to time, miscommunications, misunderstanding between the generals and the failure of Cao Bin had led Pan Mei and Yang Ye into disastrous situations. In a failed attempt to thwart an attack from Liao troops, without reinforcement from Pan Mei (who was attacked earlier and are unable to send reinforcement), Yang Ye was surrounded. His sons died one by one but his sixth son, Yang Yanzhao. As a result, Yang Ye was captured and died three days later.
Following the death of Yang Ye, advantages now fell into Liao's hand. Song forces were pursued all the way to Bianjing, only with firm defenses hold by Taizong emperor.
Angered and furious by the death of Yang Ye, a few of Song's military officials were executed, others being thrown into exile. Pan Mei on his own was relegated and demoted to three ranks.

</doc>
<doc id="36735656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735656" title="Fominskiy Leonid Pavlovich">
Fominskiy Leonid Pavlovich

Fomìnskiy Leonìd Pàvlovich (born 4 January 1944) in Volodymyr-Volynskyi of Volyn region in Ukraine. Leonid Pavlovich is a descendant of the Branicki family.
Biography.
Early years.
Leonid Fominsky is an academic and a member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences (RANS). He was born in western Ukraine in the city of Volodymyr-Volynskyi during World War II near the front line, only a few streets away from the action. On one occasion during artillery shelling of streets his father, Paul Jakovljevic Fominskiy was hit by small fragments of shrapnel. Fominskiy's father served in the Soviet military officer-Siberian "(clarification needed)". He was captured by the Germans in 1942, but later escaped from the concentration camps. While fleeing he hid in the house of Mary Stanislavovna Branicki, who traced her lineage to Count Branicki. The elderly Count Stanislaus was shot by the Germans in 1942, caught on the street in the curfew. Family hated the Nazis and took the Russian into their family. When in autumn of 1944 the city was taken by the Soviets, the NKVD came after Fominsky.
But instead of sending him to Kolyma, NKVD sent him to the front in the penal battalion. This wasn't any penal battalion, it was an army of the penalty box – 5th Shock Army "(clarification needed)". In the Army the father went through the Seelow Heights, took Berlin, stormed Hitler's Chancellery, all without sustaining any serious injuries or being wounded. 
In 1946, Fominskiy's father returned from the war to his family in Volodymyr-Volynskyi, where he began teaching at the Teachers College. In 1957, he took his family to his home in the taiga settlement Suzun where Leonid Fominsky graduated from high school in 1960.
Love of engineering and technology.
Leonid Pavlovich Fominsky graduated in 1970 from the Novosibirsk State University with a degree in Physics. He worked for 10 years at the Budker Institute of Nuclear Physics, USSR Academy of Sciences where he developed the world’s first electron accelerators.
In 1973 he began work at the Novomoskovsk branch of the State Institute of Nitrogen Industry in Tula region, where he constructed two additional electron accelerators of his own design. There, as a young scientist he also worked on creation of powder with the help of water discharges, to create a catalyst used in powder metallurgy.
In 1975 Fominskiy was accused of Anti-Sovietism and received a year of probation, for having refused to speak at the meeting condemning academic Andrei Sakharov for his letter to Augusto Pinochet, who had orchestrated a coup d'état in Chile. He was subsequently rehabilitated in 1987 under Gorbachev.
In 1980 Fominskiy started work at the "Tulachermet", where he defended his thesis and was engaged in welding powder coating on the electron beam accelerators. Near Dnepropetrovsk town a plant was built for Fominskiy ’s plowshares surfacing technology. In collaboration with two academics (directors of institutes of the USSR) Leonid Fominskiy submitted an application for his discovery.
In 1988 Fominskiy went to work in Cherkasy at "ROTOR ", where he worked on wastewater treatment by utilizing electro erosion powders.
In 1989 on personal invitation of the British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher he traveled to London to demonstrate the unique way of purifying water. But his work was cut short when the USSR collapsed in 1991.
For a couple of years Leonid Fominsky worked in Korea.
In 1993 Leonid Fominskiy was engaged in water treatment in Austria.
In 1999 he was elected as a foreign member of Russian Academy of Natural Sciences.
From 1988 until his retirement in 2004 he worked at the International STC "Payload " Space Objects in Space Committee, where he developed radically new heat generators.
L.Fominskiy and 2011 Fukushima disaster.
When in 2011 the disaster struck Fukushima in Japan, Fominskiy wrote to the governments of Ukraine and Japan. In the letter he explained that Ukraine had special installations already working for a long time that could help quickly clean all of the radioactive effluents of Fukushima, instead of having them ejected into the sea. He did not receive a reply.
Books and awards.
Leonid Pavlovich Fominskiy – a talented scientist, academician of Russian Academy of Natural Sciences, and the Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, an expert in physics, chemistry, metallurgy, power engineering, PhD, author of 10 books, has written 170 scientific publications and hold over 70 patents .
He was awarded the Order of St. Stanislaus of the 2nd degree, the Russian Scientific Order « For Services» first degree, the highest award of RANS — " Knight of Science ", silver medal of A. Popov International Academy of discoveries and inventions, silver medal «10 years of Natural Sciences».
Death.
After years of fighting skin cancer, Fominskiy Leonid Pavlovich died aged 64 on 18 September 2012. He left a huge number of scientific articles, discoveries and inventions for the human kind to learn from.
Other Devices and Technology.
1. Opto-mechanical deflector. L.P. Fominskiy, VN VI Terekhov Konik. Astra. USSR, 864 991, the statement 5 May 1980, chipboard, MKI002V27/17, 002R1/29.
2. The method of removing fuel element cladding. L.P. Fominskiy. Astra. USSR, 818 352, the statement 29 November 1979, chipboard, MKI021 CI 9/34.
3. The purification process of hydrogen. L.P. Fominskiy. Astra. 1000390 USSR. Statement 14ZH81, Publ. Bull. № 8, 1983, MCI COf B3/56
4. Method of nitriding of metal products. L.P. Fominskiy. Astra. 1095673 USSR, the statement 25 July 1980, chipboard, Publ. bull. 1985, № 4. MCI S23S8/38.
5. A method of producing unsaturated hydrocarbons. L.P. Fominskiy. Astra. 1107559 USSR, the statement 01/11/82, chipboard, MCI CI0015/08.
6. A method of making a stencil for decorating products. VA) Goncharenko, L.P. Fominskiy. Russian Federation Patent 2082595, the statement 18 March 1992, 1997, № 18, MCI V24S1/04.
Patents of Ukraine.
Water treatment.
1. The method of water purification. L.P. Fominskiy et al. patent, Ukr. 1907, a statement 10ZH93,1994, Publ. bull. № 4, MAC S02R1/58.
2. Method of wastewater from the metal ions. L.P. Fominskiy. Patent Ukr 2180, the statement 14 January 1994, Public. 1994, bulletin. Number 5, MAC S02R1/62.
Heat.
1. Patent of Ukraine № 47535 for the invention "Method for the production of heat," Publ. Bull. № 7, 2002 
2. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 50605A for the invention "Method and apparatus for heating a liquid," Publ. Bull. № 10,2002 
3. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 58139A for the invention "Method of heating a liquid," Publ. Bull. № 7, 2003 
4. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 50608A on the invention of "heating fluid". Publ. Bull. Number 6, 2000
5. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 52985A on the invention of "A device for heating a liquid," Publ. Bull. № 1, 2003 
6. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 54703A on the invention of "A device for heating a liquid," Publ. Bulletin. № 3, 2003 
7. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 62731A on the invention of "heating fluid" Publ.Bull. № 12, 2003 
8. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 63609A on the invention of "A device for heating a liquid," Publ. Bull. № 1, 2004 
9. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 2274U for a utility model, "Rotor heating fluid", Publ. Bull. № 1, 2004
10. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 3961U for a utility model "cavitations of heat generator rotor", Publ. Bull. № 12,2004 
11. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 4296U for a utility model, "Device for heating a liquid." Publ. Bull. № 1,2005 
12. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 4342U for a utility model, "Heating of fluids," Publ. Bull. № 1, 2005 
13. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 5378U for a utility model, "Generator", Publ. Bull. № 3, 2005 
14. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 5379U for a utility model, "Device for heating a liquid." Publ. Bull. № 3,2005 
Other inventions.
1. A device for electro erosion dispersion in bulk metal bowl. LP Fominskiy. Patent Ukr. 6863, the statement 31 March 1995, Publ. bull. 1995, JfeLWKB B22P28/14.
2. Thyristor generator pulse flows. AA Shevchenko, L.P. Fominskiy. Pat Ukr. 15,699, the statement 02/08/93, Publ. bull. 1997, № 3, MAC NOZKZ/53
3. A method of producing composite powders. LP Fominskiy. Patent Uca 8611, the statement 30 September 1996, Publ. bull. 1996, № 3, MAC V22R9/02.
4. A method of producing the active mass of electrodes for rechargeable batteries. L.P. Fominskiy. Patent Ukr. 850, the statement 30 April 1993, Publ. 1993, № 2, MAC N01M4/20.
5. Method Surfacing of metal products, L.P. Fominskiy. Patent Ukr 4943. Bulletin. № 7-1, 1994.
6. Working treatment of soil body. LP Fominskiy. Patent Ukr. 4942, the statement 28 December 1994, Publ. bull. 1994, № 7/1, MAC A01V15/04.
7. A method of making a stencil for decorating products. V.A.Goncharenko, LP Fominskiy. Patent Ukr. 7214, the statement 02/10/93, Publ. bull. 1995, № 2, MAC V24S1/06.
8. The way to create thrust for space lethal devices. L.P. Fominskiy, Yu.Syu.Potapov. Declarative Patent of Ukraine № 38030U for the invention. 18 May 2000 Statement, Publ. bull. № 4, 2001. MAC 7 F03H5/00.
References.
http://rutracker.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=4162872
http://poslezavtra.com.ua/uchenyj-novoj-fiziki/
http://pro-vincia.com.ua/article-a-384.html
http://fakty.ua/131097-uchenyj-iz-cherkass-predlozhil-yaponii-ispolzovat-ego-tehnologiyu-dlya-dezaktivacii-zarazhennoj-radiaciej-vody
http://ntpo.com/patents_water/water_1/water_1764.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="36735657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735657" title="Krishna Tere Desh Main">
Krishna Tere Desh Main

Krishna Tere Desh Main is a 2001 film produced and directed by Shiv Kumar. Music by Ravindra Jain.

</doc>
<doc id="36735683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735683" title="Beta Reticuli">
Beta Reticuli

Beta Reticuli (Beta Ret, β Reticuli, β Ret) is triple star system and spectroscopic binary in constellation of Reticulum, with an apparent magnitude of +3.84. The primary component is an orange K-type giant. It is approximately 100 light years from Earth.
Beta Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 69.2 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 10,100 and 24,200 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Beta Reticuli came closest to the Sun 319,000 years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 2.98 from a distance of 67 light years.
Naming.
In Chinese caused by adaptation of the European southern hemisphere constellations into the Chinese system, (), meaning "Snake's Head", refers to an asterism consisting of β Reticuli and α Hydri. Consequently, β Reticuli itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36735703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735703" title="Susan Theresa Burke">
Susan Theresa Burke

Susan Theresa Burke is an American writer, actress and stand up comic. Born and raised in Casper, Wyoming, she now lives and works in Los Angeles, California. She is a frequent performer in the Los Angeles alternative comedy scene and has acted in film and television. 
Burke is the co-writer of the 2012 film, "Smashed", starring Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Aaron Paul. Burke co-wrote the film with director James Ponsoldt. The film is loosely based on Burke's own struggles with alcoholism and sobriety. Burke is open about getting sober at the age of 24, but most of her comedy and writing prior to "Smashed" has little to nothing to do with that, focusing instead on the absurdities of day-to-day life.
Burke was engaged to actor and comic Matt Peters in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36735710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735710" title="Mati Balidan Ki">
Mati Balidan Ki

Mati Balidan Ki is a 1986 film based on partiot.star cast Sandhu Raj 
and Rama Vij.Produced & directed by Shiv Kumar.Music by Ravindra Jain.

</doc>
<doc id="36735714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735714" title="Gamma Reticuli">
Gamma Reticuli

Gamma Reticuli (Gamma Ret, γ Reticuli, γ Ret) is a red M-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.48. It is approximately 490 light years from Earth.
Gamma Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 24.8 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 24,100 and 39,200 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36735716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735716" title="House News">
House News

《House News》（）is a Hong Kong news website, content aggregator, and blog founded by Simon Lau, Tony Tsoi, Man-Tao Leung, Simon Lau and Greg Sung, featuring columnists and various news sources. The site offers news, blogs, and original content, and covers politics, business, lifestyle, culture, nature, technology, media, and local news.
History.
The site was launched on 6 July 2012, through Facebook, with the website going live on 28 July, in time for the successful protest against Hong Kong Moral and National Education the following day, which promoted Chinese political values and pro-Communist regime. On 28 August, the site launched an 'Election Dashboard' for the 2012 legislative elections.

</doc>
<doc id="36735737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735737" title="Delta Reticuli">
Delta Reticuli

Delta Reticuli (Delta Ret, δ Reticuli, δ Ret) is a red M-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.56. It is approximately 530 light years from Earth.
Delta Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 13.3 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 22,700 and 30,400 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36735773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735773" title="Alexander Allan Innes Wedderburn">
Alexander Allan Innes Wedderburn

Alexander Allan Innes "Zander" Wedderburn (born 9 May 1935) is a British psychologist and Emeritus Professor of Psychology at the Heriot-Watt University.
Life and career.
Alexander Wedderburn was born in Edinburgh, the son of Alexander Archibald Innes Wedderburn and Ellen Innes Jeans. His father was a lawyer and auditor to the Court of Session. He graduated from Exeter College, Oxford in 1959 and was awarded a Ph.D. by Heriot-Watt in 1992. Between 1968 and 2000 he lectured at Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh. 
After his retirement, Alexander Wedderburn went on to found publishing company Fledgling Press.
Contribution.
Professor Wedderburn taught occupational psychology in the School of Management at Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, for 32 years, and is a Professor Emeritus there. Most of his teaching was in the area of making occupational psychology available to business students and engineers, and in his final three years he established a part-time M.Sc. in Occupational Psychology taught jointly with Strathclyde University. 
His main research impact has been on hours of work and shiftwork, where he is an internationally known authority, building on a British Steel Corporation Fellowship in 1970-72. 
His particular interest was in the interface between research and practice, with several measured practical interventions, a ten year stint as editor of the Bulletin of European Shiftwork Topics, and founding editor of the Shiftwork International Newsletter. He was President of the British Psychological Society in 2003/2004, only the third occupational psychologist to achieve this in the past fifty years. 
He is a fellow of the Working Time Society.
Family.
In 1960, he married Bridget Johnstone. The couple have four children and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="36735790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735790" title="Eta Reticuli">
Eta Reticuli

Eta Reticuli (Eta Ret, η Reticuli, η Ret) is a yellow G-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +5.24. It is approximately 380 light years from Earth.
Eta Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 117.6 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 11,700 and 31,600 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36735805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735805" title="Taghi Akbari">
Taghi Akbari

Taghi Akbari is a former tennis player from Iran.
Career.
Akbari was a member of Iran Davis Cup team from 1958 to 1975, where he was captain since 1974.
He appeared at 15 Davis Cup campaigns for Iran, which is a national record. His 17 singles wins is also an Iranian Davis Cup record, that was equaled by Anoosha Shahgholi in 2011. He also won three doubles rubbers during his career.
He won a bronze medal in the men's singles event at the 1966 Asian Games and a silver medal at the 1974 Asian Games, where he lost in the gold medal playoff to Toshiro Sakai.
Akbari managed to qualify for the 1967 Wimbledon Championships but was beaten by Sergei Likhachev in the first round. He is the first Iranian Tennis player who played at Roland Garros without having had to play any qualification rounds. He competed in the 1969 French Open and lost again in the opening round, but did manage to take Phil Dent into a fifth set. His brother, Mohammad Hossein Akbari, also played in the 1969 French Open.
Akbari received Davis Cup Commitment Award for his 15 years honorific representing his country in Davis Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36735815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735815" title="Arezoo Hakimi">
Arezoo Hakimi

Arezoo Hakimi Moghadam (born in Hamedan, 18 April 1995) is an Iranian kayaker who was youngest athlete in Iran team in Olympic 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36735832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735832" title="Theta Reticuli">
Theta Reticuli

Theta Reticuli (Theta Ret, θ Reticuli, θ Ret) is double star in constellation of Reticulum, with an apparent magnitude of +5.24. The primary component is a blue B-type giant. It is approximately 462 light years from Earth.
Theta Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 7 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 23,800 and 30,100 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36735834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735834" title="Mark Peploe">
Mark Peploe

Mark Peploe (born 1943 in Kenya) is a screenwriter and film director. He is the brother of Clare Peploe.
Awards.
For "The Last Emperor"

</doc>
<doc id="36735850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735850" title="Willem de Beer">
Willem de Beer

Willem Frederik Andries de Beer (born 14 March 1988) is a South African sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
He won a silver medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, de Beer was part of the South African team in the 4 x 400 metres relay semifinal, where he was to run the final leg. In the second leg Ofentse Mogawane collided with Kenya's Vincent Mumo Kiilu, resulting in South Africa's withdrawal from the race. South Africa was passed into the final on appeal to the IAAF, due to interference from the Kenyan athlete who downed Mogawane. They were assigned the 9th lane. He ran the second leg in the final in which South Africa finished eighth.

</doc>
<doc id="36735855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735855" title="Muotkavaara">
Muotkavaara

__NOTOC__
Muotkavaara (Finnish name; , , , ) is a hill in Lapland at the tripoint of Finland, Norway and Russia. The Finnish side belongs to the Inari municipality, the Norwegian side belongs to Sør-Varanger and the Russian side belongs to Nikel. The peak (169 m) is in Norway.
The Sami name ("muotke", "myetki") refers to an isthmus between waters.
Tripoint cairn.
The rock cairn at the tripoint () was erected in 1846. A concrete tetrahedron was added on the top in 1945.
The border of Norway and Russia was demarcated in 1826, while Finland was an autonomous part of Russia. Further in 1833 it was ruled that the border between Grand Duchy of Finland and Russia proper meets the Norwegian border at ”Mutkavaara” (Muotkavaara).
Between 1920 and 1944, when Petsamo was part of Finland, there was no tripoint, since Norway and Russia did not share a border. Muotkavaara became a tripoint again in 1944, when Finland ceded Petsamo to the Soviet Union in the Moscow Armistice. The border was further modified in 1947 when Finland sold the Jäniskoski area to the Soviet Union. Since then the border between Finland and Soviet Union (now Russia) is oriented to the south-west from the Muotkavaara tripoint.
The tripoint is most easily reached from Grensefoss on the Norwegian side, around 5 km hike each way.
Outdooring.
The Norwegian side of Muotkavaara is part of Øvre Pasvik National Park. The Finnish side is slightly outside the Vätsäri Wilderness Area. There is a joint name for the contiguous natural reserve area: Pasvik–Inari Trilateral Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36735856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735856" title="Siege of Shkodra (1474)">
Siege of Shkodra (1474)

The Siege of Shkodra of 1474 was an Ottoman attack upon Venetian-controlled Shkodra in Albania Veneta during the First Ottoman-Venetian War (1463–79).
Siege.
Strong Ottoman forces besieged Shkodra in spring 1474. Mehmed had dispatched the beylerbey of Rumelia, Hadım Suleiman Pasha, with about 8,000 men, but were repulsed by commander Antonio Loredan and feared Venetian reinforcements. According to some sources, when Scutari garrison complained for lack of food and water, Loredan told them ""If you are hungry, here is my flesh; if you are thirsty, I give you my blood.""
The Venetian Senate ordered all available galleys to transport archers to Shkodra trough river Bojana. All Venetian governors were ordered to help besieged city. According to Venetian reports in July Shkodra was besieged by 50,000 Ottoman soldiers who were supported by heavy artillery.
At the beginning of 1474 the whole region around Shkodra, including the abandoned Baleč, came under Ottoman rule. According to some sources the Ottoman sultan had intentions to rebuild Podgorica and Baleč in 1474 and to settle them with 5,000 Turkish families in order to establish an additional obstacle for cooperation of Crnojević's Zeta and besieged Venetian Shkodra.
During their 1474 campaign Ottomans damaged Alessio and razed Dagnum castle.
Triadan Gritti was appointed as Venetian captain general instead of Pietro Mocenigo. Gritti led the Venetian fleet of six galleys which sailed early in May 1474 to protect the coast of Albania Veneta and especially the mouths of river Bojana. When Venetian fleet entered Bojana the Ottoman forces attempted to block it by clogging the mouth of Bojana with a cut tree trunks, just like Serbian voivode Mazarek did during Second Scutari War. Gritti returned his fleet down the river and destroyed Ottoman forces on 15 June 1474. Despite all of his efforts, Gritti was not able to deliver to Scutari all goods his fleet carried because many of his ships were trapped in the shallow waters of Bojana near Sveti Srđ.
When Gritti joined Mocenigo in Shkodra and they both ordered to Leonardo Boldu to find Ivan Crnojević and to urge him to mobilize as many of his men as possible to help Venetians during the Siege of Shkodra. Boldu was also ordered to transport Crnojević's cavalry and infantry over the Skadar Lake. Ivan Crnojević had important role in the defense of the Shkodra because he provided connection with Kotor and supplied the city trough Žabljak or Skadar Lake, fighting simultaneously against strong Ottoman forces. He transported men and woods from Kotor over the hills into Žabljak where he built fustas which surprised Ottomans at Skadar lake. During whole summer Ivan Crnojević participated in military actions. He controlled the Skadar lake with three fustas and 15 smaller ships, which was very important because Venetian fleet (composed of 34 larger ships and about 100 smaller) was unable to sail further than Sveti Srđ. Boldu was able to reach the besieged city from Žabljak thanks to the ships of Ivan Crnojević. The crew of Venetian ships together with stratioti from Greece joined the defenders in the besieged city and, according to some Venetian reports, their total number reached 25,000.
After the discovery of the treason committed by Andreas Humoj, a member of Humoj family, during the Siege of Shkodra Gritti sentenced him to death and had him executed by a man from Tuzi.
Between 7,000 and 20,000 Turkish soldiers are reported to have been killed, and approximately 3,000 civilians from Scutari died of thirst and hunger. In the siege, the outer walls were damaged significantly. The citizens rebuilt the walls in anticipation of a stronger Ottoman attack later. The Ottomans did return in 1478 to conquer Shkodra.

</doc>
<doc id="36735859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735859" title="Iota Reticuli">
Iota Reticuli

Iota Reticuli (Iota Ret, ι Reticuli, ι Ret) is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.97. It is approximately 331 light years from Earth.
Iota Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 80.9 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 12,300 and 25,100 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Iota Reticuli came closest to the Sun 883,000 years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 4.08 from a distance of 212 light years.

</doc>
<doc id="36735861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735861" title="Shizuo Imaizumi">
Shizuo Imaizumi

Shizuo Imaizumi (今泉鎮雄), born 1938) achieved a 7th dan in Ki Society aikido. He broke away from the Ki Society in 1987 and founded the Shin-Budo Kai style of aikido.
Early Aikido Career.
Imaizumi sensei first started training in aikido in April 1959 during his days as a student at Waseda University in Tokyo. He went to training sessions at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo which was located near the Waseda Campus. It was there he first met Morihei Ueshiba, (Ōsensei), during one of his aikido demonstrations.
In 1965, Imaizumi became an apprentice to the teaching staff, "shidoin", at the Hombu Dojo. He would often serve as uke, for Ueshiba during his early morning classes.
First visit to the United States.
During his time at the Hombu Dojo he frequently trained under Koichi Tohei and became one of his supporters. This was a time of increasing tensions between several high-ranking instructors of the Hombo Dojo and the head instructor Koichi Tohei, starting with the death of Morihei Ueshiba in 1969 and culminating in Tohei's departure from the Aikikai in 1974. During that time in spring of 1972 he was instructed by Tohei, who was still serving as head instructor at the Hombu Dojo, to travel to Los Angeles in the United States to teach aikido and ki-principles under Roderick T. Kobayashi Sensei, who was the chief Instructor of the Western States Aikido Federation at this time. During his stay there he would tour the immediate Western Area of the US, teaching regular classes and spread Tohei's ki-principles.
Ki no Kenkyukai.
Imaizumi returned to Japan after three months in California and served as an instructor at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo until 1974, when he joined Koichi Tohei in his breakaway from the Aikikai and the creation of Shin Shin Toitsu Aikido (Ki-aikido). Imaizumi and Tohei spent 1974 and early 1975 with the consolidation of the new Ki-aikido organisation and its new holdings.
Second visit to the United States.
In June 1975, he was once again instructed by Tohei to travel to the United States as an ambassador of Ki-aikido, this time to New York, to help organise and run the dojos which had earlier joined Toheis new organisation. Before this, however, he would first accompany Tohei on a tour of the US new Ki-aikido dojos, more specifically in the Honolulu, Chicago, Philadelphia (and finally) New York regions. Tohei would later continue on to Boston alone to hold seminars while Imaizumi remained in New York to get things in order. Shiuzo held his first Ki-aikido class on the evening of July 22.
New York Ki Society.
This new organisation was composed of Ki-aikido dojos in New York and was named New York Ki Society with Imaizumi becoming the Chief Instructor. On June 1, 1980 he was officially assigned the post of Chief Instructor for the Ki Society in the United States for a period of three years. After the three years had expired he nominated Koichi Kashiwaya, then the Chief Instructor of the Boulder Ki Society in Colorado, for the position of Chief Instructor for the United States. Imaizumi retained his title of main instructor for the New York Ki Society.
Resignation and later return to Aikido.
In September 1987, Imaizumi resigned from the Ki no Kenkyukai and martial arts in general, in order help with the management of the family business. During his time away from aikido he kept in touch with several of his former students of the ki-dojos in the US. Many of these students, scattered around the US in New Mexico, New York and Texas, had by now left the Ki no Kenkyukai and founded their own independent dojos throughout the US. They were unanimous in their wish for the return of Imaizumi. Since the situation was stable with his family business, Imaizumi was able to return to the US and resume his aikido career in April 1988.
He did not return to his old position in New York, but assembled a group of independent ki-aikido dojos under a new organisation called Shin-Budo Kai. The organisation was officially created on October 1, 1988. Shin-Budo Kai is independent of both the Aikikai and Ki no Kenkyukai with Imaizumi serving as Chief Instructor. Shin-Budo Kai's emphasis is on knowledge provided not only by aikido, but on other martial arts and in Genkido; ki-exercises with the aim of teaching the student to fully understand the "True Martial Way" and the "way of cultivating one's body". Shin Budo Kai is headquartered in New York City, NY.
References.
Suenaka, Roy. "Aikido Complete". Tuttle Publishing, 1997, p. 70
Murayama, Koretoshi. "Aikido with Ki". Kodansha International, 1984, p. 207
Kohen-Haskins, J. (August 2012). Training in New York. "JS Magazin, 20-23".

</doc>
<doc id="36735865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735865" title="Lehar Region">
Lehar Region

The Lehar (Serer & Laalaa : Laah or Laa, other variants : Lâ or Léhar) is a Region in the western part of Senegal, located in north of Thies. 
The Lehar has around 18 villages including : Baam, Bapat, Bargaro, Bësia, Bicoona, Duuñë, Gogon, Haak, Jalkin, Jëëfuñ, Joy, Kaadaan, Kii, Kolobaan, Pambaal, Sowaaboon, Tuubi and Yindën. It is inhabitted by the Serer people particularly the Laalaa people (a sub-group of the Serers). Their language Laalaa is closely related to Noon (the language of the Noon people). The Catholic congregation of Ursulines was established there in 1981.
History.
Close to the pre-colonial Kingdom of Baol, this region was ruled by the Joof family for several centuries. In the 13th century, Maad Ndaah Njemeh Joof was the king (Maad) of Laah. Many of his descendants went on to hold this title including his grandson Maad Patar Kholleh Joof (the conqueror and Teigne of Baol). The Joof family that had ruled the pre-colonial Kingdoms of Sine and Saloum from the 14th to the 19th century comes from the line of Patar Kholleh.

</doc>
<doc id="36735877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735877" title="Peploe">
Peploe

Peploe is a surname which is shared by:

</doc>
<doc id="36735889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735889" title="Kappa Reticuli">
Kappa Reticuli

Kappa Reticuli (Kappa Ret, κ Reticuli, κ Ret) is a binary star in the constellation Reticulum, with an apparent magnitude of +4.71. The primary component is a yellowish white F-type subgiant. It is approximately 70 light years from Earth.
The star's age is estimated to be 1.8 billion years but is certainly no less than 1.5 billion years and no greater than 2.1 billion years. The iron abundance of Kappa Reticuli is -0.1 (79.4% of the Sun). It is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 56.4 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 18,700 and 27,300 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36735901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735901" title="Romantic Island">
Romantic Island

Romantic Island () is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film set in Boracay, Philippines.
Plot.
Six Koreans from Seoul travel separately to the Philippines: a middle-aged couple on their first trip overseas with the terminally ill husband plotting to kill himself while on holiday so his unsuspecting wife can claim an insurance payment; a convenience store clerk who meets a runaway pop star; and a happy-go-lucky office worker who gets hired as a tour guide by a rich businessman who came to pay his respects to his estranged dead father.

</doc>
<doc id="36735911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735911" title="Charles Clifford (photographer)">
Charles Clifford (photographer)

Charles Clifford (Wales, c. 1820 — Madrid, 1 January 1863) was a Welsh photographer based mainly in Spain.
Clifford, known mostly for his daguerreotype, calotype and wet plate collodion images of scenes from around Spain, he was, together with the French photographer, Jean Laurent, one of the leading photographers of his day in Spain.
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert are known to have purchased some of Clifford's Spanish photographs in 1854, and in 1861, he published two volumes, containing a series of 159 prints commissioned by Queen Victoria, Prince Albert, the King and Queen of Spain, the Emperors of France, Russia and Austria, the Duc de Montpensier, among others.
Although known mainly for his collections of photographs of landscapes, monuments and public works, he was commissioned to carry out a portrait of Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle (her notes in her Journal for 14 November 1861 state she was ‘dressed in evening dress, with diadem & jewels’ and was ‘photographed for the Queen of Spain by Mr Clifford. He brought me one of hers, taken by him’. It was possibly one of the last portraits taken of the queen wearing a colour), and was also named Court Photographer to the Queen of Spain, accompanying her on the royal tour of Andalucia in 1862.
Biography.
Not much is known about his early life, but by November 1850, he was running a photographic portrait gallery in Madrid.
He is buried in the British Cemetery in Madrid.
Works.
Most of the original copies of his works are held at the Biblioteca Nacional de España, the Palacio Real de Madrid and the Museo del Prado, but some are also to be found in the Museo Municipal de Madrid, the Museo Frederic Marès in Barcelona, and the archives of Universidad de Navarra.

</doc>
<doc id="36735912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735912" title="Vansittart">
Vansittart

Vansittart is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735918" title="Square the Circle (Mami Kawada album)">
Square the Circle (Mami Kawada album)

Square the Circle (stylized as SQUARE THE CIRCLE) is the fourth studio album by J-pop singer Mami Kawada. It was released on August 8, 2012 by Geneon Universal Entertainment. The album includes thirteen tracks which includes her singles "No Buts!", "See Visions" and "Serment".
The album came in a limited CD+Blu-ray edition (GNCV-1030) and a regular CD-only edition (GNCV-1031). The limited edition also includes the music videos of "Hishoku no Sora", "Seed" and "Portamento".

</doc>
<doc id="36735939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735939" title="Vänskä">
Vänskä

Vänskä is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36735947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735947" title="Cities in Motion 2">
Cities in Motion 2

Cities in Motion 2 is a 2013 business simulation game that was developed by Colossal Order and published by Paradox Interactive and is the sequel to the popular mass transit simulation game Cities in Motion.
As with its predecessor, "Cities in Motion", the goal of the game is to create efficient public transport systems in different major cities of the world. In this edition, there are several new features that the developers introduced based on community feedback about the previous game, including day/night cycles, rush hours and the ability to create timetables. The additions also include dynamic cities where players' decisions have a notable impact on city growth, and the inclusion of cooperative and competitive multi-player.
Linux.
Cities in Motion 2 was long time awaited to come to Linux. In January 2013 the first signs of possible Linux support appeared as Paradox Interactive's developer Shams announced they'll be porting their titles to Linux where possible. In this game's forum, in the Linux thread, he responded to Linux users hails saying: "Technically moving from Mac to Linux is "easy" - we will be making Linux a priority as go along. So sooner or later all games where it's technically/financially feasible to do Linux will see linux support.".
Later, in April, it was announced that the Colossal Order developers have other priorities, but they are looking into porting Cities in Motion 2 to Linux.
At the end of 2013's summer holidays, the same developer announced on reddit they'll be porting Cities in Motion 1 and 2 to Linux. Finally, after months of silence, Colossal Order announced Linux support on January 3, 2014.
Reception.
Cites in Motion 2 received mixed reviews. It holds a Metacritic score of 72 (based on 15 reviews), with many critics citing the game's lack of a smooth interface and steep learning curve as the two biggest problems.

</doc>
<doc id="36735948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735948" title="Sultan Ahmed (director)">
Sultan Ahmed (director)

Early life.
Sultan Ahmed who was famous for his films on dacoits hails from a Maulana family who were landlords based in Lucknow. Sultan Ahmed's grandfather was a very famous Persian poet & his father also belonged to the same field. Sultan's paternal uncle – Wajahat Mirza was the writer of one of the greatest Hindi movies, Mughal-e-Azam.
Career.
Sultan Ahmed started his career as a chief assistant to K Asif on Dilip Kumar – Madhubala starrer Mughal-e-Azam. Sultan Ahmed also assisted K Asif on his other movies like Love and God & Sasta Khoon Mehenga Paani. Sultan Ahmed had this fascination for dacoits and was known for movies based on them. In his career, he directed actors like Amitabh Bachchan, & Shatrughan Sinha, for movies like Ganga Ki Saugand & Heera respectively.
Sultan Ahmed also founded Sultan Productions which is now headed by his wife – Farah Sultan Ahmed. Farah has been elected an E.C Committee member of IMPPA between 2002 & 2008. Farah has big plans of reviving the banner with several prestigious projects.
Death.
He is survived by two sons Ali Akbar Ahmed, Ali Abbas Ahmed and wife Farahdeeba.
Filmography.
Sultan Ahmed's first film, Heera featured Sunil Dutt, Shatrughan Sinha & Asha Parekh. The music was scored by Kalyanji-Anandji and was declared a silver jubilee at the box office. After this movie, Sultan Ahmed signed Amitabh Bachchan & Rekha for Ganga Ki Saugand. The movie was released in 1978 and explored the subject of untouchables. In 1989, Sultan Ahmed directed Daata starring Mithun Chakraborty, Padmini Kolhapure & Shammi Kapoor. In 1995, Sanjay Dutt starrer Jai Vikraanta was released with music from Anand-Milind. Sultan Ahmed's glorious life as a filmmaker saw his wonderful association with music legends Kalyanji Anandji.
Producer.
Reyasat 1993
Achievements and awards.
Sultan Ahmed received the first award for his film Heera from Uttar Pradesh Film Journalist Association (U.P.F.J.A.) in 1973. Later in the year 1979, Sultan Ahmed received a certificate of merit for Ganga ki Saugand from Tashkent, Russia. Sultan Ahmed was also awarded K. Asif Memorial Award for "Big Thinking" from Bombay Film Awards Association for the year 1982 – 83. Punjabi Kala Sangam award was presented to Sultan Ahmed by the President of India Shri. Gyani Zail Singh for Daata.
From the year 1990 to 1994, Sultan Ahmed served the country's oldest & renowned association of film producers – Indian Motion Picture Producers Association (IMPPA) as Senior Vice-President and later was elected unanimously as President of IMPPA for the years 1994 to 1998

</doc>
<doc id="36735959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735959" title="Clare Peploe">
Clare Peploe

Clare Peploe (born 1942) is a screenwriter and film director. She is the sister of Mark Peploe. Since 1979 she has been married to director Bernardo Bertolucci.

</doc>
<doc id="36735963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735963" title="Mehmil">
Mehmil

Mehmil is a 1972 film starring Shiv Kumar and Farah. It was produced and directed by Bibhuti Mitra with music by Ravindra Jain.

</doc>
<doc id="36735966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735966" title="These Re-Imagined Machines">
These Re-Imagined Machines

These Re-Imagined Machines is a remix album by American electronic musician BT, composed of remixed versions of songs from his album "These Hopeful Machines" by various artists. The album was released on May 20th, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36735972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735972" title="Rubik's family cubes of all sizes">
Rubik's family cubes of all sizes

The original Rubik's cube was a mechanical 3x3x3 cube puzzle invented in 1974 by the Hungarian sculptor and professor of architecture Erno Rubik. Extensions of the Rubik's cube have been around for a long time and come in both hardware and software forms. The major extension have been the availability of cubes of larger size and the availability of the more complex cubes with marked centres. The properties of Rubik’s family cubes of any size together with some special attention to software cubes is the main focus of this article. Many properties are mathematical in nature and are functions of the cube size variable.
Definitions.
In the main, the terminology used here is in agreement with what is in general use. Elsewhere, some terms are used with different meanings. To avoid misconceptions, the meaning of most terms in use in this article is defined below.
Cube types.
Hardware cubes.
Hardware (physical) cubes are based on the original size 3 cube invented by Erno Rubik in 1974. These cubes usually use colored stickers on the facelets for cubie identification. The size 3 standard Rubik’s cube gained peak interest in the 1980s and was closely followed by the size 4 (Rubik's Revenge) cube. Other, usually more recently available, hardware forms of the cube come in size 2 (Pocket Cube), size 5 (Professor's Cube), size 6 (V-Cube 6) and size 7 (V-Cube 7). Lesser known hardware cubes of larger sizes have also been produced.
Software cubes.
In parallel with the hardware form of the cube there are many software forms available that obey the same rules as the hardware forms. Software cube emulators are not subject to the physical restraints that impose a size limit on the hardware forms. Hence the only really big cubes available are those in software form. Also, unlike the hardware forms, a range of cube sizes can easily be accommodated by the one program. The design characteristics of programs that allow users to unscramble cubes vary considerably with such features as the capability to allow the user to save a partially unscrambled state being often available.
Software cubes were in use in the 1980s when monochrome monitors were in common use. The lack of color meant a different way of face identification was required. A program that retained 1980s monochrome capability (using numerals 1 to 6 to identify facelets) for cubes in the size 2 to 11 range was produced in 1991 (together with color capability in the size 2 to 15 range). More recently developed software cubes use colored facelets as for hardware cubes.
The most common, but by no means universal, approach is to emulate the cube by providing a "three-dimensional" display of the cube that makes it look like a real hardware cube. A drawback of the "three-dimensional" display is that, without some extra enhancements, the state of parts of the cube for any given view is hidden.
Other interactive software approaches that do not emulate a three-dimensional cube are also used by some programmers. Generally, an aim of such approaches is to allow the state of all cubies to be in view all the time but has the disadvantage (for some viewers) that the display does not appear like a real-world cube. A conventional two-dimensional (unfolded) display with all cube elements appearing of equal size is one approach. Another form of display where all cube elements do not appear of equal size is also in use. The upper cube size limit for software cubes is limited by the monitor’s available pixels and what viewers find as acceptable which, in turn, is a function of their visual acuity. For cubes of large size it can be advantageous to allow a portion of the cube to be scrolled out of view.
All emulators provide a means for the user to change the cube state step-by-step and unscramble the cube. Most emulators use mouse movements to control the rotation of the cube elements, others use keyboard commands, and some use a combination of both.
Software cubes present some major capabilities that are not possible with hardware cubes. Instant return to the set state is always available. If the program allows a partially unscrambled state to be saved then, by regularly updating the saved state, users need not despair if they do something that leaves their cube in a mess. They can return to their previously recorded state and continue from there. The bigger the cube the more helpful such a capability becomes.
Some Freeware large cube (size greater than 10) implementations are available.
Rules for Rubik’s family cubes.
A cube is solvable if the set state has existed some time in the past and if no tampering of the cube has occurred (e.g. by rearrangement of stickers on hardware cubes or by doing the equivalent on software cubes). Rules for the standard size 3 Rubik's cube and for the complete Rubik's cube family have been documented. Those rules limit what arrangements are possible and mean that, of the possible unrestricted cubie arrangements, the number that are unreachable far outnumber those that are reachable.
Cubes of all sizes have three mutually perpendicular axes about which one or more layers can be rotated. All moves for the cube can be considered as a sequence of quarter-turn rotations about these axes. The movement possibilities give rise to a set of rules (or laws) which in most cases can be expressed in analytical terms.
For a cube of size "n":
Every cube move can be considered as a permutation. The relationship between the cube state after a move with that before a move can be expressed mathematically using Group Theory to quantify permutations. Since every move can be considered as a sequence of quarter turn rotations, it is appropriate to examine what is involved in a quarter turn rotation. Except for the absolute centre cubie for odd size cubes, during the quarter turn the cubies move in separate four-cubicle trajectories (also referred to as a 4-cycle movement since four quarter turns will restore the cubies in the specified trajectory to their original positions). A quarter turn of a 4-cubie set can be represented by three swaps as indicated below where swap 1-2 means the contents of cubicle 1 is swapped with the contents of cubicle 2, etc.
</table>
The parity of a permutation refers to whether that permutation is even or odd. An even permutation is one that can be represented by an even number of swaps while an odd permutation is one that can be represented by an odd number of swaps. An odd permutation followed by an odd permutation will represent an overall even permutation (adding two odd numbers always returns an even number). Since a quarter turn is made up of a number of 4-cycles each involving three swaps, if the number of 4-cycles is odd, overall parity of the quarter turn permutation will be odd and vice versa.
Quarter turn permutation parity for a size "n" cube is given in the following table.
Summarising the above parity results we conclude:
The above analysis considered the parity for corner (where applicable), edge and center cubies combined. It is possible to consider these in isolation and when that is done an even combined quarter turn parity will involve a number of odd parity elements.
Standard cubes (i.e. cubes with unmarked centres) of any size greater than 3 behave exactly like the size 3 cube if only outer layer rotations are permitted. Parity rules dictate that, for cubes of odd size, the swapping of the two cubies in a single edge set requires a change in the position of centre cubies. It can be shown that, for the size 4 cube the swapping and inverting of the two complementary cubies in a single edge set can be achieved without any change in the position of any other cubies. It can also be shown that, for cubes of even size 6 and above, the swapping of the two cubies in a single edge set requires a change in the position of centre cubies.
A permutation as used here takes account of the change in the positions of cubies, not any change in their orientations. For the 24 edge cubie sets (made up of 12 complementary pairs) there is no restriction on position. Orientation is set by position and cannot be changed independently of position.
Corner cubies behave the same for cubes of all sizes. They have three possible orientations made up from a combination of 1/3 twists where a full twist (about an axis drawn from the cube corner to the cubie's internal corner) returns the corner cubie to its original orientation. If we designate a unit clockwise twist by 1/3 and a unit counter-clockwise twist by -1/3, then the twist possibilities for a corner cubie relative to any given initial state (the set state for example) are 0, 1/3 and -1/3. The sum of the twist increments across all corner cubies must always be an integer (0, 1 or 2).
When inner layer rotations are included for cubes of size greater than 3, some of the edge cubie movement limitations mentioned above no longer apply. These are expanded on in the Final layer problems section.
Cubie position and orientation are of special concern when unscrambling the final layer. Edge cubies must always end up in exactly the same positions they occupied in the initial set state before scrambling. If any edge cubie in a given edge set in the final layer has a wrong orientation (only applicable to cubes of size greater than 3), it must be in a wrong position and will need to be swapped with a complementary edge cubie also having wrong orientation. With everything else in place, corner cubies can be in the right position but two or more can have incorrect orientation. For standard cubes of size greater than 3, there is a negligible possibility that centre cubies (other than absolute centre cubies for cubes of odd size) will occupy the same positions they had in the initial set state (assuming the centre cubies are unmarked).
Both even and odd size cubes with either marked or unmarked centres obey the rule: "Any permutation that results in only a rearrangement of centre cubies in 24 cubie orbits must have even parity".
If permutations of facelets rather than cubies are considered then both position and orientation of cubies will be taken into account. For software cubes, the states (six color possibilities) of the 6n2 facelets (in a 6 x "n" x "n" array for instance) is what would allow complete information on cube state to be saved for later use.
A cube of any size that is subject to repeats of the same permutation will eventually return to the state (e.g. the set state) it occupied before the first application of the permutation. The number of times that a permutation has to be applied to first return the cube to its initial state is referred to as the order or the cycle length of the permutation and is applicable to cubes of all sizes. An overall permutation that results in no change of state is referred to as an Identity Permutation. A program that allows permutation cycle length of any size cube to be determined is available and sample cycle length results have been documented. For a given permutation, cycle length can vary according to:
The parity of an Identity Permutation is always even. That result for cubes of odd size is obviously true since every quarter turn has even parity. The result is less obvious for cubes of even size. For cubes of even size if the scrambling permutation relative to the previous set state is odd, then any permutation to solve the cube must also have odd parity and vice versa.
The generalized number of possible states for a size "n" cube is considered in the Reachable states for cubes of all sizes section.
Cube solving.
Solving by people.
Cube solving involves starting with a scrambled cube and applying step-by-step layer rotations to eventually end up with a solved cube. For cubes with unmarked centres that means all faces would need to appear in uniform colour. For cubes with marked centres a unique arrangement of all center cubies in addition to the uniform colour requirement would need to apply. Since the starting point is always different, there can never be a unique set of rotations that can be applied to solve a cube. Usually, people work through the solution with the possible use of algorithms, mainly in the latter stage of the unscrambling. In theory, it is possible for a person to write a computer program that "thinks" like a human and solves the cube without human intervention (refer to the Solving by computer program section).
The aim of most software cube emulators is to provide a means for the user to interact with the program to solve (unscramble) the cube in a similar manner to the way they would unscramble a hardware cube.
Efficient rotation sequences (algorithms) can be developed using Group Theory permutation mathematics. However, there are many references to the relevant rotation sequences required to solve cubes of small size (refer to some for size 3, 4, and 5 cubes) and there are multiple approaches to what steps that can be used. There is no such thing as a wrong way to solve a cube. The steps involved in solving any cube of size greater than 4 are fairly straight forward extensions of those required to solve size 3 and size 4 cubes. However, there is limited availability of generalized instructions that can be applied for solving cubes of any size (particularly the large ones). Generalized guidance on one way of solving standard cubes and cubes with marked centres of all sizes is available.
Anybody who can solve a size 4 cube should be able to solve cubes of larger size provided they accept an increased time-to-solve penalty. Software design features, unavailable in hardware cubes, can simplify the cube solving process. For a given set of cube design features the complexity (difficulty) of solving a Rubik’s family cube increases if the number of reachable states increases. Three main properties affect that number:
Additional algorithms to assist users to solve the size 3 and to solve any size cube with marked centres have been defined.
Large cube issues.
Large cube emulators claimed to cater for cubes up to and beyond size 100 are available. Irrespective of what upper size limit is claimed, available pixels (that vary according to the monitor in use) and the user's visual acuity are going to impose practical limits on the maximum cube size that a person can handle.
As indicated in the Rules for Rubik’s family cubes section, total number of cubies is {6("n" − 1)2 + 2} and the number of centre cubies is 6("n" − 2)2, where "n" is cube size. For large size cubes the number of centre cubies becomes very dominant as indicated below.
It follows that placement of centre cubies will become increasingly more significant than the placement of other cubies as cube size is increased. The time to solve a cube will rise dramatically with cube size. For example there are about 24 times as many cubies to place in a size 16 cube than there are in a size 4 cube. If the average time to place a cubie were the same in both cases, that factor of 24 in time would also apply. The 24 factor is likely to be an under-estimation because the presence of a large number of cubies makes it more difficult (and time-consuming) to identify what belongs where.
Providing a software program that allows the state of cubes of big size to be changed is not much more difficult than doing the same thing for cubes of small size. However, solving big cubes is a much more demanding and time-consuming task than doing the same for small cubes. Therefore, it is likely that most really big software cubes that are available have never been solved.
Identifying the exact locations to look for cubies (mainly the quadruple centre cubie sets) is a major issue for big cubes. Use of a secondary marker grid can ease identification. For example, a marker grid to form 4x4 segments for a size 16 cube (16 such segments per face) could be used.
A common set of six cubie colours adopted for both hardware cubes and software cubes comprises white, red, orange, yellow, green and blue. This colour set may be non-optimum for software cubes of large size where the number of pixels per cubie is small. For instance the differentiation between white and yellow may be problematic. Reducing the number of colors in the red to blue range from five to four and adding violet (the colour at the extreme of the
visible spectrum) produces a colour set that may be considered more suitable for cubes of large size. Some software cube implementations allow users to change the default colour set if desired. This is a useful addition for users whose colour perception is at variance with the norm.
Solving by computer program.
Cube solving by computer program (as distinct from the normal way people solve a cube) for small size (e.g. size 3) cubes has been developed. Claims are also made for computer solving of large size cubes. Note that if one applies a scrambling sequence to a set cube, and then applies the reverse of the scrambling sequence, an unscrambled cube will always result. Also any known scrambling sequence applied to a set cube and repeated a sufficient number of times (cycle length) will restore the cube to the original set state. It is likely that one of these approaches is used for "computer solving" of cubes of large size.
Final layer problems.
A "final layer problem" is defined here to mean a need for a rearrangement of final layer edge cubies that cannot be achieved using standard size 3 cube moves. These are often referred to as parity problems or errors, but such terminology may be misleading. If moves were limited to those available to the size 3 cube, such states would be unreachable (break parity rules). There are numerous variations in the way the final layer problems are presented and the algorithms to resolve them, but the correction requirement will be similar to that described below. The problems considered here apply equally to standard cubes and to those with marked centres but in the latter case additional final layer issues arise for aligning centre cubies. The problems for larger cubes can be considered as straight forward extensions of those that apply to the size 4 cube. Basically, two types of problem can arise:
OLL and PLL as used here can be considered to be sub-sets of the usual definitions of these terms. There are many references to moves that can be used to resolve these problems. Fewer references demonstrate how these moves satisfy parity rules. From a parity perspective, there is a need to consider the rearrangement of centre cubies which is not readily observable in cubes with unmarked centres. Only OLL parity compliance will be illustrated here.
A typical OLL correction for a size 9 cube is shown. The cubies shown in color are the only ones in the cube that change positions.
For the OLL correction there are ("n" − 2) centre cubie swaps and overall there are ("n" − 1) swaps when the edge pair is included. For odd size cubes ("n" − 1) is always even (and conforms with the universal even parity requirement for odd size cubes). For even size cubes ("n" − 1) is always odd which means in this case a parity reversal always occurs, an allowable parity condition for even size cubes.
For the complete edge set flip (a requirement that can arise only for cubes of even size), the number of swaps will be ("n" − 1)("n"/2 − 1). The overall number of swaps will be even if ("n"/2 - 1) is even (i.e. "n"/2 is odd). The overall number of swaps will be odd if "n"/2 is even. Hence overall parity will be even if "n"/2 is odd and odd if "n"/2 is even.
The parity of a given algorithm can, of course, also be deduced from its content using the rules detailed in the Rules for Rubik’s family cubes section.
For standard cubes the rearrangement of centre cubies to resolve the OLL and PLL problems is unimportant. For cubes with marked center cubies the effect of this rearrangement of these cubies is a serious drawback. For cubes with marked centres it is not possible (except for the size 4 cube) to align all final layer centre cubies until all edge cubies have been placed in their final positions.
Algorithms.
Instructions for people on how to solve Rubik's type cubes are normally conveyed either in purely graphical form or as sequences defined using a printable character notation. A character sequence that can be translated and applied to perform a sequence of layer rotations to transform a given state to another (usually less scrambled) state is often referred to as an algorithm. Algorithms are most commonly used when unscrambling the latter portion of the cube but can be applied more extensively if desired. Algorithms can be written down as instructions that can be memorized or looked up in a document. The printable characters used (e.g. to indicate an anticlockwise quarter turn, a single layer quarter turn or a multiple layer quarter turn) in algorithm instructions vary among authors as does their positions in the instructions. Where people interpret instructions the way they are presented is insignificant. The only time the form of presentation has significance is when computer keyboard entry is used to change the state of software cubes, and automatic updating of the screen image occurs whenever a valid instruction is received. For example if F′ is used to represent an anticlockwise quarter turn of the front face then, as the user types in F, a clockwise quarter turn will occur and a correction will be needed when the user types the ′ character. The end result will still be correct but use of −F rather than F′ would eliminate the superfluous rotation. Any text enhancements, such as superscripts or subscripts, must be avoided in the method of presenting cube rotation sequences when users communicate with software cubes via keyboard commands. When computer keyboard entry of instructions is used, macros (which map a short input text string to a longer string) can be used as algorithm shortcuts.
Time to solve cubes.
Speedcubing (or speedsolving) is the practice of solving a cube in the Rubik's cube family in the shortest time possible (which usually implies reducing the number of quarter turn moves required). It is most commonly applied to cubes of small size and there are numerous solving methods that have been documented. An international team of researchers using computer power from Google has found every way the standard size 3 Rubik's cube can be solved and have shown it is possible to complete the solution in 20 moves or less for any initial scrambled state (where a move here is defined as a quarter or a half turn of a face). Generally, speed solving methods apply more to specialist cubists than typical cubists and are more complex than simple layer-by-layer type methods used by most other people.
Reachable and unreachable states for cubes of all sizes.
If a cube has at some previous time occupied the set state, then any state that can arise after legal moves is considered to be a reachable state. For small size cubes (size 2, 3 or 4) an unreachable state is one that cannot be reached by legal moves. For larger cubes there needs to be some further qualification on what is meant by an unreachable state. In this article notional movement between 24-cubie orbits for edge and for centre cubies is excluded.
Relationship between reachable and unreachable states.
If, for a cube of any size, "m" represents the number of reachable states, "u" represents the number of unreachable states and "t" equals their sum:
Both "m" and "k" are functions of cube size "n". Values for "m" and "k" will be considered in the following sections. In other texts "reachable states" are often referred to as "permutations".
Reachable states for cubes of all sizes.
The number of reachable states is based on:
The number of different states that are reachable for cubes of any size can be simply related to the numbers that are applicable to the size 3 and size 4 cubes. Hofstadter in his 1981 paper provided a full derivation of the number of states for the standard size 3 Rubik's cube. More recent information sources that adequately justify the figures for the size 3 and size 4 cubes are also available. References that indicate the number of possible states for a size "n" cube are available. The brief material provided below presents the results in the form used in one of these references which covers the topic in far more detail.
For cubes with unmarked centre cubies the following positive integer constants (represented by P, Q, R and S) apply. These constants are in agreement with figures frequently quoted for the size 3 and size 4 cubes.
Note: ! is the factorial symbol (N! means the product 1 × 2 × ... × N).
The value of S may warrant a word of explanation as it is commonly inferred that the number of possible states for centre cubies with identifying markings for a size 4 cube is 24!. Use of that value is guaranteed to yield the wrong answer if cubes with marked centres are under consideration. The first 20 cubies can be arbitrarily placed giving rise to factor 24!/4!. However, for each possible arrangement of edge cubies, only half the 4! hypothetical arrangements for the last four are reachable. Hence the correct value for the cube with marked centres is 24!/2. If the markings are removed, then a "permutation with some objects identical" applies. For the standard cube the marked cube value needs to be divided by (4!)6/2 (the 2 divisor must also be applied here). That gives an overall S value for the size 4 cube of 24!/(4!)6. All states for 24-centre-cubie orbits for standard Rubik’s family cubes are reachable (if required, even parity is always achievable by swapping the positions of a couple of centre cubies of the same colour).
For even size cubes Q"a" = 1.
For further simplification, parameter "m" may also be expressed as "m" = 10 "y" where
"y" = log10"m". Parameter "y" can be related to "n" by a continuous quadratic
function subject to the restriction that "n" must be an integer greater than 1 when referring to possible states for cubes:
In graphical terms, when y is plotted, two parabolae of exactly the same shape are involved, with "even" cube values lying on one and "odd" cube values lying on the other. The difference is imperceptible except when plotted over a small range of "n", as indicated in the graphs reproduced below. Only Rubik’s family values for "n" equal to 2 and 3 are included in the second graph.
Use of the log function "y" provides the only practical means of plotting numbers that vary over such a huge range as that for the Rubik's cube family. The difference between the curves translates as a factor of 505.08471690483 (equal to R0.5S0.25/Q). This is the factor that defines the effect of even size, relative to odd size, on the number of reachable states for cubes with unmarked centres.
Hence, with the logarithmic presentation the number of cube states can be expressed using just four irrational (non-integer) numbers (A, B and the two C values). Furthermore, the number of cube states form a restricted set of values for a more general continuous quadratic (parabolic) function for which "n" can have non-integer and negative values. Calculating the value of "m" from the corresponding value of "y" is a straight forward process.
Centre cubies are different from corner or edge cubies in that, unless they have indicative markings, there are multiple possibilities for their final orientation and/or locations. The number of different ways centre cubies can be arranged to yield a solved cube with unmarked centre cubies may be of interest. To calculate that, the impact of centre cubie marking needs to be assessed. Define "m"M, QM and SM to be the changed parameters for marked centre cubies (P and R remain unchanged).
Parameter "m"M defines the number of reachable states for cubes with marked centres. Factor "m"D gives the number of different arrangements of unmarked centre cubies that will provide a solved size "n" cube. It is also the factor by which the number of different states for a standard cube needs to be multiplied by when marked centres apply.
Unreachable states for cubes of all sizes.
The number of unreachable states far exceeds the number of reachable states. There are many references to the number of unreachable states for the size 3 cube but very few for larger size cubes.
The unreachable arrangements for corner and edge cubies are the same for cubes with or without marked centers.
If a corner cubie for cubes of any size is considered, then a 1/3 twist clockwise leaving everything else unchanged will represent an unreachable state, and similarly for a 1/3 twist counter-clockwise. Hence only 1/3 of the twist possibilities are reachable.
For the central edge cubie for odd size cubes the behaviour is the same as that for the size 3 cube. Only half the conceivable positions are reachable and only half the conceivable orientations are reachable. Hence only 1/4 of the central edge cubie movement possibilities are reachable.
Edge cubies that comprise 12 complementary pairs (24 cubies total) behave as if the complementary cubies did not look the same. Any given edge cubie can move to any position in the 24-cubie orbit but for any given position there is one reachable and one unreachable orientation for that cubie. The reverse applies for the complementary edge cubie. For a given cubie (1-2) the reachable and unreachable orientations for a given face for a given orbit for a size 8 cube is illustrated below. One of the 24 reachable possibilities for a given edge cubie matches that of the set cube.
The number of unreachable states for a 24-edge-cubie set is the same as the number of reachable states (24! in each case).
In the case of the marked centre cubies only half the conceivable arrangements for each set of 24 cubies for any given orbit are reachable. The same parity rules that apply for marked centre cubies also apply for the unmarked centre cubies. A quarter turn of a set-of-four centre cubies cannot be achieved without changing the arrangement elsewhere to meet the parity requirement. Because there are 95551488 ways of arranging the individual centre cubies so that the resulting arrangement appears exactly the same, parity rules can be met without any observable indication of how the parity compliance is achieved. Hence, for the normal case (24 cubies comprising four of each of six colors) there is no restriction on the achievable states for the centre cubies.
The following table uses the values noted above to represent the "k" component factors for the size "n" cube. Exponents "a", "b" and "c" are functions of cube size "n" as defined above.
Taking the product of these factors:
Some values for cubes of small size are given below.
The number of unreachable states is given by ("k" - 1)"m" for standard cubes and by ("k"M - 1)"m"M for cubes with marked centre cubies.

</doc>
<doc id="36735982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36735982" title="Poonam Ki Raat">
Poonam Ki Raat

Poonam Ki Raat is a 1965 film starring Manoj Kumar, Nandini, Shiv Kumar, 
and Kumud Chhugani. It was produced and directed by Kishore Sahu. The music was written by Salil Chowdhury with lyrics by Shailendra.
Plot.
Chandan is rushing to his home-town from Bombay to be beside his long-ailing father, Lala Baijnath, whose illness has suddenly taken a turn for the worse. Chandan's college friend, Prakash (Manoj Kumar) accompanies him. Reaching the outskirts of the town, Prakash is shocked to learn that the mansion he is visiting is haunted and Lala Bahinath, is suspected by the town of having murdered a beautiful young woman on the day of full moon. It is believed that the spirit of the murdered woman, Rani haunts the mansion to this day and Prakash is left curious as well as intrigued. Prakash meets Chandan's sisters, Jyoti and Nandini but before a love triangle acquires any dimensions, the unexpected happens. Prakash, in the dead of the night, begins to hear a woman's voice singing and soon Prakash is captivated by the charms of an elusive spirit, Rani. With Lalaji's nurse murdered and every relative wanting a stake in the property, things take a dark turn where no one can be trusted and everyone is a suspect. What shocking secrets does the mansion and its inhabitants hold? Who murdered the nurse? Will Prakash solve the mystery of the haunting or will he become a pawn in a sinister scheme?

</doc>
<doc id="36736023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736023" title="Ben Claassen III">
Ben Claassen III

Ben Claassen III is a comics artist and illustrator originally from New Orleans, Louisiana who frequently works with non-traditional media such as stencils, long exposure photography, and the use of stop-motion animation via a Game Boy Camera. He is best known for his illustrations in Wil Wheaton's first book, "Dancing Barefoot" and for his weekly comic strip, "Dirt Farm", which has survived tough economic times via Claassen's policy of allowing papers to run the comic even if they can no longer afford to pay for it. "Dirt Farm" runs in several alternative weekly publications, including "Washington City Paper", "Baltimore City Paper", the "Chicago Reader", and the "Chattanooga Pulse".
A near-graduate of Louisiana State University, Claassen currently spends his time working on DIRTFARM, travelling, keeping a daily comic journal, and working freelance as an illustrator / graphic designer.
In addition to his other work, Claassen illustrates and maintains Killoggs.com, a web-based community for "displaced and disaffected Southern artists, animators, writers and wage slaves".

</doc>
<doc id="36736028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736028" title="Vanstiphout">
Vanstiphout

Vanstiphout is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736036" title="Mail pouch">
Mail pouch

A mail pouch or mailpouch is a container for mail, designed to transport first-class, registered mail, domestic mail and military mail. It is made of a stronger material ("e.g.", canvas) than mail sacks ("e.g.", plastic) and is designed to lock at the top with a mechanism system consisting of special closely spaced eyelets and a strong strap to secure the top where access into the bag is closed off and locked, where a mail sack does not have these features.
U.S. Postal Service.
First-class mail.
In U.S. Postal Service (USPS) usage, first-class mail that would be carried in a mail pouch is mail sealed against postal inspection. An example of first-class mail is a typed letter or one written by hand. It must weigh less than 13 ounces.
Registered mail.
Registered mail that would be carried in a mail pouch is mail that is within a certain length and width, regardless of thickness. Registered mail can be insured up to $25,000 for a certain premium fee. There is no limit on the value of an item sent in by registered mail. Registered mail is closely guarded and given maximum security like in handling with a locked mail pouch.
Military mail.
Military mail that would be carried in a mail pouch is mail ultimately handled by the Military Postal Service (MPS), which is an extension of the United States Postal Service. Many times it is mail provided outside of the contiguous United States.
Domestic mail.
Domestic mail that would be carried in a mail pouch is mail that would be ultimately delivered to United States territories and possessions ("e.g.", Army Post Offices (APOs), fleet Post Offices (FPOs), and the United Nations, NY). The United States Postal Service defines "territories and possessions" in its Domestic Mail Manual (DMM) as being American Samoa, Manua Island, Swains Island, Tutuila Island, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Commonwealth of the Rota Island, Saipan Island, Tinian Island, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, St. Croix Island, St. John Island, St. Thomas Island, Wake Atoll, and Wake Island. Mail originating in the United States and going to or coming from the Freely Associated States is treated as domestic mail. These are the Marshall Islands, Ebeye Island, Kwajalein Island, Micronesia, Kosrae Island, Pohnpei Island, Yap Island, Palau, and Koror Island.
Diplomatic pouches.
Diplomatic pouches are outside the control of the U.S. Mail. Thus, once a package is delivered to the U.S. State Department for inclusion in a Diplomatic pouch, the Postal Service considers it to have been delivered to the addressee, who then has the risks and responsibilities for its care and contents.
U.S. traveling postal service.
Closed-pouch and express-pouch service.
According to a 1903 U.S. government report there was also a closed-pouch and express-pouch service associated with the U.S. traveling mail service. The report says that the number of clerks traveling in cars and boats was 10,555 and they traveled 235,114,604 miles. When added the closed-pouch and express-pouch service, the total amount of miles traveled by clerks was 344,892,127.
Through-registered pouches.
"Through-registered pouches" are used in "through-registered service" of registered mail between post offices where hand-to-hand receipts can be obtained through the entire mail route of a Railway Post Office. 
Only certain Post Offices are designated "through-registered-pouch-offices". These pouches handle registered mail and have locked inner sacks within them. 
"Through-registered pouches" were not only made of canvas, but had several thick staples at the top where a long leather strap passed through and locked for extra security. These pouches that transported registered mail between large cities were made with leather bottoms for extra strength.
Other mail pouch systems.
Private mailbag.
Some countries use a so-called Private Mail Bag (also known as a "locked bag") which addresses a worldwide need for specialized mail delivery to single location, and are used for delivery to particular customers, such as corporations or governmental agencies. This is in lieu of a Post Office Box. Some locked bag customers have individualized corporate postal codes. Like PO Box addresses, Private Mail Bag addresses omit the name of the building and street, and include only the number allocated to the user. Private Mail Bag addresses are often used in countries in Africa where there may be no street delivery service. In Europe and North America, where street delivery is more commonplace, large users may be allocated their own postal codes, and consequently need only use their physical address in correspondence; the postal code implies that the recipient receives mail by caller service. See M-bags, also called "Direct Sacks", which are large bags used for surface based shipment of large or heavy items to a single address.
Mailbags are considered to be part of the postal system and are protected by law; interference with them can be the subject of criminal prosecution.
Mail pouches in popular culture.
The form of the bag inspired the form and container of the West Virginia Mail Pouch Tobacco, which was featured on the ubiquitous Mail Pouch Tobacco Barn. This barn advertisement was created for the Block Brothers Tobacco Company. About 20,000 Mail Pouch barns spread across 22 states in the 1960s. The advertisements were popular enough to have fostered spin off mementos and memorabilia, including a Mail Pouch thermometer.

</doc>
<doc id="36736070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736070" title="Palestine at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Palestine at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

The Palestinian Territories competed as Palestine at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
The country was represented by two athletes, both in field events in athletics. Khamis Zaqout, a wheelchair athlete, competed in the discus, javelin and shot put. He had been described as Palestine's "best hope for a Paralympic medal in London". Mohammed Fannouna, who is partially sighted, competed in the long jump; he won a bronze medal in the 2004 Paralympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="36736074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736074" title="Chellata (film)">
Chellata (film)

Chellata (Kannada: ಚೆಲ್ಲಾಟ) is a 2006 Kannada film directed by M. D. Sridhar and produced by Pradeep and Jagadish under the "Bhoomi Productions" banner. The film starred Ganesh, Rekha Vedavyas and Devaraj in pivotal roles. The soundtrack was composed by Gurukiran.
The film is a remake of the Malayalam "Pulival Kalyanam" (2003) that starred Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan. The film opened to positive reviews from critics and performed well at the box-office.

</doc>
<doc id="36736078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736078" title="Kichijōji Music Festival">
Kichijōji Music Festival

The is a music festival held annually around Golden Week in Kichijōji, Musashino, Tokyo, Japan. It is commonly known by the abbreviated name "kichion" (吉音）。
History and Outline.
The festival was begun in 1986, as part of a revitalization scheme for Kichijōji, . At first, the direction of the festival changed every year. In order to unify the planning of the event, after several surveys, starting in the festival's fifth year, 1990, jazz was made the festival's focus.
In the festival's 17th year, 2002, the festival underwent a renewal, aimed at further increasing the local activities of Kichijōji. Since then, with the four elements of , "Superstage," "Park concert" and "Jazz concert" as its core, the festival has been held during Golden Week every year.
The main events and outdoor events are free, but some parts, such as the Old Sound Contest and Jazz Contest are not free.
Event details and locations.
Folk singer Wataru Takada, who dearly loved Kichijōji played on this venue before his death in 2005. Other notable performers who have performed on the Superstage include Ren Osugi, Shiro Sano, Chiyuki Asami and Naoto Kine. 

</doc>
<doc id="36736079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736079" title="Calocera viscosa">
Calocera viscosa

Calocera viscosa, commonly known as the yellow stagshorn, is a jelly fungus, a member of the Dacrymycetales, an order of fungi characterized by their unique "tuning fork" basidia.
It has bright orange, yellow or occasionally white branching basidiocarps, which are somewhat gelatinous in texture and slimy to the touch (hence the specific name). It is relatively large for a jelly fungus, and can reach up to ten centimetres in height. It is widespread and common, and its bright colour makes it stand out in its habitat. It grows on decaying conifer wood, typically stumps and roots, although this may not be obvious if the wood is covered in leaf litter. It fruits throughout the year, but is most commonly seen in autumn.
It is not poisonous, but its tough gelatinous texture and nondescript taste and odour make it unattractive as a food. Its striking colour has led to it being used as a garnish on occasion, however.

</doc>
<doc id="36736083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736083" title="Varun Dhawan">
Varun Dhawan

Varun Dhawan (born 24 April 1987) is an Indian actor working in Bollywood films. The son of film director David Dhawan, he studied Business Management from the Nottingham Trent University, England, after which he worked as an assistant director to Karan Johar on the 2010 drama "My Name Is Khan". Dhawan made his acting debut with Johar's 2012 romantic comedy "Student of the Year", a box office success, for which he received a Filmfare nomination for Best Male Debut. In 2014 he starred as the protagonist of the commercially successful comedy film "Main Tera Hero".
Early life.
Varun Dhawan was born on 24 April 1987 in Mumbai to film director David Dhawan and Karuna Dhawan. He is the younger brother of director Rohit Dhawan, who made his directorial debut with the 2011 film, "Desi Boyz". He is also the nephew of actor Anil Dhawan and is the cousin of actor Siddharth Dhawan. He has a degree in Business Management from the Nottingham Trent University, United Kingdom.
Career.
Prior to his acting career, Dhawan worked as an assistant director to Karan Johar on his directorial "My Name Is Khan" (2010). Two years later, Dhawan made his acting debut with Johar's romantic comedy "Student of the Year" alongside Sidharth Malhotra and Alia Bhatt. He was cast as Rohan Nanda, the teenage son of a rich businessman, who competes with his girlfriend (played by Bhatt) and best friend (played by Malhotra) to win an annual school championship. Film critic Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama reviewed: "Varun is excessively talented, supremely confident and hardly look like first-time actor. Photogenic, charming and self-assured,shine in his respective role, enact his part with gusto. Varun is a talent one can't help but marvel at. In fact, Varun is here to stay!" CNN-IBN's Rajeev Masand added: "It’s Varun Dhawan who stands out with a confident, charming turn, able to tackle both comical and vulnerable scenes with ease". "Student of the Year" was a financial success, grossing domestically.
Dhawan's second release was the comedy "Main Tera Hero" (2014), a remake of the Telugu film "Kandireega", which was produced by Balaji Motion Pictures and directed by his father. He played Sreenath "Seenu" Prasad, an impetuous brat, who is in love with Ileana D'Cruz's character but is forced to marry the character played by Nargis Fakhri. Raedita Tandon of "Filmfare" reviewed: "his movie belongs to Varun Dhawan. From the very first frame, Varun has your undivided attention. He may not be Govinda but his comic timing is impeccable. Especially, for a one-film old actor. Screen presence, acting chops; Prabhudheva like dancing skills, this boy has it all." Mohar Basu of Koimoi added that Dhawan was "an amalgamation of the best attributes of Govinda and Salman Khan, mostly the faultless expression and the impeccable comic timing. Barely two films old, this guy is already a superstar in making and what a fascinating one at that." "Main Tera Hero" proved to be a box office success with worldwide earnings of .
As of April 2014, Dhawan is filming "Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania", a romantic comedy from Dharma Productions, alongside Alia Bhatt. He has also signed on for two other projectsa sequel to the dance film "" opposite Shraddha Kapoor, and Sriram Raghavan's revenge drama "Badlapur" in which he will play triple roles, including that of a 60-year old man, alongside Yami Gautam, Huma Qureshi and Nawazuddin Siddiqui 
Other work.
Alongside his acting career, Dhawan performs on stage and has co-hosted two award ceremonies. In 2013, he performed at the Filmfare, Screen, and Stardust award ceremonies, and at an event in Hong Kong. He hosted the 2013 Stardust Awards ceremony with Sidharth Malhotra and Ayushmann Khurrana, and a segment of the 59th Filmfare Awards. He was also part of the 20th Screen Awards, co-hosting the show alongside Shahrukh Khan and Richa Chadda. In 2013, Dhawan performed at a special event alongside Malhotra, Alia Bhatt, Aditya Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor and Huma Qureshi to raise funds for the flood-affected victims of Uttarakhand.

</doc>
<doc id="36736098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736098" title="Rocco van Straten">
Rocco van Straten

Rocco van Straten (born 30 March 1991, Nieuwegein) is a Dutch snowboarder. After finishing 4th in the big air competition at the World Championships 2011 he was moved up to bronze when silver medaillist Zach Stone was disqualified for doping.

</doc>
<doc id="36736099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736099" title="Catcher pouch">
Catcher pouch

A catcher pouch was a mail bag used by Railway Post Offices of the nineteenth century and the early twentieth century. Its use was limited to exchanges onto moving trains. The specially constructed catcher pouch was grabbed by the catcher mechanism in the passing railway car and the catcher pouch would release from the holding rings on the mail crane. This technique was known as "mail on-the-fly". Starting in the 1870s the use of this technique of the Railway Mail Service was an important issue in the United States. It was a popular technique and the backbone of the United States Postal Service through the 1930s.
Mail on-the-fly technique.
When the mail clerk of the Railway Post Office car grabbed the catcher pouch on the mail crane he would at the same time kick out the outgoing mail for delivery to that village. The idea behind the catcher pouch was that there could be an exchange of mail to villages too small to justify the train stopping. The complete transfer technique (tossing out the outgoing mail a second before grabbing the catcher pouch) required much skill and potentially could cause harm or even death for those not trained properly. Another reason why the catcher pouch and mail crane were developed is so the train did not have to slow down just for the exchange of mail (Old School method).
The mail on-the-fly was not a smooth operating technique. One problem with the technique was that the postal clerk had to pay close attention when he raised the train's catcher arm. If it was raised too early there was a chance of hitting and destroying switch targets, telegraph poles, and railway semaphore signals, as well as the train's mail catcher arm. If the clerk was too late in raising the train's catcher arm, he might miss the catcher pouch altogether.
In the United Kingdom as early as 1855 an apparatus for snatching mailbags on-the-fly and delivering mail without stopping a train was in use at Slough, England. It continued in service until 1939.
Nineteenth century regulations.
Catcher pouches could not be used for any other purpose. The catcher pouch was to be used only for letters (sometimes newspapers were an exception). The maximum weight of a filled catcher pouch was to be 50 pounds. The catcher pouch was to be locked and placed upside down on the mail crane no sooner than 10 minutes before the scheduled arrival of the Mail Train. The catcher pouch was to be tied in the middle before it was to be transferred. If a small amount of mail, it should be put in the lower half below the tie strap. If a large amount of mail, it should be divided equally between the upper half and the lower half of the catcher pouch.
Construction.
The catcher pouch is a specialized form of sack made of an extra tough canvas material and had metal rings on each end so they could attach to the arm of a railway mail bag crane. The body of the pouch was strengthened by leather bindings both at the top and bottom. A Registered Mail pouch came also with a leather bottom and had a special postal lock to secure the contents. A leather strap was secured around the center of the canvas body of the catcher pouch when it was readied to be snatched by a passing train's mail hook.

</doc>
<doc id="36736105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736105" title="Parker Steel">
Parker Steel

Parker Steel is a steel merchant with its headquarters in Canterbury in the southern English county of Kent. It operates principally across southern England.
Founded in 1904 by John Parker in Canterbury, Parker Steel began as an ironmonger (hardware) store in Canterbury City Centre at 11 The Parade. In 1923 John Parker was joined by his son, also called John, in the company, and it became John Parker and Son Ltd. A third generation of the Parker family, David Parker, joined the company in 1950, and remains Chairman of the company today. His nephew, Guy Parker, has also joined Parker Steel, and is its Managing Director.
In 2007 Parker Steel bought Yeowart Steel Stockholders, based in Crawley in Sussex,
The company also operates a tool hire business and a car sales dealership on behalf of Mitsubishi Motors, and sponsors local events including the annual Canterbury Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36736110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736110" title="Mail bag">
Mail bag

A mail bag or mailbag is a generic term for a type of bag used for collecting, carrying, categorizing, and classifying different types of postal material, depending on its priority, destination, and method of transport. It is oftentimes used by a post office system in transporting these different grades of mail. The "mailbag" is carried by some means of transporting like a mail carrier, animal ("e.g.", mule, horse), or a mobile post office. Letters and printed material delivered by mail in the seventeen-hundreds were carried by horse in a saddle bag. There are several different types of "mailbags" for different purposes ("e.g.", transporting mail to and from post offices, delivering mail to businesses and homes. These different styles of mailbags depend on its size and purpose. It can range from "a large bag used for transporting mail on a truck, plane, etc." to a simple "postbag" used by a mail carrier to deliver mail.
The idea of having "mail bags" on board ships traveling between Jamaica and Great Britain was established as early as 1780. The name of the ship carrying a letter was put on the corner of the letter so that it would be put into the proper "mail bag" for the destination intended.
A "mailbag" throughout the United States history has been called various names depending on its form and function at the time, some of which are now obsolete. Among these names are mail sack, mail satchel, mail pouch, catcher pouch, mochila, and portmanteau.
Private Mail Bags or so-called "Locked Bags" are a worldwide solution for specialized mail delivery to a single location. Like PO Box addresses, Private Mail Bag addresses omit the name of the building and street, and include only the number allocated to the user. Private Mail Bag addresses are often used in countries in Africa where there may be no street delivery service. In Europe and North America, where street delivery is more commonplace, large users may be allocated their own postal codes, and consequently need only use their physical address in correspondence; the postal code implies that the recipient receives mail by caller service. Private mail bags may be in lieu of a Post Office Box, but sometimes can go so far as to have an individualized corporate zip code.
Types.
The U.S. National Postal Museum says that any bag that carries mail ("e.g.", letters, magazines, advertisement brochures, packages) is defined as a "Mailbag". A " mailbag " is called a "postbag " in England. The form and structure of mailbags has implications for fatigue and industrial injuries to mail carriers.
Mail sacks.
A mail sack is a lower security class mailbag used to carry second-class, third-class, and fourth-class mail. It does not have a locking mechanism with it.
Mail satchel.
A mail satchel is a device letter carriers use over-the-shoulder for assisting the delivery of personal mail to businesses and homes.
Mail pouch.
A mail pouch is a strong material ("e.g.", canvas) mail bag designed to lock at the top to prevent access into the bag. They are usually used for transporting First-class and registered mail to and from different post offices. Mail pouches also carry military domestic and military airmail.
Catcher pouch.
A catcher pouch was a mail bag used only by the Railway Post Office in exchanging mail when the train did not stop at the town. It was most popular in the late nineteenth century and the early twentieth century.
Mochila.
A mochila was a removable lightweight leather cover put over a horse saddle for carrying mail and was used by the Pony Express.
Portmanteau.
A portmanteau was a traveling suitcase used as a mailbag in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries to carry both letters and newspapers. When it opened it had two different compartments, one for letters and the other for newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="36736111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736111" title="Lifehouse International Church Hong Kong">
Lifehouse International Church Hong Kong

Lifehouse International Church Hong Kong is a Cantonese and English speaking church located in Mong Kok, Hong Kong.
It is a Hillsong Network church and belongs to the Lifehouse International Church Global movement, under the leadership of Rod and Viv Plummer in Japan.
Lifehouse International Church is Pentecostal church associated with the Australian Christian Churches (Assemblies of God in Australia). 
History.
In 2009 Lifehouse International Church Tokyo adopted a small church in Hong Kong which then became Lifehouse International Church Hong Kong. In June of 2011, Richard Welsh moved from Tokyo to Hong Kong to pastor the church under the leadership of Rod and Viv Plummer. Richard Welsh is a credentialed minister with the ACC.
In June of 2013, Lifehouse International Church Hong Kong opened its permanent venue in Mong Kok occupying the whole of the 11th floor of the Win Century Building on Mong Kok Road. The newly renovated church facility has a modern auditorium with super wide screen and seats up to 200 people. Childrens programs are also run throughout Sunday morning services.
Church Services.
Lifehouse International Church Hong Kong has completely bilingual services in English and Cantonese, including bilingual songs and live translations of every part of the service. There are three weekly church services including one at 11AM and one at 2PM every Sunday, and a 1 hour service at 7:30PM every Wednesday Night. All services are run in English, and Cantonese. The church is located very close to Exit A2 of Mong Kok MTR station, on the Kowloon-side of Hong Kong. It now has over 150 people attending services every week.
Lifehouse Kids.
Lifehouse Kids is a childrens program that is run during the Sunday morning service. Child minding facilities are also available during the 2pm service for those parents who wish to attend a Lifegroup after the 11AM service.
Kingdom Builders.
Kingdom Builders is the Lifehouse 'ministry of giving'. It is a monthly event aimed at those who want to give above their tithe, and channel financial resources into two main areas; within the church (projects, building fund), and outside the church (missions, church planting). Topics discussed often relate to living out Christianity practically in the market place.

</doc>
<doc id="36736117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736117" title="Rafael Farfán">
Rafael Farfán

Rafael Nicanor Farfán Quispe (born 28 December 1975) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a defender. He currently plays for Sport Huancayo in the Torneo Descentralizado. He is the brother of Roberto Farfán and
uncle of Jefferson Farfán.
Club career.
Rafael Farfán developed as a player in the Defensor Lima youth academy.
In 2002 he joined Estudiantes de Medicina. There he made his Torneo Descentralizado debut on 14 July 2002 playing as a forward in Estudiantes' 2–0 win over Alianza Atlético. 
He joined Sport Huancayo in January 2010.
International career.
He received his first cap for the Peru national team on 16 August 2012 at the age of 36. His debut was a friendly match away to Costa Rica and finished in a 0–1 win for Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36736128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736128" title="Mail sack">
Mail sack

A mail sack or mailsack is a mail bag used to carry large quantities of mail.
Different handling and security requirements for different classes of mail is integral to the postal rate structure, and is tied to regulation and rates for the mail under the auspices of the postal rate commission.
A "mail sack" is not a locked bag since they need little security. In contrast to a similar "mailbag" referred to as a mail pouch (for more sensitive mail such as personal letters and military mail) that employs a locking mechanism on the top of the bag. A "mail pouch" has special closely spaced eyelets and a strong strap to secure the top where access into the bag is closed off and locked, where a "mail sack" has none of these features.
During World War I it was typical of German soldiers to write postcards to their family to keep in touch to let them know where they were and what they were doing. The various ultimate destinations of the postcards were sorted into German "mail sacks" of that time period (1914-1918) by behind the scenes "post-office troops."
In the United Kingdom, the term "mail sack" is more expansive and generic, and typically involves larger bags that contain mail destined for one destination.
A Singapore judge held that mail sacks are considered to be part of the postal system and are protected by Chinese law; interference with them can be the subject of criminal prosecution.
United States Postal System.
Second-class mail.
Second-class mail that would be carried in a "mail sack" is periodical publications issued at stated intervals and is issued a minimum of four times a year. This type of mail must have a date of issue and a consecutive numbering system. It also must have a real office where the publication comes from that is open during normal regular hours of business. The printed matter can not be stenciled, mimeographed or through a hectograph process. Second-class mail must be publications for distributing information of a public character ("e.g.", literature, sciences, industry information). The people that receive this second-class mail must be subscribers that are on some sort of list or in a customer database.
Third-class mail.
Third-class mail that would be carried in a "mail sack" is printed material weighing less than 16 ounces. Examples are circulars that are not of a personal nature (e.g. mass general public advertising, direct advertising mailing campaigns). Other third-class mail that would be carried in a "mail sack" is bulk mail that is presorted individually addressed letters that come in quantities of at least 50 pounds or mailings of over 200 pieces.
Fourth-class mail.
Fourth-class mail that would be carried in a "mail sack" is printed material weighing over 16 ounces. An example would be library books transferred through the Interlibrary loan system.
M-bags, also called "Direct Sacks".
A special type of mail sack is one that is used to transport bulk mail, particularly printed matter, to a single recipient at a single foreign address. There is no minimum weight, and the maximum is a tare weight of 66 lbs. An M-bag is 4 feet tall and 36 inches in diameter. Every piece of mail in an "M-bag must be marked 'Postage Paid - M-bag.'" This type of shipping is especially prized by book stores and peace corps volunteers. It is an economical and secure way to move a lot of mail over a great distance on the surface (not air mail). Plans to discontinue this service met with opposition. In August, 2007, subsidized rates were drastically curtailed. This gave rise to "complaints from everyone from scholars to record-album collectors - all of whom bemoan the loss of subsidized rates for research and educational (which includes entertainment) materials." See Private Mail Bag.
Foreign mail sack.
A mailbag used to transfer mail to a country other than the United States is defined as a "foreign mail sack". The normal design is that the top is closed with a drawstring like a leather strap. It is sealed using a lead seal (not a lock as in a mail pouch). 
Australian post pickup service.
Australia has pre-paid mail sack service within the country. A person buys a pre-paid "satchel" (mail sack) to put mail into. The "satchels" (mail sacks) can be bought in bulk (sets of 10) for further discount. The sizes are 500 gram, 3 kg, and 5 kg. The "satchel" (mail sack) full of mail is then placed into an Australian red post box at certain street locations for pick-up. The "satchels" (mail sacks) can also be taken to the nearest post office for processing, especially if it is too big to fit through the opening of the street red post box. Certain paperwork must be filled out, especially if it is going by airmail. A proof of mailing is available with an additional fee paid at the post office (Australian retail outlet). There is an online tracking tool available for this pre-paid mail sack service.
New Zealand international mail.
New Zealand International Air Satchel is a discount service for the transport of large amounts of international mail from New Zealand. The mail is put into blue mail "satchel" bags (a type of mail sack provided by the New Zealand post office) and has free pick-up service available. The delivery of this international mail service from New Zealand is projected to be 3 to 10 working days. The discount service applies if a shipment of international mail is 100 New Zealand dollars or more. The requirements for this discount international mail service is that it must be over 50 international airmail letters or a set of small packages with a total mail fee cost of over 100 New Zealand dollars. The packages must be under 2 kg each. International airmail letters must weigh under 200 grams each, otherwise they are charged as a parcel package. If certain paperwork is filled out and pre-arrangements are made then a free courier pick-up service is available (1 per day).

</doc>
<doc id="36736130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736130" title="2012 Vietnam Open Grand Prix">
2012 Vietnam Open Grand Prix

The 2012 Vietnam Open Grand Prix was the ninth grand prix gold and grand prix tournament of the 2012 BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix. The tournament was held in Phan Dinh Phung Stadium, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam from August 20 until August 26, 2012 and had a total purse of $50,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36736149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736149" title="Mail satchel">
Mail satchel

A mail satchel is a type of mail bag that a letter carrier uses over-the-shoulder for assisting the delivery of personal mail on a designated route.
History.
Commonly referred to as "satchels," letter carriers used leather-over-the shoulder type mail bags on their delivery and collection rounds. This form of satchel was most popular in city delivery service and city collection service. It has been used from about the 1860s in the United States and from the late nineteenth century in other countries worldwide. The city collector's satchels have two handles off the top of the leather bag itself. As indicated hereafter, the materials were formerly leather, but have been transformed to lighter (but less durable) cloth.
Postal service by letter carriers.
In August, 1971, the United States Postal Service declared that when the existing stock of leather satchels was depleted, they would be replaced with canvas. The cited reason was the high price of "scarce" leather. The new canvas satchels also had a weight advantage, about 2 pounds, compared to the old leather mail bag's 4 pounds. The disadvantage of the new canvas satchels was durability, lasting about eighteen months before they had to be replaced, compared to a six year lifespan for the old leather satchel.
Beginning in 1978, the new U.S. canvas style satchel mailbag bore an escutcheon on the middle outward facing panel: the U.S. Postal service's left-facing eagle logo starting in 1978. In 1986, the left-facing eagle logo was changed to a right-facing eagle logo. The old style of a left-facing eagle logo was still in use through 1989. In August, 1996, the satchel was again modified: the old style logo of a normal winged eagle was replaced with a futuristic "sonic eagle" logo. Reflective glow in the dark stripes added in December 1996.
In October, 1997, a new double satchel was added to the tools used by U.S. letter carriers. Its advantage was that it would more equal weight distribution to prevent shoulder, back and neck strain. Its disadvantage was that it was a hindrance to defense from charging dogs. The preference to many letter carriers is the traditional single satchel where they are free to fend off dogs ("e.g." pepper spray usage).
As one might expect, the form and structure of mail satchels has implications for fatigue and industrial injuries to mail carriers.
Satchel hand carts, mail trolleys, mail bikes, and Segways.
A U.S. "satchel cart" (caddy cart, container cart), United Kingdom "mail trolley" (postman's cart) or the European / Asian "mail bike" is an accessory tool for letter carriers of cities to assist their normal everyday over-the-shoulder heavy "mail satchel". This type of accessory is used to cut down on return trips to the postal vehicle to collect or drop off mail. In Britain, mail trolleys are controversial, and viewed as a threat by some to the viability of bicycles, which use a form of satchel bag. A "mail trolley" is used in the United Kingdom in addition to bikes for the "postmen". It is also an employee safety feature because the cart is carrying the load, which could be up to 70 pounds, where a hand over-the-shoulder "mail satchel" for letter carriers carries up to 35 pounds of mail.
Postmasters authorize the use of satchel carts on certain the routes that would justify its use. Satchel carts carry two "mail satchels" that each would carry 35 pounds. Postmasters consider the following factors in assigning satchel carts:
The typical "satchel cart" used by United States Postal Service is a four-wheeled cart with its mailbags that has a collapsible handle and front wheel brakes. It was used by the letter carriers in the late twentieth century and into the twenty-first century.
The future for mail carrying in some parts of the world may be represented by the Indian Postal Service's attempt to develop and deploy an electric rickshaw. It has been suggested as a way to replace bicycles in India with vehicles that will enable carriers to travel farther and carry more at a lower cost. The "Soleckshaw" is "specifically suitable as a light delivery vehicle, for delivery of post, parcels and other postal services both in urban and rural areas."
It has been observed that the general trend in mail deliveries is a decrease in letter volume and an increase in the number and size of packages; bulk and weight increased so mail delivery methods had to be changed as a result. In one intracampus mail system, it was found that the use of Segways decreased emissions. "Increasingly heavier trays were leading to workplace accidents, exhaustion and dissatisfaction." Segway PTs fitted with custom mail bags, a derivative of the over-the-shoulder personal mail satchels, were seen as a cure for the postmen for many of these problems.
Letter carriers in the United Kingdom are instructed to use mail "trolleys" to prevent injuries from heavy shoulder satchels, and to not use bicycles.
Below is a gallery of pictures showing various worldwide mail push carts, mail trolleys, mail bikes, and mail Segways:

</doc>
<doc id="36736162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736162" title="Portmanteau (mail)">
Portmanteau (mail)

A portmanteau (, ; plural "portmanteaux" or "portmanteaus") was a traveling bag (suitcase style) used as a mailbag. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, both newspapers and letters were transported in these leather mailbags that opened into two sections.
Etymology.
The Middle French word "portemanteau" is "porter" (to carry) plus "manteau" (coat, mantle) put together. A court official carried the robes of a king in a "portmanteau" (traveling bag). The "portmanteau" had two hinged compartments and hence this idea of "two" carried over into early America.
History.
English merchant Thomas Witherings established mail routes throughout Europe in the 1620s. He drew up a proposition in 1635 for an English mail system based in London in which "portmanteaux" (containing 2 leather bags lined with cotton) could travel to European towns with sealed bags of mail for protection against spies. The system was put into motion and some 26,000 letters mailed safely unopened between London and European towns each week.
In the nineteenth century the "official portmanteau" was used to carry the mail (two items: letters and newspapers) on New England stagecoaches that traveled the post roads. Before 1789 newspapers were mostly excluded from the mail and the "official portmanteau". After the 1st United States Congress (1789-1791) the postmaster general allowed printers free postage to communicate reports and articles of newspapers with other publishers in other towns and cities to distribute Congressional information. This came about because of complaints to Thomas Jefferson. Congressmen then mailed issues of Congressional newspapers to their home districts. The congressional privilege was expedited using a special signature or marking called franking which allowed this free postage for their newspapers and other mailings.
These Congressional newspapers allowed for a great number of newspapers accessible to local newspapers about news from Congress. The post rider's dependable "official portmanteau" delivery system could be used then which gave the newspapers a good chance of arriving. Before this the newspapers were carried outside the "official portmanteau" by the post riders and had a small chance of completing their journey.
The Postal Service Act of 1792 legally allowed Congressional newspapers into the mail system postage free: 
Despite this, postal officers often still did not allow newspapers to be carried in the "official portmanteau" with the regular mail. Where the mail was carried by post riders at the time, then the newspapers had to be light and able to fit in the saddlebag or else they were likely to be left behind because they would be too much of a load for the rider. Post riders carried "official portmanteau" horse leather saddlebags that carried the mail, that contained Congressional newspapers, on their horse’s backside, which were locked and could only be opened by an authorized postal person. This procedure came about because of constant complaints of personal mail being previously opened before arrival. The letters and newspapers were divided into two separate canvas or linen bags and placed inside portmanteaux for distribution.
In the nineteenth century the portmanteau mailbag (French term: "grand sac des malles") was used on the postal route from Fredericton, New Brunswick, to Amherstburg in Canada. The portmanteau mailbags were made of waterproof material such as a heavy leather. In some cases, the portmanteau mailbags were covered with tarpaulin cloth, India rubber and oilcloth to prevent water from entering.
The post office system was quite primitive in the beginning and had little organization. The mail was often carried from post office to post office in large portmanteau mailbags. The "official portmanteau" went from post office to post office and opened by the local postal official at his stop. The postal official then took out the mail that pertained to his local people (who came to the post office to collect their mail) and then passed it onto its next destination point, who's postal official did the same, until the end of the route. When the mail arrived at a local post office, the postal official would take the mail meant for his post office and pass on the rest of the mail without much care in handling. The portmanteau mailbag was then clumsily closed and sent to its next post office on route. In this haphazard handling of the portmanteau, mail would often get mutilated to the point where it was no longer readable. Sometimes mail was even lost on route. Due to the roads of the time being in less than desirable travel condition, mail was often delayed. The contractors and carriers took little care in handling the mail. On July 1 of 1836 the Postal Act of 1836 went into effect to improve mail delivery with the portmanteau mailbags.

</doc>
<doc id="36736170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736170" title="Malta at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Malta at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Malta competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
The country was represented by a single swimmer, Matthew Sultana, who received a wildcard invitation to the Games after he failed to achieve qualifying times. Sultana was provisionally classified as S10 (low degree of disability) by the Maltese Paralympic Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="36736173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736173" title="Pony Express mochila">
Pony Express mochila

A mochila (Spanish, pronounced [mo-chee-lah], for "knapsack", "pack", "pouch") is a removable lightweight leather cover put over a horse's saddle. In the nineteenth century, it was used as a mail bag by the Pony Express. The eighth-of-an-inch leather cover draped over the saddle on a horse. There were slits cut into the leather which allowed the saddle horn and cantle to protrude through.
Riders of the Pony Express made quick exchanges to new fresh horses, usually within a few minutes at each remount station on their route across the United States. The "mochila" was removed from the exhausted horse and swiftly placed over the saddle of the new fresh waiting horse that the relay station had for him.
History and usage.
The word "mochila" connotes the soft sheepskin leather.
Saddle bag mail pouches were never in use on the Pony Express system because of their unwieldiness. The normal large saddle bags were not adept to attaching to a saddle efficiently and would cause much delay when going from an exhausted horse to a fresh horse when the Pony Express rider switched horses at a station. In 1860 the Pony Express developed a fast mail delivery system using a special saddle mail bag cover called a "mochila" that made the Pony Express unique. The cover, which had 4 hard leather boxes to carry the mail, was quick and efficient when transferring from one horse to another. All the rider had to do was change this leather cover with the mail boxes over to a ready horse waiting for him at the station, which was usually done in under 2 minutes. If a horse was injured on the way from one station to another and not capable of further traveling, then all a rider had to do was to take the cover with its mail off the injured horse and walk to the next station to get a new horse. He then threw the cover onto the new saddled horse. The leather blanket cover was designed by Jay G. Kelley, another Pony Express rider. The saddles for the horses that traveled over the Overland Pony Express route were special and standardized, built by a saddlery firm owned and franchised by Israel Landis and sons.
Pony Express riders traveled about 100 miles at any one time. In this travel they would change horses every dozen or so miles. When he changed horses to a fresh new horse the rider would grab the "mochila" off the saddle of the exhausted horse and throw it over the saddle of the new horse at a remount station. This "mochila" saddle blanket cover the rider would then sit on. It had sewn to it certain pockets that were always locked. Only authorized people could unlock these attached pockets to retrieve the mail. This mail service was very expensive ("e.g.", 1-5 dollars per half ounce, an astronomical amount that only businesses could afford).
Pony Express adopted this "mochila" (a type of mailbag with 4 pockets to secure letters and mail) for their fast mail service. The saddles and "mochilas" were standardised and made the same so they would work from one horse to another. When full of mail and telegrams it weighed about 20 pounds. The rider would carry additionally a canteen of water, a gun, and a small bible which included the solemn loyalty oath he had to take as a precondition to becoming a rider. If a horse became injured beyond use or was killed, the rider would strip the "mochila" with its mail from the saddle and walk to the next relay transfer station.
The "mochila’s" mail pockets were called "cantinas", which were locked with a type of small padlock. Two cantinas were in front of the rider’s legs and two were behind the rider’s thighs. The letters were first covered with oiled silk so they wouldn’t be damaged by water or sweat and then placed into the "cantinas", which were then locked. Most Pony Express saddles and "mochilas" were made by Israel Landis’ shop in St. Joseph, Missouri. Israel made the entire saddle about one-third the weight of the ordinary Western saddle. The specially designed saddle with its mochila weighed less than 13 pounds.
No actual used Pony Express "mochilas" have survived. Replicas have been made for demonstrations like Buffalo Bill’s Wild West show and modern day reenactments.

</doc>
<doc id="36736179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736179" title="Wilton, Cork">
Wilton, Cork

Wilton is a suburb of Cork City. It is notable for being the site of Cork University Hospital, Cork's largest hospital. Other notable landmarks are Wilton Shopping Centre and St. Finbarr's Cemetery, which lies on the border between Wilton and Glasheen and is the resting place of many of Cork's most notable citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="36736192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736192" title="Japanese design law">
Japanese design law

Japanese Design Law is determined by the . Under this Act, only registered designs are legally protected, and it stipulates the procedure for obtaining a design registration in the Japan Patent Office. The protection for unregistered design is provided by .
English translation.
An official English-language translation of the law does not exist, but the Japanese Ministry of Justice's website, under the "Japanese Law Translation" section provides users with Japanese laws and their unofficial English translation. IP laws such as the Patent Act, Copyright Act, Trademark Act, Design Act and the Unfair Competition Prevention Act are included there.
In addition, the "Industrial Property Digital Library" (IPDL) offers the public access to IP Gazettes of the Japan Patent Office (JPO) free of charge through the internet.
Reliable information on Japanese IP law in English is also provided by the websites of the Intellectual Property High Court, Japan Patent Office, "Transparency of Japanese Law Project", European Patent Office, and the "Institute of Intellectual Property" (IIP) of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="36736219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736219" title="Sidharth Malhotra">
Sidharth Malhotra

Sidharth Malhotra (born 16 January 1985) is an Indian film actor and former model who appears in Bollywood films. At the age of 18, Malhotra began a career as a model. Dissatisfied with the profession, he quit and subsequently assisted Karan Johar on the 2010 film "My Name Is Khan". He made his acting debut with Johar's comedy-drama "Student of the Year" (2012), for which he received a Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut nomination. In 2014, Malhotra portrayed leading roles in two commercially successful filmsthe romantic comedy "Hasee Toh Phasee" and the thriller "Ek Villain".
Life and career.
Malhotra was born on 16 January 1985 in Delhi to Sunil, a former employee of the Indian Merchant Navy, and Rimmi Malhotra, a homemaker. He was schooled at Delhi's Don Bosco School and Naval Public School, and later attended the Bhagat Singh College. At the age of 18, Malhotra dabbled in modelling “just for fun and easy pocket money”; he performed several photo shoots and fashion shows but decided to quit after four years as he was dissatisfied with the profession. Interested to pursue an acting career, he successfully auditioned for a film to be directed by Anubhav Sinha. However, the film was shelved, following which he worked as an assistant director to Karan Johar on the 2010 film "My Name Is Khan".
In 2012, Malhotra made his acting debut with Johar's "Student of the Year" alongside Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt. He was cast as Abhimanyu Singh, a scholarship student of limited financial means, who competes with his wealthy best friend (played by Dhawan) to win an annual school championship. Film critic Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN considered Malhotra's performance to be "earnest", adding that he had "a pleasing presence." "Student of the Year" was a financial success, grossing domestically.
Malhotra was next paired opposite Parineeti Chopra and Adah Sharma for the romantic comedy "Hasee Toh Phasee" (2014), which tells the love story of a drug-abusing scientist and an under-confident aspiring businessman. Mohar Basu of Koimoi found his performance to be "restrained" and described his chemistry with Chopra as "lively" and "heartfelt"; Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV praised his screen presence and compared it to the early work of Amitabh Bachchan. The film performed moderately well at the box office, with global revenues of . His second release that year was the Mohit Suri-directed romantic thriller "Ek Villain". Malhotra was cast as Guru, a hardened criminal whose terminally-ill wife (played by Shraddha Kapoor) is murdered by a serial killer (played by Riteish Deshmukh). Shubhra Gupta of "The Indian Express" reviewed: "Sidharth Malhotra is watchable even if he has a hard time doing menace — he just seems so nice and wholesome all the time, even when he is crunching bones." The film was generally perceived to be plagiarised from the Korean film "I Saw the Devil", although Suri dismissed the allegations. The film eventually emerged as a major commercial success with domestic revenues of approximately in its first week. The box office performance of the film established Malhotra as one of the most successful among the new generation of Bollywood actors.
As of July 2014, Malhotra will star alongside Akshay Kumar in a remake of the Hollywood film "Warrior" (2011), to be directed by Karan Malhotra. He has signed on to play a superhero in Vikramaditya Motwane's social drama "Bhavesh Joshi", and will also feature in another film produced by Balaji Motion Pictures as part of his non-exclusive two-film contract with them.
In the media.
In 2013, Malhotra performed at a concert in Hong Kong alongside his "Student of the Year" co-stars Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt. He co-hosted the 2013 Stardust Awards ceremony with Dhawan and Ayushmann Khurrana, and also hosted a segment of that year's Filmfare Awards ceremony. Also in 2013, Malhotra performed at a special event alongside Dhawan, Bhatt, Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor and Huma Qureshi to raise funds for the flood-affected victims of Uttarakhand. He also shot for a PETA advertisement to create awareness about dogs.
Malhotra was ranked 12 in "The Times of India" "50 Most Desirable Men" listing of 2012. He was also voted as the most good looking debutant of 2012 by a UK poll. Malhotra is the first man to feature twice on the cover of Men's Health India.
Awards and nominations.
Other honours.
Modelling Awards

</doc>
<doc id="36736226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736226" title="Jan Jiskoot">
Jan Jiskoot

Johannes "Jan" Jiskoot (born 3 March 1940 in Dordrecht) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won two medals in medley events at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships. He also participated in the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and was sixth in the 400 m medley. He started as a backstroke swimmer, but then leaned more to butterfly and medley. On 18 September 1962 he set the European 100 m batterfly record at 0:59:50, becoming the first European to swim 100 m butterfly within one minute. Between 1960 and 1966 he was 14 times national champion and set more than 20 national records in various backstroke, butterfly and medley events.

</doc>
<doc id="36736229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736229" title="Jesper Parker">
Jesper Parker

Jesper Parker (born 18 April 1984) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736232" title="Ciaran Williams">
Ciaran Williams

Ciaran Williams (born 22 December 1987) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736236" title="Order of the Eagle of Este">
Order of the Eagle of Este

The Order of the Eagle of Este was a knighthood order of the Duchy of Modena and Reggio, former sovereign state before the Italian unification.
The Order was instituted on 27 December 1855 by Francis V of Modena, Duke of Modena & Reggio, to reward the services and the merits of faithful civilians and officers. The order was established under the protection (patronage) of Saint Contardo of Este, a founder's ancestor in maternal line (House of Este) & protector of Modena. 
Grades.
The ordine was divided in three classes: 
The number of Grand Crosses was established to a maximum of ten, the Commander couldn't surpass twenty members & the Knights could be maximum sixty. The foreigners appointed into the Order were counted as supernumerary knights. 
All grants were awarding personal nobility which, if mentioned in the letter-patent, could also be hereditary. 
The "Royal Parish of the Court" served as Church of the Order.
The insignia.
The "medal" of the order consisted of a white-enameled cross border of "overseas azure" and subdivided in eight "golden-balls" points. In the middle, an azure shield with a white eagle in its center, antique symbol of the Este. In the superior part of the shield, one can read the motto "PROXIMA SOLI", and the inferior part, the data of foundation "MDCCCLV". At the back, the shield shows the Saint Contardo's effigy with the inscription: "S. CONTARDUS ATESTINUS". Between the four arms of the cross, four golden cursive letters, to form the word "E S T E". The cross is surmounted by a trophy for military class, by an oak crown for the civilian one and a royal crown for foreigner knights. 
The "ribbon" was white bordered with sky-blue stripes.
The founder, Francis V, continued to grant the Order, even in the years of his exile.

</doc>
<doc id="36736239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736239" title="Sebastian Prieto (handballer)">
Sebastian Prieto (handballer)

Sebastian Prieto (born 4 February 1987) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736244" title="Christopher Mohr">
Christopher Mohr

Christopher Mohr (born 12 January 1990) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736248" title="Vanstone">
Vanstone

Vanstone is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736250" title="Robert White (handballer)">
Robert White (handballer)

Robert White (born 5 April 1983), usually referred to as Bobby White, is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736256" title="Martin Hare">
Martin Hare

Martin Hare (born 28 November 1989) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736268" title="WareValley">
WareValley

WareValley is a software manufacturer headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
Corporate Structure.
WareValley’s head office is located in Seoul, South Korea. It also operates a branch office in Tokyo, Japan, which opened in the end of 2012. 
Market Share.
WareValley has market share as No.1 in Korea, Japan, Taiwan and so on based on database security. 
Clients.
WareValley clients in the telecommunications, financial services, manufacturing and utilities sectors in South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and Malaysia include Samsung, Korea Telecom, Toyota, Sony, KDDI, NTT, Prudential, Chungwha Telecom, etc. WareValley has 250,000 users from 2,700 companies around the world. 
Products and Services.
Chakra (Database Audit and Protection Solution).
Chakra is a security solution to protect database and enterprise properties which are stored in database through database access control. Recently, DBMS(s) have already offered some security function so there are a lot of database infringement cases such as log integrity and information leakage abusing data access privilege by internal users rather than external users like hackers. Therefore, Chakra controls user’s database access per privilege level and then a user is able to access only the part of database according to the policy of minimum privilege or Chakra offers a function which parts of data are masked. Especially, data masking reduces burden of the performance and cost for database encryption which is the top security issue recently. Chakra locates between client which requests query to database and network stream of database and it is monitoring in/out data flow in real time. Also, it saves as audit data. Chakra guarantees log integrity for saved audit data and Chakra policy management history and it protects those safely. Also, it helps administrators to manage audit data safely by backing up those as encryption algorithm. An administrator is able to search the audit data per condition later or handle organization security audit by printing multiple documents above 14 types like *.pdf, *.doc, *.hwp, *.csv, *.xls and so on. Currently, Chakra supports 14 DBs like Oracle, IBM DB2, MS SQL, Sybase IQ, Sybase ASE, Teradata, Altibase, Tibero, Cubrid, Informix, Netezza, Mysql, PostgreSQL and Mainframe DB2.
Chakra Max (Database Audit and Protection Solution).
Chakra Max is a security solution to protect database and enterprise properties which are stored in database. The basic security method of Chakra Max is to control users’ database accesses per privilege level. It sets up access privilege for application servers or DB users causing in/out data flow in databases and then it allows reasonable transactions and blocks unreasonable transactions. It processes a work approval to the SQL execution privilege according to the organizational policy and gives limitation to only read data by providing masking data for key data like privacy information to users. Plus, it provides a function to be able to simulate before and after data in case SQL is executed to modify database. Of course, it is monitored for all traffic information and user identification information occurred in hear in real time by an administrator and saves those as auditing data. It guarantees integrity for the saved auditing data and the history of Chakra Max policy management and protects those safely. Also, it helps an administrator to manage auditing data safely by backing up those as encryption algorithm. An administrator is able to search the auditing data per condition later or handle organization security audit outputting various document forms of more than 14 types like *.pdf, *.doc, *.hwp, *.csv, *.xls and so on. As it gained the CC(Common Criteria) validation of EAL4 rating for international criteria on Jan 2012, it is accepted as a secure and stable solution deleted of the latest all vulnerabilities. Currently, Chakra Max supports 14 DBs like Oracle, IBM DB2, MS SQL, Sybase IQ, Sybase ASE, Teradata, Altibase, Tibero, Cubrid, Informix, Netezza, MySQL, PostgreSQL and Mainframe DB2.
Orange (Database Development and Management Solution).
As a database-client software, "Orange" is the tool to more exactly and quickly manage and develop database for database administrators and developers. It is easy to use for database administrators as well as developers and provides the reason and information of issues in time offering light and intuitional GUI interface. Also, it is possible to execute Orange processes of more than 16. It is designed to be minimized for resource spending without server load and you can use DB from Oracle to Altibase without any difficulty. Furthermore, it supports Instant Client, Data Pump and AWR Report of Oracle. Orange is the only solution supporting all DBMS such as Oracle, DB2, MS-SQL, SYBASE IQ, SYBASE ASE, Altibase, Tibero and Telcobase. It has been upgraded for 12 years consistently since it released 1.0 version in 2001. Now V. 5.0 is released and commercialized. It proves that it is the optimized solution for the enterprises operating database through the users over 200,000. Orange provides the suitable tool as the best class to operate databases to environment, developers and DBAs operating multi databases of various systems.
Galea (Database Encryption Solution).
Galea is a database security solution protecting properties by encrypting the enterprise key data. It minimizes to be affected to database performance due to data encryption and provides the system operation with non-stop. Also, it has the encryption module verified by a government agency and maintains availability, confidentiality and integrity of enterprise database and database encryption system based on strict security operation like as FIPS 140-2 Level. Due to introduction of Galea, there is no need to change an application connecting the existing database to enterprises and it is possible to service encryption/decryption for multiple databases concurrently. Enterprises manage customers’ data securely from intruders through Galea and they can improve their reliability preventing illegal information leakage accidents by internal users and outsourcing development companies. Also, they can cope with various local information protection laws including the privacy data protection law. Currently, Galea supports Oracle only.
Cyclone (Database Vulnerability Assessment Solution).
Cyclone inspects items which should be concerned for operating database and inherent vulnerabilities in database exactly from various angles so security administrators and database administrators can remove inherent security holes in the system. Furthermore, it suggests the best alternative which can improve the whole security level. As a database vulnerability assessment solution, Cyclone helps to understand multiple vulnerabilities in database and provide improvement of the whole security level for database through Information Gathering, Penetration Test and Security Auditing: Information Gathering is a step to figure out information property which is existing in the network range. Penetration Test and Security Auditing are steps to inspect the database security. Cyclone has key functions such as Fix Scripts removing detected vulnerabilities, suggesting improvement measures and reporting. Currently, Cyclone supports Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2, Sybase ASE and MySQL as target DB for vulnerability assessmnet.

</doc>
<doc id="36736269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736269" title="Mark Hawkins">
Mark Hawkins

Mark Hawkins (born 28 December 1985) is a British handball player. He was born in Horsham, West Sussex. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736283" title="John Pearce (handballer)">
John Pearce (handballer)

John Pearce (born 23 November 1987) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736288" title="Gawain Vincent">
Gawain Vincent

Gawain Vincent (born 9 March 1990) is a British handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Great Britain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736293" title="George Ewart Bean">
George Ewart Bean

George Ewart Bean (1903-1977) was an English archaeologist and writer who specialized in classical Turkey. His father William Jackson Bean was a botanist, author, and curator of Kew Gardens. Bean was educated at St Paul's School, London and Pembroke College, Cambridge. He graduated in 1923 and returned to St Paul's to teach ancient Greek. 
In the 1930s, he organized summer school trips to the Aegean coast of Turkey. In 1943, in the middle of World War II, he was recruited by the British Council to teach English in Izmir. Several years later, he helped to set up the archaeology department at the University of Istanbul. He stayed on in Istanbul, teaching classics at the university for 24 years. 
Between 1943 and 1971, Bean travelled extensively in rural Turkey in order to discover and record its classical remains. Over the years, he became a well-known and respected figure in the countryside. The publisher Ernest Benn commissioned him to write a series of archaeological guidebooks on the region. The result was a series of four books describing the classical archaeology of Turkey. These are:
He was a friend of the Oxford-educated classicist Terence Mitford, and together they undertook numerous journeys into the Turkish interior. They also wrote a book together, titled "Journeys into Rough Cilicia".
Bean was a physically imposing man, six foot six in height. He was an avid player of badminton and tennis, and once reached the third round at Wimbledon. His first marriage lasted six years. He met his second wife Jane in Istanbul, where the latter was a schoolteacher.
George Bean died in 1977, just as the last volume in his guidebook series was going to press.

</doc>
<doc id="36736299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736299" title="Mulberroside A">
Mulberroside A

Mulberroside A is a stilbenoid found in "Morus alba", the white mulberry. It is the diglucoside of oxyresveratrol.

</doc>
<doc id="36736303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736303" title="Dragan Đukić (handballer)">
Dragan Đukić (handballer)

Dragan Đukić (Arandjelovac, 9.Aug. 1962) is a Serbian handball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Great Britain national handball team. He took up a national coach position with the Israel national handball team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36736308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736308" title="Van Thielen">
Van Thielen

van Thielen or Vanthielen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736311" title="Glencripesdale House">
Glencripesdale House

Glencripesdale House, or Glencripesdale Castle as it was sometimes referred to, was the centre of the 26,000 acre Glencripesdale Estate, and was situated along the south side of Loch Sunart, a sea loch in the west highlands of Scotland.
Glencripesdale was a grand house built for, and uniquely designed by, the Newton brothers in 1874 and featured 28 bedrooms. Twenty of these bedrooms were large and for the use of family and guests, with the remaining eight for servants quarters with multiple beds, some in dormitory style rooms. The house is believed to be the first in Scotland to be built of the as then state of the art material, Concrete. Materials had to be floated along the loch due to the lack of access to the site from nearby roads, mainly by steam ship. The cement was mixed with pebbles off the shore
Because the house was largely served by sea, due to the remote nature, the house featured its own private Dock for steam ships of up to 100 tonnes, such as the SY Kelpie, the Newtons 100 ft Steam Launch.
The Factors house, or Land Agent as he would be known in England, situated a few miles East up the coast at Laudale, still exists and is a substantial dwelling in its own right having been built with 9 bedrooms, and has been enlarged further over the years.
Architectural style and location.
Glencripesdale House featured a very distinct and unusual blend of architectural styles including, among other things, white harled walls, Gothic windows and a large tower which resembled a lift-shaft crowned with crowstep gables.
The house was a blend of new building methods, “traditional” Scottish Baronial elements and a general appearance suggestive, perhaps, of a monastery in parts. Whilst unconventional in style, the result was considered pleasing. With two of the three Newton brothers being clergymen, some have remarked that the ecclesiastical flavour of much of the building is perhaps attributable to their career choice. There is a suggestion that they actually designed the house themselves using a church plan as a basis. Another suggestion is that the architect Temple Lushington Moore may have helped design the property, having already designed a large country house Holmwood, Redditch for Canon Horace Newton.
A guest of the family Elizabeth Inglis noted on a visit to Glencripesdale approximately ten years after the house was built that the approach route from the loch was suitably atmospheric:
“To reach Glencripesdale house our track up the hill led past an ancient burying ground, impressive in it s loneliness, its ancient trees standing in reverent bending lines, keeping silent guard over the grey recumbent tombs”.
Post-1920s domestic and military use.
The house was occupied by the British military during World War II, specifically the Commando units, who needed extreme countryside to practice manoeuvres on.
The Newtons returned at the end of the war to find large amounts of their belongings had been stolen, and the property and outbuildings severely damaged by the troops, requiring large sums to repair, which was not uncommon at the time.
This, combined with the fact that like many large houses who relied on large numbers of staff to run, meant that the house was not occupied again, and slowly fell into disrepair.
Destruction.
Following World War II, a new owner Mr Epps bought the House in 1954 and stripped its lead off the roof, leaving the buildings shell exposed. He was apparently able to sell the lead for more than he had bought the property for.
The estate with the shell of the house was sold to the Forestry Commission, who slowly planted up the woodland with conifers and then sold off the estate in chunks throughout the 1990s.
In 1966 the house was blown up by the Army as part of an exercise with consent of the Forestry Commission, and due to the unique construction, being built of reinforced concrete, required two attempts to blow up. The first time the Army used a normal amount of explosive for the size of the building, however once the dust had cleared the building still stood.
The ruins still remain on the original site, however the land has become very overgrown.

</doc>
<doc id="36736319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736319" title="Israel at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Israel at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Israel competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September.
The country was represented by twenty-five athletes (eighteen men and seven women), who competed in nine sports: athletics, equestrian, road cycling, rowing, sailing, shooting, swimming, table tennis, and wheelchair tennis. The Israeli athletes included six-time Paralympic shooting medallist Doron Shaziri.
Sailing.
"*" The 11th race was cancelled due to bad weather.

</doc>
<doc id="36736320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736320" title="Van Thienen">
Van Thienen

van Thienen or Vanthienen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736345" title="Dharmachari Guruma">
Dharmachari Guruma

Dharmachāri Gurumā (Devanagari: धर्मचारी गुरुमाँ) (born Laxmi Nāni Tulādhar) (14 November 1898 – 7 January 1978) was a Nepalese Buddhist nun who was an influential figure in the revival of Theravada Buddhism in Nepal. She was expelled from Kathmandu by the government for her religious activities. 
Dharmachari was a progressive and fought social mores and government repression to become a nun. She acquired an education and traveled out of the country to study Buddhism and receive ordination. Dharmachari also established the first nunnery in Nepal.
Early life.
Laxmi Nani was born at Dhyākwachhen, Asan (ध्याक्वछेँ, असं), a historical neighborhood in central Kathmandu. She was the fourth among seven siblings. Her father was Man Kaji and mother Ratna Maya Tuladhar. During Laxmi Nani's early years, it was difficult to receive an education, and for girls even more so. However, encouraged by a neighbourhood shopkeeper and her mother, she taught herself to read and write.
In 1909, Laxmi Nani was married to Sete Kaji Bania of Itum Bahal who belonged to a family of hereditary herbalists. A son was born to her in 1916 who died in infancy. In 1919, her husband died when she was seven-months pregnant with their daughter. In 1927, her daughter died too. The loss of her entire family in a few years made her become more deeply involved in religious activities.
Dharma teacher.
As Laxmi Nani (alternative names: Laxmi Nāni Upāsikā, Laxmi Nāni Baniā) was literate and skilled in mixing herbal medicines, she was a respected member of the household. She fulfilled her responsibilities in the extended family even as she studied Buddhist books. She taught what she learned to a group of women students who met at Kindo Baha, a 17th-century monastic courtyard at the foot of Swayambhu hill. The dilapidated monastery had been restored in 1926 by the efforts of Buddhist scholar Dharmaditya Dharmacharya and benefactor Dharma Man Tuladhar.
The gatherings at Kindo Baha attracted the attention of a suspicious government, and the women were hauled before the prime minister. He told them that studying religious books and speaking in front of a crowd was not for women, and that they should go home and look after their families. However, they continued to study in secret.
Laxmi Nani also composed hymns in Nepal Bhasa. Her composition was first printed in 1929 in the magazine "Buddha Dharma wa Nepal Bhasa" published from Kolkata. The songs urged women to acquire an education and exposed social evils of the day.
Ordination in Burma.
In 1930, the return to Nepal of Pragyananda Mahasthavir, the first yellow-robed monk in the country since the 14th century, propelled the Theravada Buddhist movement further. Laxmi Nani and five of her companions decided to renounce lay life and be ordained as nuns. In 1934, she led her friends to Kushinagar, India and then to a nunnery in Arakan, Burma where they received ordination. Laxmi Nani was given the dharma name Dharmachari. They returned to Kathmandu and continued their work at Kindo Baha.
Into exile.
Kindo Baha was turned into a center of Theravada Buddhism by the monks and nuns who were trained abroad. They conducted regular prayer meets, and the number of devotees coming to listen to their sermons kept increasing. As the crowds became larger, an intolerant government turned hostile. Spies hovered around Kindo Baha, and devotees had to face repeated police harassment. In 1944, the government took the extreme step of expelling all the monks in Kathmandu. A year later, the nuns were also banished. 
While the monks had to leave Nepal, the women were sent to Trishuli, a day's journey to the north of Kathmandu on the way to Tibet. Here too, the nuns gave sermons and taught the Dharma. Their activities were reported to the prime minister; and barely a month after their arrival in Trishuli, the police came and marched them back to Kathmandu. They were kept at the police station at Durbar Square where they were questioned. They were freed the next day.
In 1946, a Sri Lankan goodwill mission visited Nepal and pleaded with the government on behalf of the banished monks. They were thus allowed to return and continue their activities unhindered.
Nirvana Murti Vihara.
Considering the crowded conditions at Kindo Baha, Dharmachari began work to establish a separate nunnery. She bought a piece of land nearby and raised funds to build a prayer hall and living quarters. In 1952, the nunnery with its centerpiece, a great statue of the reclining Buddha, was inaugurated. It is now known as Nirvana Murti Vihara.

</doc>
<doc id="36736351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736351" title="Ishwarchak">
Ishwarchak

Ishwarchak is a village situated in the Nalanda district of Bihar State in India.

</doc>
<doc id="36736356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736356" title="Vanthourenhout">
Vanthourenhout

Vanthourenhout is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736357" title="The Power of Three (Doctor Who)">
The Power of Three (Doctor Who)

"The Power of Three" is the fourth episode of the seventh series of the British science fiction television programme "Doctor Who" that aired on BBC One and BBC One HD on 22 September 2012. It was written by Chris Chibnall and directed by Douglas Mackinnon.
In the episode, alien time traveller the Doctor (Matt Smith) spends time on Earth with his travelling companions Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) and her husband Rory (Arthur Darvill) while he awaits activity from millions of small cubes that appeared overnight.
"The Power of Three" focused on Amy and Rory's point of view and the impact of the Doctor's influence on their lives, as they would be leaving in the next episode. The story was inspired by "The Man Who Came to Dinner" and the story of the MSC "Napoli". The episode also saw the return of UNIT and introduced their new scientific advisor, Kate Stewart (Jemma Redgrave), daughter of Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart. The episode featured brief cameo appearances by Lord Sugar and professor Brian Cox. Despite being the penultimate episode in the first block of the series, "The Power of Three" was the last to be filmed, and was thus the last episode for Gillan and Darvill.
The episode was watched by 7.67 million viewers in the UK. Critical reception to the episode was generally positive, highlighting the emotion and humour, although many critics derided the solution to the plot.
Plot.
Amy and Rory have tried to adjust to normal life without travelling with the Doctor. One day billions of small black cubes appear around the globe, but they appear to be inert and invulnerable. The Doctor arrives to help, having been alerted by news stories. UNIT storms the Ponds' house soon after in response to the Doctor's arrival; the UNIT force is led by scientific adviser Kate Stewart, the daughter of the Doctor's friend and former UNIT commander, Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart. Kate explains that they have no idea of the purpose of the cubes and hope the Doctor can help. After several days of watching the cubes without anything out of the ordinary occurring, the Doctor decides there is no problem and puts Rory's father Brian in charge of watching the cubes as he returns and departs in the TARDIS.
Over the following year, Amy and Rory live out their lives, making commitments despite not knowing if they will always be around. The Doctor visits them at their wedding anniversary party and takes them on a trip for seven weeks, though returns them a few minutes after leaving. Brian notices their absence and, in private, asks the Doctor the fate of his previous companions. The Doctor admits that while most had left on their own or were left behind, some have died, but promises that will not happen to Amy or Rory. Humanity forgets about the cubes' arrival, and use them as paperweights and similar mundane functions. Unknown to anyone at the hospital where Rory works, a young girl with a cube controls a pair of identical orderlies with distorted faces to capture a few selected patients.
A year after their arrival, the cubes start to activate, scanning the world's information networks and acting in self-defence. The Doctor realises that the cubes are part of a "slow invasion". While Rory and Brian go to the hospital to help those injured by the cubes, the Doctor and Amy are summoned to the UNIT headquarters under the Tower of London where Kate shows them several cubes under investigation, every single one behaving in a different fashion. The cubes then simultaneously display the number 7 and slowly count down. Meanwhile, at the hospital, Brian is taken by the two orderlies to a lift, where they disappear. Rory soon follows and finds that the back of the lift is a portal to a spaceship in Earth's orbit.
The cubes all open when they reach zero, appearing empty, but soon reports of people dying from cardiac arrest appear from around the globe. The Doctor finds that one of his own hearts has stopped, and realises that the cubes sent out an electrical impulse that killed about one-third of the human population. Kate's team traces a communication from the cubes to seven different outposts across the world, including one at Rory's hospital, and the Doctor and Amy race there. Amy uses a defibrillator to restart the Doctor's heart. They find the girl, who the Doctor realises is an android, and disable her before locating the lift and the portal.
Aboard the ship, Amy and Rory rescue Brian while the Doctor encounters a hologram of a member of the Shakri, who, according to Gallifreyan legend, were self-appointed "pest controllers" in the universe. The Shakri states that he and six other ships tied to the other outposts are there to wipe out humanity before it spreads across the galaxy, and prepares to launch a second wave of cubes to kill even more before disappearing. The Doctor uses the ship's computer to reverse the shock the cubes gave to the original victims, restoring them, and the three escape the ship before the feedback from the cubes causes it to explode. As the world recovers, the Doctor prepares to leave when Brian insists that Amy and Rory go with him, stating the adventures they have with him are a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. He tells the Doctor to "just bring them back safe". The three say goodbye to Brian and depart in the TARDIS.
Continuity.
The Doctor tells Brian that a few of his previous companions have died; this is a reference to Sara Kingdom, Katarina, and Adric. At one point, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory relax and eat fish fingers and custard, a reference to "The Eleventh Hour". Amy and Rory's meal at the newly opened Savoy hotel is ruined by "a Zygon spaceship parked under the Savoy"; the Zygons previously featured in the Fourth Doctor serial "Terror of the Zygons" and would appear again in the 50th anniversary special "The Day of the Doctor" (2013). The Tower of London had previously served as a UNIT base in "The Christmas Invasion" and was mentioned as such in "The Sontaran Stratagem". The Doctor also mentions having a metallic dog that could hover; this refers to K-9, the robotic dog of the Fourth Doctor.
Production.
The episode's title was originally reported as "Cubed", but was later announced as "The Power of Three". Chris Chibnall had previously written the "Doctor Who" episodes "42" (2007), "The Hungry Earth"/"Cold Blood" (2010), and the second episode of the seventh series, "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship". He was also a major contributor to the spinoff series "Torchwood". "The Power of Three" is his second contribution to "Doctor Who" seventh series, after "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship". Chibnall described "The Power of Three" as "a lovely big Earth invasion story" but different from the ones done before, as it focused on Amy and Rory's time with the Doctor and the impact of him on their lives. He stated it is told more from Amy and Rory's point of view than ever before, and is about celebrating them before they leave in the following episode. Chibnall's brief from showrunner Steven Moffat was to "live with the Doctor — "The Man Who Came to Dinner", "Doctor Who" style." Chibnall was also inspired by the story of the MSC "Napoli". Smith put disgust into the Doctor's remark concerning Twitter in the episode, reflecting his real-life decision to stay off the social network.
At Chibnall's request, "The Power of Three" sees the return of UNIT, which first appeared in "The Invasion" (1968) and became a regular feature during the Third Doctor (Jon Pertwee) era. The episode reveals that Kate Stewart is now running UNIT; she is the daughter of Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart and previously appeared in the Reeltime Pictures direct-to-video films "Downtime" and "Dæmos Rising" played by Beverley Cressman. Following the death of actor Nicholas Courtney in early 2011, the Doctor learned of the Brigadier's death in the sixth series finale "The Wedding of River Song". Matt Smith enjoyed working with Jemma Redgrave, describing her as "graceful, funny and charming and an absolute delight".
The read-through of "The Power of Three" took place at Roath Lock, Cardiff on 27 April 2012. It was filmed by itself in the series' third production block. Because of this schedule, it was the final episode Gillan and Darvill filmed as Amy and Rory. Their last scene filmed together was getting into the TARDIS with the Doctor after saying farwell to Brian; when the doors closed Gillan, Darvill, and Smith hugged and started crying. Some exterior scenes at Amy and Rory's house were re-shot in June and July 2012, with Darvill briefly returning for the June re-shoot. Producer Marcus Wilson stated that a "hundred" individual cube props were made, with "many more" added with computer-generated imagery (CGI). Amy and the Doctor's conversation outside the Tower of London could not be filmed at the genuine location due to the London Olympics, so it was shot on studio in Cardiff and the live action was combined with other footage to create the illusion. The episode also features cameos from physicist Brian Cox and Lord Sugar, both of whom were long-time fans of the program. Sugar's cameo was in fact filmed on the set of "The Apprentice", with director Douglas Mackinnon standing in for the person who was fired.
Broadcast and reception.
"The Power of Three" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One and BBC One HD on 22 September 2012. Overnight ratings showed that it was watched by an audience of 5.49 million live. The final consolidated rating rose to 7.67 million viewers, making it the thirteenth most-watched programme of the week on British television, and the fifth highest rated on BBC One. The episode also received 1.3 million requests on BBC's online iPlayer, placing it fourth for the month on the site behind the first three episodes of the series. It also received an Appreciation Index of 87, considered "excellent".
Critical reception.
"The Power of Three" received generally positive reviews. Dan Martin of "The Guardian" stated he "bloody loved" the episode, calling it "a nostalgic run through all the best bits of the Russell T Davies era". However, he noted that it "also had the weaknesses of some of [Davies'] adventures – the ending was so underdeveloped that even a magic button couldn't explain it – but 'The Power of Three' was, in every sense, completely gorgeous". Neela Debnath, writing for "The Independent", praised the way the episode showed the companion's life outside the TARDIS and celebrated Amy and Rory, as well as the introduction of Kate Stewart and her connection with the Brigadier.
"Radio Times" reviewer Patrick Mulkern described it as "beautifully made television" and welcomed Kate as a "wonderful addition". However, he stated that he did not "entirely buy the Doctor's solution". Keith Phipps of "The A.V. Club" graded the episode as a B+. Despite noting the plot was "fairly standard" and "easily foiled", he wrote that the concept of the cubes and "slow invasion" was "a cleverly executed bit of business". IGN's Matt Risley rated "The Power of Three" a score of 8 out of 10, writing that the first three quarters were "simply brilliant" because of the emotion and humour. However, he criticised the "rushed resolution" and the lack of explanation for the aliens at the hospital. Digital Spy reviewer Morgan Jeffery gave the episode four out of five stars, describing it as "an emotional, fun and involving "Doctor Who" episode" despite the disappointing resolution.
Russell Lewin of "SFX" gave the episode three and a half out of five stars, naming it as Chibnall's best "Doctor Who" episode. While he noted that "the ending was potentially always going to be a let down...And it is", there was "much to enjoy beforehand" such as UNIT and the humour. "The Daily Telegraph" reviewer Gavin Fuller gave it a score of two and a half out of five stars, feeling that it was "treading water" as a lead-in to the following finale. He described the first twenty minutes as "overpadded" and "heavy on exposition but little else", and pointed out the unexplained action at Rory's hospital. However, he enjoyed Amy and the Doctor's conversation and the "countdown element and the mystery of the cubes", but found the explanation unoriginal and the conclusion too easy.

</doc>
<doc id="36736358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736358" title="Mahmoud Gharbi">
Mahmoud Gharbi

Mahmoud Gharbi (born 11 February 1982) is a Tunisian handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Tunisia national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36736362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736362" title="Marouan Chouiref">
Marouan Chouiref

Marouan Chouiref (born 27 May 1990) is a Tunisian handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Tunisia national handball team in the men's tournament.
Honours.
National Team.
Junior World Championship
Club.
Arab Club Championship
Tunisia National Cup

</doc>
<doc id="36736379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736379" title="Van Tomme">
Van Tomme

Van Tomme or Vantomme is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736388" title="Te cunosc de undeva!">
Te cunosc de undeva!

Te cunosc de undeva! (literally "I know you from somewhere!") is a Romanian talent show. The first series is featured to start on 17 March 2012 and it is broadcast by Antena 1 channel in Romania. The show is hosted by Cosmin Seleși and Alina Pușcaș.
The judging panel are Delia Matache, Monica Anghel, Pepe and Andrei Aradits.
Format.
The show challenges celebrities to perform as different iconic music artists every week, which are chosen by the show's "Randomiser". They are then judged by the panel of celebrity judges.
Each celebrity becomes transformed into a different singer each week, and performs an iconic song and dance routine well known by that particular singer. The 'randomiser' can choose any older or younger artist available in the machine, or even a singer of the opposite sex (except in week one), or a deceased singer, but it picks three out and the contestant then presses the button to 'spin' the randomiser which selects their next singer.
Voting.
The contestants are awarded points from the judges (and each other) based on their singing and dance routines. 15p from each viewer public vote is split equally between eight chosen charities.
Judges award their points (up to 12 each, making a possible grand total of 48) to the contestants, while the contestants have to give 5 points to a fellow contestant of their choice (these are known as "Bonus" points) after all have performed. The total score of each contestant is counted by summing the points from judges and contestant's voting with the points from the televoting.
Whoever is at the top of the leaderboard at the end of the each show, after the combination of the judges' and public votes, receives a 1000 euros cash prize for a charity of their choice and a further 15,000 euros grand prize for the "series champion" in the final week.
Contestants.
A total of 25 participants have competed, and 7 of them competed in two seasons and Maria Buză competed three times. Each contestant one will incarnate one star from the music industry during each live show.
Bold font indicates that the dancer was a participant in the recent season.
Color key:
Series overview.
Season 1 (2012).
The debut season started airing on March 17, 2012 and ended on 26 May 2012. The judges is pop singer Aurelian Temișan, singer and dancer, Andreea Bălan, soprano Ozana Barabancea and actor Andrei Aradits. The winner was a singer & dancer, CRBL, who defeated Lora in the grand final. CRBL received a cheque of 15,000 euros.
Season 2 (2012).
The second season started airing on September 15, 2012 and ended on 1 December 2012. All four judges returned for season two. The winner of this season was singer, dancer & TV host Jorge. Jorge received a cheque of 15,000 euros. Lora was the Runner-up for the second time.
Season 3 (2013).
The third season started airing on February 16, 2013 and ended on 11 May 2013. All four judges are returning for season three. The winner of this season was singer & TV host Pepe, who received a cheque of 15,000 euros. Simona Nae was the Runner-up.
Season 4 (2013).
The fourth season of the series started airing on 7 September 2013. All four judges are returning for season 4.
Season 5 (2014).
The fifth season started in 2014. The judges are Andrei Aradits, Monica Anghel, Pepe and Delia. The new contestans are Nicole Cherry, Raluka, Andreea Bănică, Elena Ionescu, :ro:Alex Mațaev, Doru Todoruț, Florin Ristei and Alex Velea. In the season, Delia is switched with Horia Brenciu
Judges and presenters.
On 16 March 2012 before the series began Cosmin Seleși a TV host and actor & Alina Pușcaș a model and actress were confirmed as the host of the first season. The four season are hosted by Cosmin Seleși and Alina Pușcaș, known for their humor and spontaneity. Aurelian Temișan a singer, Andreea Bălan a dancer, Ozana Barabancea a soprano and an actor Andrei Aradits were confirmed as the four judges on show. The judges will be evaluating the contestants each live. They will have to award points to the contestants, from 4 to 12 with 12, without 11, being the judge's favorite of the night. In season five Andreea Bălan, Ozana Barabncea and Aurelian Temișan were switch with Pepe (cântăreț), Monica Anghel and Delia (cântăreață).
Awards and nominee.
In 2012 TV Mania, Te cunosc de undeva! take the award for The best entertainment show.

</doc>
<doc id="36736390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736390" title="Qatar at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Qatar at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Qatar competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
The country was represented by a single athlete, Abdulrahman Abdulqader Abdulrahman, in field events: the discus, the javelin and the shot put.

</doc>
<doc id="36736411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736411" title="Vântu">
Vântu

Vântu is a Romanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736426" title="Shane Victor">
Shane Victor

Shane Victor (born 29 December 1988) is a South African sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
He won a silver medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Victor was part of the South African team in the 4x400 metres relay race. In the first semifinal, Ofentse Mogawane fell and dislocated his shoulder when he collided with Kenya's Vincent Kiilu, resulting in South Africa's withdrawal from the race. South Africa was passed into the final on appeal to the IAAF, due to interference from the Kenyan athlete who downed Mogawane. They were assigned the 9th lane and finished in 8th place with their season's best time of 3:03.46.

</doc>
<doc id="36736436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736436" title="Van Velthoven">
Van Velthoven

van Velthoven or Vanvelthoven is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736437" title="Kees Kievit">
Kees Kievit

Cornelis Marinus "Kees" Kievit (born 5 June 1931 in Best) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won a silver medal in the 100 m backstroke event at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships. He also participated in the 1948 Summer Olympics but did not reach the finals. Between 1948 and 1951 he was 4 times national champion and set 12 national records in the 100 m and 200 m backstroke events.

</doc>
<doc id="36736447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736447" title="Bandish Projekt">
Bandish Projekt

Bandish Projekt is a musical act featuring a blend of Indian elements in an electronica format. The title "Bandish Projekt" is derived from Bandish—an Indian classical composition, and "Projekt," which reflects the experimental and evolving nature of the music. Bandish Projekt was formed in 1998 by Mayur Narvekar, Udyan Sagar, and Mehirr Nath Choppra.Narvekar regularly collaborates with producers and musicians on his albums, Sagar performs as Nucleya, and Choppra is a media entrepereneur, based in Dubai, where he operates radio stations and supports Bandish Projekt and Bheja Fry Records as a mentor.
Biography.
Mayur was raised in Ahmedabad by a family of classical musicians and arts enthusiasts. His father and paternal uncle introduced him to the dholak at an early age. Through his interest and talent for percussion, he was encouraged to formally learn the tabla. Mayur studied classical tabla with his guru Shri Divyang Vakil for 20 years. He went on to win the All India Radio (AIR) competition for percussion in 2000, and was honoured with the prestigious "Pt. Nikhil Ghosh Memorial Promising Artist Award" in 2001.
Inspired by the music and producers of the West, Mayur began to add to his repertory of classical sounds. Thus, his electronic act, Bandish Projekt, was conceived. After graduating from St. Xaviers College, Ahmedabad, in 2000 with a BA in psychology, Mayur decided to pursue a full-time career in music.
Career.
After several years as a live performer, composer and producer, Mayur moved to Mumbai in 2008. Bandish Projekt’s first album, "Correkt", was released in October 2009, followed by the single "Brown Skin Beauty" featuring Last Mango in Paris in 2010, and the EP "Chase" in March 2011. In December 2011, Bandish Projekt released another EP, "Lover," featuring Shaa’ir (Monica Dogra of Shaa'ir and Func), which was nominated for the 2012 MTV EMA award for Best Indian Act.
Bandish Projekt released two EPs in 2012, "I Am Not Alone" and "Correkt Remixed". Bandish Projekt's Alchemy Wins Asifa India Awards For Excellence the special Jury mention in the best animation film category.2014 Bandish Projekt receives GIMA Award (Global Indian Music Award ) for the best EDM track "TRAP" from the Ep "I am Not Alone" .

</doc>
<doc id="36736476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736476" title="Uri Kokia">
Uri Kokia

Uri Kokia (born May 14, 1981) is an Israeli professional basketball player. He is a center/power forward and a member of the Israel national basketball team.
Basketball career.
Uri Kokia began playing basketball with sport clubs Elitzur Yavneh and Maccabi Rehovot. At 21 years of age, Kokia entered the Premier League, playing for Hapoel Galil Elyon. 
He played five season for Ironi Nahariya, and has also played for Bnei Hasharon, Maccabi Haifa (after the 2007-08 season), Hapoel Holon, and Hapoel Jerusalem (for whom he is team captain).
In 2010, at the age of 29 and never having played on a national team before, Kokia was slated to make his Israel national team debut for the start of the 2011 EuroBasket qualifying campaign. In November 2010, he suffered a torn tendon in his shoulder.

</doc>
<doc id="36736479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736479" title="Vanzetta">
Vanzetta

Vanzetta is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736490" title="Virgin Islands at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Virgin Islands at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

The United States Virgin Islands made its Paralympic Games début, as the Virgin Islands, at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
The islands' sole representative was Lee Frawley, in equestrian events. Frawley was born and raised in the US Virgin Islands, though she now lives in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36736514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736514" title="Paradox Development Studio">
Paradox Development Studio

Paradox Development Studio is a Swedish video game developer founded in 1995. It is closely associated with its parent company and video game publisher, Paradox Interactive. It is best known for its grand strategy game series Europa Universalis, Hearts of Iron, Crusader Kings, and Victoria.
History.
Paradox Development Studio is based on the heritage of the Swedish board game company Target Games and has been a game developer of PC-focused grand strategy games since 1995. From the start, Target Games designed board games and created the PC Game named Svea Rike, based on a board game. The company continued to create PC games and in 1999 the company was divided into two separate entities: Paradox Interactive which focused on developing grand strategy games for PC and Paradox Entertainment which focused on creating board games and role-playing games.
Paradox Interactive began to self-publish their own strategy games and quickly expanded their portfolio by publishing PC games from other development studios.
In January 2012, the company divided yet again into two companies—Paradox Interactive became the game publisher focused on PC games of various genres and Paradox Development Studio became the game development studio focused on grand strategy games. The Stockholm based studio Paradox Development Studio is the developer behind franchises such as Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, Hearts of Iron and Victoria.
The game development studio was one of the first video game developers to coin the genre "Grand Strategy" and most of the games the studio has developed falls into that category. Grand strategy games are historical strategy games that usually cover the entire world map and include elements such as economy, diplomacy and warfare. The games developed by Paradox Development Studio are all highly moddable and support multiplayer for up to 32 players.
Paradox Development Studio currently consists of 32 persons working on four parallel projects. The studio manager Johan Andersson has led the game development team since Target Games. 
Several of the studios members have a background from the modding and beta testing community; including members such as project lead Henrik Fåhraeus, project lead Thomas Johansson and game designer Chris King.
The studio's second-latest game release Crusader Kings II is one of the highest rated games 2012 according to Metacritic. 
The development studio has recently released Europa Universalis IV, the next installment in their empire building series.
Clausewitz Engine.
In 2007 the Paradox Development Studio debuted a proprietary game engine, titled Clausewitz, in Europa Universalis III and has been used in every game developed by PDS since. The engine provides a 3D view of part or the totality of the world map, depending on the played game. Sengoku was the first game utilizing the Clausewitz 2.5 engine.
List of video games.
List of games developed by Paradox Development Studio.
In addition to this list there are two other titles developed in the early 2000s when the studio was part of Paradox Entertainment, "" and "Two Thrones", both part of the "Svea Rike" series.

</doc>
<doc id="36736516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736516" title="The Angels Take Manhattan">
The Angels Take Manhattan

"The Angels Take Manhattan" is the fifth episode of the seventh series of the revived British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", which was first broadcast on BBC One on 29 September 2012. It is the last in the first block of episodes in the seventh series, followed by the 2012 Christmas special "The Snowmen". The episode was written by head writer Steven Moffat and directed by Nick Hurran.
In the episode, alien time traveller the Doctor (Matt Smith) takes his companions Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) and her husband Rory Williams (Arthur Darvill) to Central Park in New York City. There, recurring monsters the Weeping Angels send Rory back to the 1930s, where he is reunited with River Song (Alex Kingston), Amy and Rory's daughter. Amy and the Doctor attempt to rescue Rory, but the Doctor becomes aware that their future is inevitable, and Amy and Rory are to leave him forever.
Amy's departure from the series was a compromise between Gillan and Moffat. Moffat wrote several endings and situations for the couple, eventually deciding to incorporate the Weeping Angels. Despite being Amy and Rory's last episode, it was not the last episode Gillan and Darvill filmed. Production took place in April 2012, with location filming in Wales and a small crew filming in the United States in Central Park. "The Angels Take Manhattan" was watched by 7.82 million viewers in the UK and received mostly positive reviews, though critics noted some plot holes and other logical issues.
Plot.
The cold open takes place in 1930s Manhattan, where private detective Sam Garner is hired by a Mr. Grayle to investigate moving statues at the Winter Quay apartments. Garner finds an elderly version of himself in an apartment dying in a bed and is chased by Weeping Angels to the rooftop, where he is confronted by a grimacing Statue of Liberty that looks like a weeping angel. In 2012, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory enjoy a picnic in Central Park. The Doctor is reading a pulp novel to Amy about a detective named Melody Malone when Rory leaves them to get coffee. The Doctor continues to read and tears out the last page in the book because he hates endings. As he's reading, the Doctor finds that Rory turns up in the novel. Meanwhile, Rory was sent back in time to the 1930s by a cherub Weeping Angel. When he arrives he meets River Song, and the two are immediately kidnapped by henchmen working for Mr. Grayle. River reveals that she is Melody Malone, and asks how Rory got to be there. Rory is unsure, and River tells him he could not have arrived by the TARDIS because New York is being subjected to unusual time distortions that prevent the TARDIS from landing. Amy begins to read ahead in the Melody Malone book until the Doctor stops her, warning her that anything she reads in the book is then destined to happen and cannot be changed. The Doctor and Amy then attempt to travel back to get Rory but the TARDIS encounters the distortions and returns them to a graveyard in 2012.
Mr. Grayle has Rory locked in his dark basement with cherub Angels and only a box of matches to protect him. River is taken to his office, where she sees that Grayle is keeping a weakened Weeping Angel. Using her vortex manipulator, River coordinates with The Doctor to set up a homing beacon allowing the Doctor to land the TARDIS. Grayle allows the Weeping Angel to grab River's wrist so he can interrogate her about the Angels. Deducing that River wrote the Melody Malone book, Amy identifies Rory's location using the chapter titles ("The Roman In The Cellar") and the Doctor sends her to rescue him. The Doctor sees that the only way to free River is to break her wrist, as foreshadowed in the book. The Doctor reads the chapter titles in the book and becomes frustrated when he sees one titled "Amelia's Last Farewell". Understanding that the future is fixed once it's read, the Doctor demands River find a way to free herself without breaking her wrist, thereby changing the future. A few minutes later River reappears, seemingly unharmed. The Doctor is elated, but minutes later discovers River broke her own wrist to escape. The Doctor takes River's wrist and uses regeneration energy (presumably leftover from her sacrifice in Let's Kill Hitler.) River then immediately slaps the Doctor for being overly sentimental.
The Doctor and River use River's vortex manipulator to discover Rory's whereabouts.
At Winter Quay, Rory is drawn to an apartment labelled with his name just as the Doctor, Amy, and River arrive. Inside, an elderly Rory is lying on a bed and calls Amy over before dying. The Doctor suggests that the Quay has been used by the Angels many times as a battery farm, leaving their victims to live out their lives in solitude while feeding on their energy. Rory and Amy refuse to accept their fate, insisting they can run from the Angels forever. Amy and Rory make it to the roof, where they encounter an angel in the form of the Statue of Liberty. Rory suggests another option: He plans to jump from the roof and die, creating a paradox that would destroy the building; if Rory dies on the roof it would be impossible for him to die in the room inside. He asks Amy to push him but she cannot bring herself to do so-- instead she chooses to jump with him, putting her faith in the paradox destroying the building, the Angels and the location itself, probably returning them to life. The paradox envelops the building and they all disappear. 
The four find themselves back in the 2012 graveyard again. As they are about to leave, Rory spots a tombstone with his name on it. He stops to examine it and is touched by a surviving, though weak, Angel which makes him disappear into fifty years before he was born. A distraught Amy convinces herself that if she were touched by the same Angel, it would send her to the same time period as it sent Rory. The Doctor desperately tries to talk her out of it, warning her that she would be creating fixed points in time and that he would never be able to see them again. River encourages her to go to be with Rory, and Amy says goodbye and allows the Angel to touch her. The tombstone changes to reflect Amy's presence in the past with Rory, both having died in their 80s.
River and the Doctor discuss the Melody Malone book, and River figures that Amy would be the one to publish it. River tells him she will have Amy write him an afterword on the last page. The Doctor races back to their picnic spot and retrieves the page he tore out earlier. In it, Amy tells him that both she and Rory love him and assures him that they lived a good and happy life together. She also suggests that he pay a visit to her younger self to reassure her that he will come back for her to take her on amazing journeys. The episode ends with a young Amelia Pond sitting in her back garden, then looking up and smiling as the TARDIS engines are heard.
Production.
In December 2011, "Doctor Who" showrunner Steven Moffat announced that Amy and Rory would leave in the seventh series in "heartbreaking" circumstances. Amy's exit was a mutual decision between Moffat and Gillan. Gillan stated that she wanted to go "on a high when the character was at her prime" and to "go with everything that she wants". She wanted her character to have a final ending, and ruled out returning to the show in the future as she felt it would take away from the impact of her final scene. Moffat stated he felt "tremendous pressure" writing Amy and Rory's ending. He later revealed that he "completely changed" the ending as he was writing it, feeling the emphasis was wrong. During rewrites Moffat went back and forth deciding whether or not Amy and Rory should live or die. He eventually decided that death would complement the storyline involving the "old, sentimental" and "dangerous" characterisation of the Doctor. At one point he considered making the story that involved the Daleks, but felt the Weeping Angels were a "better fit". Moffat was also interested in coming up with a new form for the Angels, and so he introduced the cherubs. He also said that since the Angels had debuted in "Blink", fans had suggested that the Statue of Liberty could be a Weeping Angel.
Gillan refused to read the script for a few weeks after she received it because she "didn't want to make it real". She said in an interview, "I literally couldn't read it without crying. It was the most highly-charged read-through I've ever experienced. But I couldn't have asked for a better exit. I don't think it'll be what people expect." A scene written by Chris Chibnall showing how Rory's father Brian (Mark Williams) became aware of Amy and Rory's fate did not make it into production. However, on 12 October 2012, the BBC released an animated storyboard entitled "P.S." that depicted the scene with narration by Darvill. It takes place one week later in Brian's timeline after "The Power of Three" when a man named Anthony delivers him a letter from Rory, telling him that they will never return and that Anthony is their son they adopted in 1946. The scene was written to be a DVD extra, and was not filmed due to time constraints.
The read-through for "The Angels Take Manhattan" took place in the Upper Boat Studios on 23 March 2012, alongside that for the episode "Asylum of the Daleks". The final episode Gillan and Darvill actually shot as Amy and Rory was actually the previous episode, "The Power of Three". Nevertheless, Gillan and Smith got very emotional filming the final graveyard scene. Amy and Rory's scene on the rooftop was filmed in a car park in Cardiff, Wales, with a greenscreen standing in for the New York skyline. To create the effect of the two plunging down, Gillan and Darvill were suspended upside-down by wires and raised and lowered. Much of the episode was filmed in Central Park in New York City in April 2012. The filming was attended by thousands of American fans, which surprised the cast and crew. Other scenes were shot at night in the city, as well as by the East River in front of the Brooklyn Bridge and in the Tudor City apartment complex. Moffat was in New York City when he came up with the story, and thought it was appropriate for the Weeping Angels. He described the city as "a different backdrop" to shoot a "Doctor Who" story in, and made use of its architecture. Fellow executive producer Caroline Skinner felt that the location "has such scale and romance" which " the episode a real atmosphere and a very different tone for "Doctor Who"". The week spent filming in the city was done by a "small unit by American standards" according to producer Marcus Wilson. They did not take any props of Angels or the TARDIS, which were instead added in post-production. Filming for the episode also occurred at a cemetery in Llanelli. During post-production, the New York skyline was inserted into the cemetery scenes. Gillan insisted on reading Amy's afterword to Smith when his reaction was filmed. They were not expecting it to be in front of a crowd in Central Park, and Smith said he had to "treat this like a play". Because the content was so secret, Gillan had to read very quietly and Smith could not hold the real page because a spectator might take a picture of it. Gillan found that she only had one page of the script, and had to improvise the rest.
The "Doctor Who" logo in the title sequence featured a texture showing the Statue of Liberty's crown, in keeping with the varied "blockbuster" themes for each of the opening five episodes of the series. The beginning of the episode features the song "Englishman in New York" by Sting. On 4 October 2012, BBC Books released the ebook "", a prequel to the story that the Doctor was reading in the episode.
Broadcast and reception.
"The Angels Take Manhattan" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on 29 September 2012 on BBC One, and on the same date in the United States on BBC America. Overnight ratings showed that it was watched by 5.9 million viewers live, an increase of 400,000 from the previous week. The final consolidated rating rose to 7.82 million viewers, making it the thirteenth most-watched programme of the week on British television. The episode also received 0.92 million requests on BBC's online iPlayer, placing it seventh for the month on the site despite only being available for a few days. It also received an Appreciation Index of 88, the second highest of the series behind "Asylum of the Daleks" (89).
Critical reception.
The episode received mostly positive reviews. Dan Martin of "The Guardian" gave a positive review, writing, "This was a fitting end to a golden era, and bravo to Steven Moffat for telling such an involving, emotional story with such style". He also praised the concept of the cherubs and the Angels in New York. However, he noted that he was "flummoxed" as to where in River's timeline the episode took place. "The Daily Telegraph" reviewer Gavin Fuller gave it five out of five stars, concluding "'The Angels Take Manhattan' brought this mini-run of the series to a close with easily the best episode of the five: a powerful, taut, compelling, filmic, emotionally punchy affair which re-established the Angels as one of the standout monsters of the series and gave Amy Pond a fine send off". While he praised the four actors he felt Gillan was the star, and noted that Rory did not "get any sort of send-off". Keith Phipps of "The A.V. Club" gave "The Angels Take Manhattan" a grade of A, attributing its success to "the way it does double duty as a twist adventure and a highly emotional story of farewells".
Sam Wollaston, also writing for "The Guardian", wrote positively of the scare factor in the episode, as well as the sadness. Neela Debnath of "The Independent" described it as a "wonderful swansong to the duo" and particularly praised the "stylish" cinematography and sense of danger. However, she considered the "only flaw" to be "the rule that time cannot be changed if one knows what is going to happen ... though it is probably best not to question the timey wimey side of things and just accept it and enjoy the adventure". IGN's Matt Risley rated the episode 9 out of 10, writing that it "stood strong as a heartfelt, emotional end for the TARDIS' longest serving companions (since the show's noughties' return at least), and the best episode of the season thus far". Risley also praised the three leads, though he did admit the episode "left a few nitpicky questions".
Digital Spy reviewer Morgan Jeffery gave "The Angels Take Manhattan" five out of five stars, despite noting "plotholes ... and slightly-too-convenient plot contrivances" and that Rory did not get a heroic exit. Jeffery particularly praised the build-up to Amy and Rory's departure as well as the "superb production design". Dave Golder of "SFX" awarded the episode four out of five stars, believing that the "bittersweet exit" of the Ponds distracted the viewer from various narrative problems, such as the Statue of Liberty. He felt that Gillan and Darvill "were on top form" as well as Smith's "brilliant performance" and a "less over-the-top River", and also wrote positively about the noir theme and the Angels using the Winter Quay as a battery farm. "The Huffington Post" writer Maureen Ryan was more critical of the episode, worrying that the BBC's international promotion of the show was to the detriment of the quality of the writing. She felt that Amy deserved a better exit and "was crowded out by the distracting presence of River Song and by the fact that Rory was the one to make the essential choices first". She also personally disliked the "timey-wimey" devices, and commented that the "big and operatic tone the director was clearly going for clashed with the mood of film noir" and that the Angels "felt less menacing" and the "pace was a little too frantic".
The episode was nominated for the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation (Short Form), alongside "Asylum of the Daleks" and "The Snowmen".

</doc>
<doc id="36736532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736532" title="Pulsatilla grandis">
Pulsatilla grandis

Pulsatilla grandis, or the Greater Pasque Flower, is a species of flowering plant in the genus "Pulsatilla" of the family Ranunculaceae. It is a perennial plant that grows on calcium-rich soil in dry grasslands, in rocky outcrops, and in pine and oak forests. It flowers from February to April, in the time of the Easter (which gives it its name), with intensively blue to violet flowers. Its silk stalk is protected from the cold by velvety trichomes (hairs). "Pulsatilla grandis" is native to the countries of Central, Eastern and Southeastern Europe, and is particularly frequent in Hungary. In some of them, it is classed as threatened.
Slovenia.
In Slovenia, "Pulsatilla grandis" (named , the Easter flower) is a rare and protected plant. It has four growing places in the country: the southern slope of Boč, near the village of Boletina, near the village of Ljubično, and near the village of Zlateče. All of them are situated in the sub-Pannonian phytogeographical area in the northeastern part of Slovenia. The plant is the symbol of the Boč–Donatus Mountain Landscape Park. On a small rise near the Boč growing place, a stone sculpture of the flower, created by the sculptor Franc Tobias from Razvanje, has been put on display in the 2000s. "Pulsatilla grandis" is also depicted on the coat of arms of the Diocese of Celje.

</doc>
<doc id="36736566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736566" title="Regional Council of Calabria">
Regional Council of Calabria

The Regional Council of Calabria, established in 1970, is one of the twenty Regional Councils of Italy and serves as the legislative body of the Province of Reggio Calabria in the south of Italy. It has fifty elected members and is now based at the Palazzo Campanella in the city of Reggio Calabria. 

</doc>
<doc id="36736569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736569" title="History of Piacenza F.C.">
History of Piacenza F.C.

The history of Piacenza Foot-Ball Club S.p.A. (usually denominated as Piacenza Calcio) has covered 93 years of the football from the club based in Piacenza, Emilia-Romagna. It was an Italian association football club founded in 1919. On 2012 the club was declared bankrupt and the team was disbanded.
The club won the Anglo-Italian Cup in 1986. The highest they have ever finished in their home league is 12th in Serie A, which they have achieved twice in 1997/1998 and 2001/2002. They spent much of their history in the lower divisions, suffering relegation in four of their first six Serie B seasons. They first reaching Serie A in the early nineties, and have been relegated to Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
Piacenza has been known in the past for its strong reluctance to use foreign players, using a team made up exclusively of Italians for most of its Serie A seasons.
From 1919 to 2012.
Foundation.
From the late 19th century football had begun gain popularity in Piacenza and was introduced into the college system along with cycling, gymnastics, archery and other sports. The spark that helped ignite football in the city was a student tournament in 1908. The football competition was played out between teams from various cities, and the team from Collegio Morigi from Piacenza were the victors.
The early football played in the city was limited to "friendlies" until Piacenza Calcio was founded in 1919 with the first club president as Giovanni Dosi. Dosi was an ambitious manager, taking control of every social, technical and administrative aspect of the club, with the sole focus at bringing the club into the national championship under the FIGC.
In their first season, the club played 12 games. Their opponents included; Parma, Reggiana, Spal, and prominent local side Bologna. The season was a great start for Piacenza, who only lost one game (1–0 to Bologna) gaining promotion to Prima Categoria. The first championship winning squad included the players Fontana, Armani, Meani, Sala I, Marelli, Paleari, Cella, Galimberti, Bossola, Giiumanini, Boselli, Ronchetti, Ventura, Sala II, Raina, Ziliani I, Ziliani II, Avogadri, Sala III and Antonini.
After spending much of the club's early life in the regional leagues, they entered into Serie C for the 1935–36 season, coming close to gaining promotion into Serie B during 1938 but lost out to Fanfulla.
Post-World War.
After World War II, Piacenza competed in Serie B for the first time, competing there for two seasons before falling back down to Serie C in 1948. During 1952 for the second time the club was close to promotion but lost out again, this time to Cagliari.
The club were punished for illicit sportsmanship in 1956 and were relegated to Serie D. This proved to be quite a heavy blow for the club as they would continue to yo-yo between Serie C and D until 1964. Piacenza finally returned to Serie B in 1969, under coach Tino Molina and president Vincenzo Romagnoli.
1970s and 1980s.
Piacenza's history until recent times was mostly undistinguished, with brief spells in Serie B in the 1940s and further spells in 1969–70, 1975–76 and 1987–88 to 1988–89.
Between Serie A and Serie B.
Promotion in 1991 saw a rise in the side's fortunes under coach Gigi Cagni with the club promoted to Serie A for the first time in 1993.
The 1993 side contained players such as midfielder Daniele Moretti, winger Francesco Turrini and forward Giampietro Piovani. They spent 1993–94 holding their own in mid-table and were on the fringes of a place in the UEFA Cup, but were unfortunate to be relegated on the final day. The club wisely chose to retain Cagni and most of his squad, and they would achieve promotion as Serie B champions in 1995.
The following five years saw the club win many supporters with its all-Italian lineup and successful battles against relegation. In 1997 the club acquired legendary hard man defender Pietro Vierchowod. Despite his advancing years, Vierchowod proved an outstanding purchase, more than holding his own in defence and even scoring decisive goals in the relegation battle. Relegation in 2000 was followed by an instant return to Serie A for two years with outstanding form shown by players like midfielder Enzo Maresca. 
The club has since remained in Serie B without threatening to mount a promotion challenge. On the final day of the 2006–07 Serie B season, the team needed a victory to force a Serie B promotion playoff, but were held to a draw, and thus the top 3 gained automatic promotion.
The club profited in the player sale by selling Daniele Cacia (50% €4.5 million), Hugo Campagnaro in summer 2007, and again in summer 2008 from Houssine Kharja and re-selling Cacia (€0.2 million net)
2010-11: Relegation to Prima Divisione.
However following a poor 2010-11 Serie B season, Piacenza found themselves in a relegation playoff against Albinoleffe which they lost due to Albinoleffe's higher league position. The club also had to finance the club with financial trick, which Matteo Colombi and Andrea Lussardi were sold to Internazionale but in swap deal, the time gap between receiving (booking) profit and amortize transfer fee made 2009–10 accounts was boosted for €3 million and the bought back action made true amortization cost in 2010–11 season was unchanged, however in 2011–12 accounts the club had to book around €750,000 (€3M divided by 4 year contract )amortization cost on Colombi and Lussardi.
2012: Final bankruptcy after relegation.
On 22 March 2012 Piacenza Calcio in strong financial difficulty was declared bankrupt by the court of Piacenza. In this season it was ranked 15th and relegated from Lega Pro Prima Divisione to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione after play-out. On 19 June 2012 the club was finally declared bankrupt and the team was disbanded.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors were red and white, prompting one of the team's nicknames, the Biancorossi. They are also known as the Papaveri (Poppies), and the Lupi (Wolves).
Stadium.
It played at the Stadio Leonardo Garilli, in Piacenza, which has a capacity of 21,608.
Honours.
Anglo-Italian Cup
Serie B
Serie C
Seconda Divisione
Emilian Championship:
(*) Finished equal first position but lost play-off game to A.C. Fanfulla 1874
The football in Piacenza now.
Piacenza Calcio 1919.
In summer 2012 the brand of the failed Piacenza was given for four years by the association "Salva Piace" to Lupa Piacenza, formerly "LibertaSpes". Its project was preferred to that of the other team town of Atletico BP Pro Piacenza. 
In the summer of 2013 it was renamed Piacenza Calcio 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="36736571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736571" title="Vanzina">
Vanzina

Vanzina is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736584" title="Vanzo">
Vanzo

Vanzo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736586" title="Pterostylis trullifolia">
Pterostylis trullifolia

Pterostylis trullifolia, commonly known as the trowel leaved orchid, is an orchid species native to New Zealand. 

</doc>
<doc id="36736594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736594" title="Vapaavuori">
Vapaavuori

Vapaavuori is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36736602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736602" title="Solomon Kwambe">
Solomon Kwambe

Solomon Sesugh Kwambe (born 30 September 1993) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Sunshine Stars F.C. as a defender. He is currently on trial with the Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer.
International career.
He made his debut for Nigeria versus Niger in a friendly game on 15 August 2012. He was selected for Nigeria's squad at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36736625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736625" title="Kanduah Mahakali High School">
Kanduah Mahakali High School

Kanduah Mahakali High School is a primary and secondary school located in Kanduah, Howrah district, West Bengal, India. The school is coeduational, serving about 1,070 students.

</doc>
<doc id="36736665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736665" title="Oil companies in Kenya">
Oil companies in Kenya

History.
The history of oil marketing in Kenya began in 1903 during colonial times. Initially kerosene was the main import in tins but later gasoline was imported in tins and drums. 
Royal Dutch Shell established the first depot on the island of Shimanzi.
Today.
The industry was controlled by a few major international players i.e. Exxon Mobil, Shell and Total with competition from some locally established ones such as Kenol/Kobil.

</doc>
<doc id="36736673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736673" title="Jürgen Raeymaeckers">
Jürgen Raeymaeckers

Jürgen Raeymaeckers (born 3 May 1985) is a Belgian football striker who currently plays for Zwarte Leeuw in the lower leagues of Belgian football. Before he played with both Lierse and Roeselare in the Belgian Pro League.
Career.
The winger/forward began his professional career with Lierse in 2004, scoring two times in 45 matches, before moving to Roeselare in 2006. As he did not get into the first team there, he left in 2007 to Belgian Second Division team OH Leuven. He left Leuven already few months later and moved to Sint-Niklaas in the Belgian Third Division. At Sint-Niklaas he was a regular, playing 52 matches in total. In 2010 he moved to Lille and afterwards Zwarte Leeuw.

</doc>
<doc id="36736675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736675" title="Percy Nolan">
Percy Nolan

Percy Leonard Nolan (1886–1954) was an Australian solicitor and mayor of Manly Council.
Early life.
Nolan was born in Queensland, the thirteenth child of Sara Susan (née Holme) and the Rev James Adams Nolan. His father was a Methodist minister and in 1885 president of the NSW and Queensland Methodist Conference. His mother worked for women’s suffrage and served as president of the Women’s Christian Temperance Union.
After early years in Queensland, where his father was chairman of the Ipswich Methodist District, Nolan moved with his family to New South Wales. He attended Fort Street High School for one year and then Newington College from 1899 until 1902.
Legal career.
Nolan studied law and served articles with Reginald Cowlishaw, of Robson and Cowlishaw in Sydney. In 1908 he was admitted as a solicitor. He lived in Manly from 1918 and in 1922 he became a partner in the firm of Turner, Nolan & Company.
Public office.
Nolan first served on Manly Council as an alderman in 1923. For three terms from 1936 he was Mayor of Manly and served in that role during the Diamond Jubilee celebrations of the council in 1937 and the Sesquicentennial celebrations of the white settlement of Sydney the following year. The Dobroyd Head scenic roadway, funded by the council, was opened during his mayoralty. The new Manly Town Hall and the Eric Andrew designed Surf Pavilion at South Steyne were also undertaken whilst he was mayor. The pavilion won the Sir John Sulman Medal but has since been demolished. During his term as mayor, he was active in convincing the state government to allow the rebuilding of harbour ferry wharf which stands to this day. For many years, Nolan pushed for the removal of the North Head Quarantine Station from Manly and called for its use as public open space. In 1924, Nolan was on the first board of the Manly Art Gallery and Museum and was a supporter of that unique municipal endeavour until his death. Just prior to his death on 3 June 1954 he received a certificate of merit from the Local Government Association of NSW for 25 years’ service to Manly Council. On his death at his residence in Margaret Street, Manly, he was survived by his wife, Irene, and daughters, Dorothy and Joyce. In 1955 Clontarf Road was renamed Nolan Place in his honour.
Opinions.
As a public figure, Nolan's views on various matters were often published and discussed. In 1936 he stated "that flats prevented the population increasing at the normal rate. People who lived in flats wanted motor cars, dancing, and picture shows rather than children." In 1938 he made national headlines when at the annual dinner of the Local Government Engineers' Association he reproved his hosts for not appearing in dinner jackets. He commented that few of them, although they were professional men, were wearing evening dress. "Clothes count ... they stamp the professional man as such, and I am surprised and disappointed that so few of you apparently realised this." As Mayor of Manly, Nolan wore the traditional black silk Geneva gown with purple velvet facings but believed he needed more ornamentation for the neck, so added a Jabot with seven cascades of lace foaming down from the collar.
Portrait photographs.
Photographic portraits of Nolan from 1925 until 1949 are held by Manly Public Library and are available on the National Library of Australia online database "Trove".

</doc>
<doc id="36736693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736693" title="Tinetti test">
Tinetti test

The Tinetti Test (TT), or Performance Oriented Mobility Assessment (POMA) is a common clinical test for assessing a person's static and dynamic balance abilities. It is named after one of the inventors, Mary Tinetti. 
The test is in two short sections, one examining static balance abilities in a chair and then standing, and the other gait. The two sections are sometimes used as separate tests. 
It has numerous other names, including Tinetti Gait and Balance Examination, Tinetti’s Mobility Test, Tinetti Balance Test, the wide variation in naming, test sections and cut off values sometimes cause confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="36736699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736699" title="Parent trigger">
Parent trigger

A parent trigger is a legal maneuver through which parents can change the administration of a poorly performing public school—most notably, by transforming it into a charter school.
The first parent trigger law was passed by the California legislature in January 2010. Similar laws have been adopted subsequently by Louisiana, Mississippi, Connecticut, Texas, Indiana and Ohio. The law has been invoked by parents in the Compton and Adelanto school districts of California; both efforts have been blocked by legal challenges.
History.
Parent trigger laws were first introduced by the Los Angeles Parents Union (LAPU), founded in 2006 by Green Dot Public Schools, a charter school company. Green Dot, led by Steve Barr, also conducted campaigns in Watts—using a pre-existing law for school transformation based on petitions from teachers—to transform public schools into charter schools. 
In May 2009, Green Dot formed Parent Revolution, a group specifically intended to lobby for parent trigger laws and retaining LAPU head Ben Austin as Executive Director. The laws envisioned would allow 51% of parents to form a Parent Union with control over their school and the ability to transform it into a charter. Speaking at a meeting organized by Green Dot, LA mayor Antonio Villaraigosa expressed support for the proposed laws. United Teachers Los Angeles (UTLA) criticized Green Dot and the mayor for attempted union busting. 
In November 2009, the Los Angeles Unified School District passed parent trigger rules stating that a majority of parents or future parents could transfer a school to outside management. The decision won praise from Parents Revolution and criticism from UTLA. Some charter operators said that the rules, which required charter schools to include some neighborhood students, and to employ custodial services from the district, did not go far enough. Parent Revolution, Mayor Villaraigosa, and others urged the state to pass similar laws. 
In January 2010, the California legislature passed a "Parent Empowerment" law (Article 3 of SBX54, introduced by Senator Gloria J. Romero and Senator Bob Huff and signed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger), becoming the only state in the nation with a parent trigger law. The law's passage, just before a federal deadline on January 19, allowed California to compete for $700 million in federal Race to the Top funding (which it did not ultimately receive) by complying with a Race to the Top requirement that test scores be used to evaluate teachers. SBX54 also includes an "open enrollment" provision, allowing students in underperforming schools to apply for admission at any other school. 
Parent Revolution—with a $1 million annual budget funded by the Gates Foundation, the Walton Family Foundation, the Wasserman Foundation, the Broad Foundation, and the Hewlett Foundation—announced intentions to seek parent trigger actions across California. Two efforts have been conducted thus far. 
Similar parent trigger laws have been proposed in more than 20 states, and been enacted in Mississippi, Texas, Indiana, and Louisiana. A variation on the law, which uses parents' councils, was passed in Connecticut. Ohio has established a pilot version of the law which applies only to the Columbus City Schools. One parent trigger law was defeated in Florida. 
Public advocates for parent trigger laws, besides Parent Revolution, include The Heartland Institute, Stand for Children, and Michelle Rhee. The "New York Times" reported in 2010 that Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel support parent trigger laws. President Barack Obama voted "present" on the legislation; Mitt Romney supports it.
Provisions.
California's trigger law applies to schools with an Academic Performance Index score of below 800. Parents of children attending these schools may petition for one or more of four options:
If at least half of the school's parents sign a petition, the school district must implement the policy they choose. The aggregate group of parents whose children are likely to attend a school in the future have, independently, the same power.
Implementation.
As of May 2013, at least three school districts have been petitioned to implement a trigger: Compton Unified School District, Adelanto School District, and the Los Angeles Unified School District.
Compton.
In Compton, Parent Revolution collected parent signatures to transfer administration of McKinley Elementary School to Celerity Education Group, a charter operator. Paid staffers were joined by 15 parent volunteers who formed a group called McKinley Parents for Change. The drive yielded signatures representing 61% of McKinley families. 
Compton Unified School District, along with some unsatisfied parents, challenged the petition, arguing that Parent Revolution had given parents no choice in how to change the school (deciding beforehand on a charter school managed by Celerity) and questioning the validity of the signatures produced by the group. Parents criticized Parents Revolution, McKinley Elementary, and teachers for harassing them and pushing their own agendas during the conflict. Between 50 and 60 parents revoked their signatures after discovering what the petition was for, stating that Parent Revolution had misled them about its effects. The school district demanded photographic identification to back up the parent signatures on the petition; Parent Revolution responded with a lawsuit that called this request undemocratic. 
Ultimately, the parent trigger at McKinley was not enacted. Celerity opened a charter school at the Church of the Redeemer two blocks away. Predictions that the new charter school would undermine McKinley were disproven when most of the new school's students came from elsewhere.
Adelanto.
Parent Revolution's second attempt at a parent trigger occurred in Adelanto, CA, at Desert Trails Elementary. With the assistance of six parent volunteers, the group collected signatures for a petition to turn Desert Trails into a charter school. Similar disputes arose, with blame assigned to both sides—the core issue being the validity of the signatures on the petition. These signatures represented 70% of the school's 666 students. 
However, support for the parent trigger action dropped below the required 50% when 90 parents rescinded their signatures, claiming like their Compton counterparts to have been misled. The Adelanto school board initially rejected the petition, calling too many of the signatures invalid. 
In July 2012, a California Superior Court decision overruled the board in favor of the petition, stating that the state law did not allow parents to revoke their signatures. The school board rejected this plan also, saying there was not time to create a new school before September 2012, and instead creating an advisory committee called the Alternative Governance Board. This body would consist of three parents, three teachers, two representatives of the superintendent, and a community member. According to many, this action constituted open defiance of the court's decision. 
The parents are expected to challenge the decision again in court, raising the legal question of whether the law gives the school or the parents the final authority over implementing reforms. As litigation continued into the 2012 school year, the pro-trigger parents (who formed a group called the Desert Trails Parents Union) have solicited proposals for new schools from several charter operators.
Criticism.
Groups such as the Center for Teacher Quality and Fund Education Now have described the campaign for parent trigger laws as astroturfing—a fake popular movement which is actually originated by a wealthy elite. Other groups also focused on reforming public school education, such as the Center for Education Reform, point out that teachers' unions regularly spend substantial sums of money defeating Parental Choice, charter schools, tuition vouchers and other education reforms -- and that "astroturfing" isn't limited to any one side in education debates. 
In the case of Parent Revolution, critics point to sponsorship by the Green Dot charter company. Related arguments have been directed at the 2012 film "Won't Back Down", which promotes parent trigger laws. "Won't Back Down" was created by Philip Anschutz's Walden Media and supported by Walmart and the American Legislative Exchange Council. Critics have echoed union claims that a primary goal of the campaign is to circumvent union protections for public school teachers. 
Some parents and community leaders in Compton criticized Parent Revolution for misleading petitioners about the nature of parent trigger laws. They also cited Parent Revolution's lack of transparency and apparently top-down organization. A speech from Mayor Villaraigosa in favor of a parent trigger for McKinley Elementary triggered demonstrations, with signs reading "Our Kids Are Not for Sale" and chants of "No charter school!" Others noted that McKinley's test scores were already improving and suggested that Parent Revolution chose the school cynically in order to capture its positive results. Caroline Grannan of Parents Across America argues that the petitions have been divisive among parents in the districts where they were attempted.

</doc>
<doc id="36736758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736758" title="Combretastatin B-1">
Combretastatin B-1

Combretastatin B-1 is a combretastatin and a dihydrostilbenoid. It can be found in "Combretum caffrum", the Eastern Cape South African bushwillow tree or in "Combretum kraussii", the forest bushwillow.

</doc>
<doc id="36736768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736768" title="Thick as Thieves (novel)">
Thick as Thieves (novel)

Thick as Thieves is a 2011 novel by American author Peter Spiegelman. The book is the fifth novel by Spiegelman and was released on July 26, 2011 in the United States through Knopf. The story surrounds a group of thieves following their reluctant leader Carr as he plans a million-dollar heist of a criminals compound. The novel was well received.
Plot.
"Thick as Thieves" follows a group of high-end criminals and their reluctant leader Carr. Carr was inducted as a thief by the group's previous leader, Declan (aka "Deke") who died during the getaway from their previous job, and feels that he is not the right person to take over the role, despite this having been Declans overall intention for him. The group plan to steal millions of dollars from a former hedge fund manager named Curtis Prager, who is now engaging in large amounts of illegal activity.
Reception.
The book was well received, with reviewers praising Spiegelman's prose and ability to create an interesting story using a clichéd premise.
Tom Nolan, for the "Wall Street Journal", stated that "there's no dearth of heart-pounding, pulse-racing, stomach-dropping moments" in the novel. He also praised the prose, stating that "Mr. Spiegelman describes things with flair", finding that "Such prose creates a special tension and pictorial vividness, to add to the book's intelligently structured thriller plot", concluding that "readers may find themselves lingering over many of these well-wrought phrases before racing to the final exciting page." "Kirkus Reviews" also praised Speigelmans writing, finding the novel to be "Character-driven with a protagonist as enigmatic as he is compelling. But what really sets this apart is the quality of Spiegelman's writing"; "it's not every day genre prose gets that kind of polish." Bruce Tierney, for "BookPage", called the story a "genre-defining heist novel", concluding that ""Thick as Thieves" is a superbly crafted tale, pulsing with tension, twisty as a corkscrew and positively demanding to be read in one sitting." Rob Brunner, for "Entertainment Weekly", awarded the novel a score of "B+", stating that while the novel features "some stock characters and a premise as clichéd as its title", it is also a "well-constructed crime thriller". Brunner goes on to state that he found the novel to be "a complex, satisfying tale" and praised "Spiegelman's sharp prose and deft plotting".
Awards and nominations.
The novel was recognised Kirkus Reviews editor Elaine Szewczyk as one of the "Best Fiction novels of 2011".

</doc>
<doc id="36736786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736786" title="Alder's End">
Alder's End

Alder's End is a small village in Herefordshire, England. It is about 8 miles (13km) east of Hereford and is near the A438 road. 

</doc>
<doc id="36736798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736798" title="Otabek Shamuradov">
Otabek Shamuradov

Otabek Shamuradov is an Uzbekistan football midfielder who played for Uzbekistan in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Neftchi Farg'ona

</doc>
<doc id="36736799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736799" title="Paul from the kindred Balog">
Paul from the kindred Balog

Paul from the kindred Balog () was the bishop of Pécs in the Kingdom of Hungary between 1293 and 1306. He studied in the University of Bologna and achieved a doctorate in law. Paul returned to Hungary with a library worthing 1,000 marks, but his books were annihilated in the course of a civil war in 1276. His superiors, including King Ladislaus IV of Hungary often sent him to Rome in order to represent their interests at the Holy See. Although he administered the vacant see of Pécs from 1287, he was only consecrated bishop in 1293. Initially, he supported King Andrew III of Hungary, but after the king's death he joined Prince Charles of Naples, the claimant supported by Pope Benedict VIII to the Hungarian throne.
Life.
Paul was born in a family whose ancestral lands were located in Gömör County. His two uncles, Paul and Benedict were employed in the retinue of Maria Laskarina, wife of Béla IV of Hungary. His namesake uncle seems to have paved the way for Paul to the royal court. It was also his uncle (then bishop of Veszprém) who introduced Paul to the cathedral chapter of his see by appointing him archdeacon of Somogy County. The income of this prebend enabled Paul to finance his studies in the University of Bologna from 1269 to 1273. He was later styled "legum doctor", suggesting that he did not restricted his studies to canon law, but also got a degree in Roman law.
Although Paul only returned to Hungary a year after his uncle's death, he was appointed the provost of the cathedral chapter of Veszprém in 1275 at the latest. However, Veszprém was taken and pillaged by the troops of Palatine Peter Csák, enemy of Bishop Peter Kőszegi of Veszprém in 1276. According to Paul's account, his own damages amounted to around 4,000 marks, including the loss of his books. In short time Paul received a prebend in the cathedral chapter of Esztergom. However, at that time the canons of Esztergom were divided among the partisans of Peter Kőszegi and his opponent, Nicholas Kán, thus both prelates were elected archbishop. Peter Kőszegi sent Paul to Rome in order to receive papal support for his case, but the pope declared the see of Esztergom vacant and ordered a new election in June 1278. A royal charter of 1286 reveals that King Ladislaus IV also sent Paul several times to Rome. In addition, Paul served Elizabeth of Sicily, wife of Ladislaus IV, as her chancellor at least from 1281.
Archbishop Lodomer of Esztergom promoted Paul to the provostship of the cathedral chapter of his see in 1287, and also entrusted him with the administration of the vacant bishopric of Pécs. Although he governed the diocese from Esztergom, the cathedral chapter of Pécs started again issuing official documents after a break of nearly 20 years. Paul was consecrated bishop of Pécs in the first half of 1293. He soon assisted Tomasina Morosini, mother of King Andrew III in taking Dunaszekcső, a fortress held by the king's enemy, Mizse, the former Palatine. The queen mother also employed Bishop Paul as her chancellor from 1295 at the latest. Paul was present in Vienna at the engagement of King Andrew III's daughter, Elizabeth, to Wenceslaus, the heir apparent to the crown of Bohemia in 1298, which proves that he remained faithful to King Andrew III in that chaotic period. Pécs was taken and pillaged around 1300 by Heyze, the brother of the monarch's one-time opponent, Mizse.
Bishop Paul joined the party of Charles, the Neapolitan claimant to the throne of Hungary against the Czech Wenceslaus after the death of King Andrew III in 1301. His choice was in line with the policy adopted by the Holy See in the conflict for the Holy Crown of Hungary. Paul participated at the synod of the Hungarian prelates convoked by the papal legate, Cardinal Nicholas Boccasini. Additionally, he often advised the papal legate on legal issues concerning customary law in the Kingdom of Hungary. He also took part in the unsuccessful siege of Buda in September 1302 by Charles of Naples. 
Paul seems to have been the bishop of Pécs who set up the bishop's chapel consisting of the clerics directly serving him. He appointed the provost of Pécs to the head of this new diocesan body, suggesting that he maintained a good relationship with the cathedral chapter at his see. He organized for the first time a procession in Pécs against tempest and thunderbolt on the day following the Feast of Corpus Christi. Bishop Paul was last mentioned in August 1304, but he died in the first half of 1305 according to the records on his successor's election.

</doc>
<doc id="36736806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736806" title="C. kraussii">
C. kraussii

C. kraussii may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36736840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736840" title="Wright T-3 Tornado">
Wright T-3 Tornado

The Wright T-3 Tornado, also given the USAF designation Wright V-1950 was an American liquid-cooled aircraft piston engine, designed in the early 1920s.
Development.
The T-3 was the third in the line of 'T' (Tornado) series engines developed by Wright Aeronautical on the lines of the Wright-Hisso engines produced during the First World War using monobloc cylinder blocks and gear driven overhead camshafts. The T-1 of 1921 had a power output of 500 hp (373 kW), and went into production as the T-2 in 1922 with an increase in power to 525 hp (391 kW). The T-3 and T-3A appeared from 1923 producing 575 hp (429 kW) with the final development, the T-4, producing 675 hp (503 kW) by December of that year. Wright attempted to build a racing version of the T rated at 700 hp (522 kW) to rival the Curtiss D-12, but this was not pursued.

</doc>
<doc id="36736852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736852" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 800 metres">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 800 metres

The Women's 800 metres competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. The event were held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 17–19.
Competition format.
The competition had four heats in the first round, two semi-finals and a final. The top four in the first round heats progressed. The top four finishers in the semi-final race reached the finals.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36736888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736888" title="Mukhtar Kurbanov">
Mukhtar Kurbanov

Mukhtar Kurbanov is an uzbekistan football Midfielder who played for Uzbekistan in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Metallurg Bekobod, Zhetysu Taldykorgan, Yassy Sayram, Kayrat Almaty, Dustlik Toshkent, Neftchi Fargona, Pakhtakor Toshkent, Navbahor Namangan, MSHK Toshkent and Temiryulchi Qogon

</doc>
<doc id="36736897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736897" title="YU retROCKspektiva">
YU retROCKspektiva

YU retROCKspektiva (trans. "YU retROCKspektive") is a compilation album series released by Serbian record label Komuna in 1994. The discs, compiled by Serbian music critics Bogoljub Mijatović and Peca Popović, feature songs by artists from the former Yugoslav rock scene.
"Sve smo mogli mi: Akustičarska muzika".
The disc Sve smo mogli mi: Akustičarska muzika (trans. "We Could Have Done All: Acoustic Music") featured songs by artists from the former Yugoslav acoustic rock scene.
"Da li znaš da te volim: Balade".
The disc Da li znaš da te volim: Balade (trans. "Did You Know that I Love You: Ballads") featured love ballads by former Yugoslav rock artists.
"U mojim venama: Etno rock".
The disc U mojim venama: Etno rock (trans. "In My Veins: Ethnic Rock") featured folk rock songs by former Yugoslav artists.
"Jednoj ženi: Instrumentalna muzika".
The disc Jednoj ženi: Instrumentalna muzika (trans. "To a Woman: Instrumental Music") featured instrumental songs by former Yugoslav artists.
"Pakleni vozači: Jugoslovenski hard rock".
The disc Pakleni vozači: Jugoslovenski hard rock (trans. "Hell Riders: Yugoslav Hard Rock") featured songs by former Yugoslav hard rock and heavy metal artists.
"Niko kao ja: Jugoslovenski novi talas".
The disc Niko kao ja: Jugoslovenski novi talas (trans. "No One like Me: Yugoslav New Wave") featured songs by artists from the former Yugoslav new wave scene, but also songs by the acts which emerged from the scene, Katarina II and Disciplina Kičme.
"Sjaj izgubljene ljubavi: Muzika šezdesetih".
The disc Sjaj izgubljene ljubavi: Muzika šezdesetih (trans. "Spark of the Lost Love: Music of the Sixties") featured songs by former Yugoslav acts from the 1960s, mostly by beat bands.
"Volim, volim, volim žene: Pevačice i ženske grupe".
The disc Volim, volim, volim žene: Pevačice i ženske grupe (trans. "I Love, I Love, I Love, I Love Women: Female Singers and Girl Bands") featured songs by former Yugoslav female solo singers, all-female bands and bands with female vocalists.
Unlike the other discs, which were named after a song which appears on them, "Volim, volim, volim žene: Pevačice i ženske grupe" was named after a song by Riblja Čorba.
"Plima: Progresivna muzika".
The disc Plima: Progresivna muzika (trans. "Tide: Progressive Music") featured songs by former Yugoslav progressive rock artists.
"Kurvini sinovi: Protestne pesme".
The disc Kurvini sinovi: Protestne pesme (trans. "Sons of Whores: Protest Songs") featured political- and social-related songs by former Yugoslav artists.

</doc>
<doc id="36736912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736912" title="Abdimajit Tairov">
Abdimajit Tairov

Abdimajit Tairov is an Uzbekistan football defender who played for Uzbekistan in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Shurtan Guzor, FC Neftchi, Xorazm Urganch, [ Andijon FK and Navbahor Namangan.

</doc>
<doc id="36736917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736917" title="Ralph K. Pedersen">
Ralph K. Pedersen

Ralph K. Pedersen is a nautical archaeologist from Levittown (Island Trees) New York, USA. He is currently the DAAD Gastdozent für Nautische Archäologie at Philipps-Universität Marburg, and has been Distinguished Visiting Professor in Anthropology and Knapp Chair in Liberal Arts at the University of San Diego, and the Whittlesey Chair Visiting Assistant Professor in the Department of History and Archaeology at the American University of Beirut.
Research.
Pedersen holds a doctorate from the Nautical Archaeology Program at Texas A&M University. His dissertation entitled "The Boatbuilding Sequence in the Gilgamesh Epic and the Sewn Boat Relation" examines and reinterprets the construction of the Ark of the Deluge in light of archaeological and ethnographic evidence in Arabia, Africa, and India. The focus of this work is that the ark as depicted in the epic was of sewn construction, a determination that pushes back the technology to the 13th century B.C. A popular article on this was the cover feature for Biblical Archaeology Review in 2005.
Pedersen is currently the principal investigator for nautical archaeology projects in Lebanon and Saudi Arabia. He has been a team member of the excavation of the Bronze Age shipwreck at Uluburun, Turkey; served as daily field director for the 1991 excavation of a 17th-century wreck at Monte Cristi, Dominican Republic under USD Anthropology Associate Professor Jerome Lynn Hall; surveyed underwater in Bahrain in 1993; excavated a 1500-year-old shipwreck at Black Assarca Island, Eritrea; surveyed shipwrecks off New York's Long Island, and served as an Associate Director of India's Kadakkarapally Boat Project, which involved a thousand-year-old ship found under a coconut grove in Kerala. In 2004 he conducted an underwater survey at Tell el-Burak in Lebanon, and in 2007 in the waters off the early Bronze Age tell at Fadous-Kfarabida for the American University of Beirut. Pedersen has been a research associate with the Institute of Nautical Archaeology, based at Texas A&M University, since 1992.
In 2012, Pedersen along with colleagues from Philipps-Universität Marburg in Germany began a multi-year archaeological survey Saudi Arabia’s Red Sea coast to locate and document shipwrecks and ancient harbors. Also in the same year he conducted a re-assessment of the archaeological site in Beirut, Lebanon known as the “Venus Towers Site,” which was claimed by a local activist group to be a Phoenician port. Pedersen’s study refuted that determination as no evidence was found to support the maritime interpretation of the site, and that specific features within the site demonstrated the impossibility of the use of the place for ships.
In addition to his doctorate, Pedersen holds a BA in Anthropology and Linguistics from the State University of New York at Stony Brook, and an MA in Anthropology/Nautical Archaeology from Texas A&M University.
References.
Bossone, A. "Roman Building Mistaken for Phoenician Port." Nature Middle East, 16 August 2012.
Blue, L. "The Red Sea." In "The Oxford Handbook of Maritime Archaeology." Oxford University Press, 2011. pp. 495–512.
Institute of Nautical Archaeology Research Associates
Pedersen, R. “Harboring History: How the Phoenicians Tamed the Sea and Created an Empire.” Gateway. American University of Beirut. Winter 2011.
Pedersen, R. “A Clench-Fastened Boat in Kerala, India.” The International Journal of Nautical Archaeology 39.1 (2010): 110-115.
Pedersen, R. “Seeking Early Bronze Age Mariners: Undersea at Tell Fadous-Kfarabida, Lebanon.”
The INA Annual, (2008), Institute of Nautical Archaeology.
Pedersen, R. “The Underwater Survey at Tell Fadous-Kfarabida, Lebanon.”
Bulletin d’archéologie et architecture Libanaises (BAAL) 11 (2007): 17-23.
Pedersen, R. “The Byzantine-Aksumite Period Shipwreck at Black Assarca Island, Eritrea.” Azania (2008)XLIII: 77-94.
Pedersen, R. “Was Noah’s Ark a Sewn Boat?” Biblical Archaeology Review 31.3, May/June (2005): 18-56.
Pedersen, R. “Shipwreck in a Coconut Grove: The Kadakkarapally Boat.” The INA Quarterly 31.2 (2004): 3-9. Institute of Nautical Archaeology.
Pedersen, R. “Traditional Arabian Watercraft and The Ark of the Gilgamesh Epic: Interpretations and Realizations.” Proceedings of the Seminar for Arabian Studies 34 (2004): 231-238.
Pedersen, R. “Under the Erythraean Sea: An Ancient Shipwreck in Eritrea.” INA Quarterly 27. 2/3 (2000): 3-12. Institute of Nautical Archaeology.
Saudi Commission for Tourism and Antiquites. "SCTA signs three agreements with German scientific organizations in the antiquities area."
Wolter, S. Wracks künden von versunkenen Kulturen "Thuringisch Landeszeitung." 14 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36736924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736924" title="Fæstningens Materialgård">
Fæstningens Materialgård

Fæstningens Materialgård is a former military storage facility at 30 Frederiksholms Kanal in Copenhagen, Denmark. Arranged around a central courtyard, the individual buildings have been built to a homogeneious design, all with yellow-washed facades, green doors and gates, white window frames and red tile roofs, but they have in fact been accumulated over an extended period of time, mainly between 1740 and 1925. They also integrate visually and physically with the adjacent "Civiletatens Materialgård", a storage facility associated with the royal palaces, and the Royal Horse Guards Barracks, together forming an area of low, yellow buildings surrounded on three sides by Frederiksholm Canal, Bryghusgade and Vester Voldgade.
The International Federation for Housing and Planning maintains an office at 30 Frederiksholms Kanal.
History.
Frederiksholm Canal was dug in 1681 and a new military storage facility, "Fæstningens Materialgård", was established as a replacement of its predecessor in Rigensgade. None of these original buildings exist today.
Layout and architecture.
The complex consists of four building volumes and two small sheds, interconnected by walls and surrounding a large courtyard. The main entrance to the area is through a gate on the corner of Frederiksholms Kanal and Bryghusgade. The courtyard contains a small garden with Magnolia trees and roses.
The buildings were listed by the Danish Heritage Agency in 1952 and the listing was extended to also include the courtyard environment with its original paving.
The Storage Keeper's House.
The oldest building which still exists today is the Storage Kepper's House ("Materialforvalterboligen") from 1740, located immediately to the right of the main gate and facing the canal. The architect is not known but may have been Johan Cornelius Krieger.
The building is nine bays wide and has a red mansard roof with a large wall dormer both on its front and rear sides.
The interiors combine elements from the Baroque, Empire and Neoclassicism. The ground floor originally served representative purposes and is richly decorated. The first floor served as a residence and is built to a more simple design. The building still has its original window frames, doors, shutters and panelling.
Bryghusgade Wing.
On the other side of the main entrance, along Bryghusgade, lies a building know as the Storage Building ("Magasinbygningen"). It was originally built in 1768 but has later been extended twice and the interiors have been altered.
Vester Voldgade Wing.
The 45-bay long half-timbered building on the rear side of the complex was built in 1748 along the city's West Rampart, now Vester Voldgade. The main facade of the building faces the courtyard where two dormers, originally with hoists, break up the monotony of the large tile roof. It was originally used for storage of materials and also contained stables in its eastern end.
Overhang Building.
Originally two individual structures, separated by a pit for production of slaked lime, the Overhang Buildings ("Halvtagsbygningen") were constructed in 1819 along the boundary to Civiletatens Materialgård, the name referring to the large overhang of their skillion roofs. The building to the south was a storage shed and the building to the north contained a workshop. In 1925 they were connected to form one large building. A dormer window almost the full length of the building was added in the 1970s.
Realdania renovation.
Fæstningens Materialgård was acquired by the Realdania foundation in 2007. The complex has subsequently been subject to a demonstration project targeted at investigating possibilities of carrying out and optimizing energy-saving renovations of listed buildings without compromising their architectural and historical qualities.
The renovation was completed in 2012 when the buildings were converted into office space. It required large technical installations which have been placed in a disused underground bunker beneath the couthyard.
IFHP Copenhagen office.
The International Federation for Housing and Planning which collaborates with Realdania opened an office at 30 Frederiksholms Kanal in 2012. It is headed by Regitze Marianne Hess.

</doc>
<doc id="36736933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736933" title="Miscellaneous Pageants 1986-92">
Miscellaneous Pageants 1986-92

• Miss Intercontinental pageants were not held from 1984 to 1992. Those years were held contests that were not Miss Intercontinental contests but are included in official archive of this pageant.In 1986 a Nigerian organization took over a contest that was named "Miss Africa World"', but in 1987 its name was changed to "Miss Africa International". It did In November 1987 but title announced for 1988. The pageant was held until 1991. In 1991 contest of "Miss Friendship"' was held in Bonn, Germany that was continued until 1992.
References.
Pageantopolis

</doc>
<doc id="36736941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736941" title="Vojtěch I of Pernstein">
Vojtěch I of Pernstein

Vojtěch I of Pernstein (also known as "Adalbert I of Pernstein", ; 4 April 1490 at Moravský Krumlov Castle – 17 March 1534 in Prague) was a Bohemian nobleman. He was High Hofmeister of Bohemia from 1514 to 1523 and from 1526, he was governor of Bohemia. He was considered one of the richest magnates in Bohemia.
Life.
His parents were William II of Pernstein and Johanna of Liblitz (). Little is know about his childhood. In 1497, at the age of seven, he and his elder brother Jhn III were knighted at Pardubice Castle by Ling Vladislav II of Bohemia and Hungary, who was on his way from Prague to Hungary.
In 1507, he married Margaret of Kostka of Postupic. His brother John III married Margaret's sister Anna later that year. Vojtěch and Margaret initially resided at Lanškroun Castle.
His father held the office of High Hofmeister of Bohemia until 1514, when it was transferred to Vojtěch, with permission of the King. However, the Estates objected, pointing out that Vojtěch was only 24 years old and did not have any relevant experience. William, Vojtěch's father argued that he had received the office for life in 1490, so that the transfer only meant that Vojtěch would inherit the office when William died. William felt that Lanškroun Castle was unsuiteble for Hluboká, now that he held high office and therefore gave him Hluboká Castle, which he had purchased in 1490 from the Bohemian Chamber. Consequently, Vojtěch styled himself after 1515, or in German "Adalbert von Perstein and Frauenberg".
When his father died in 1521, Vojtěch inherited his Bohemian possessions, while his brother John III inherited the Moravian possessions. Vojtěch moved to Pardubice Castle, which he rebuilt in Renaissance style, and began styling himself "Vojtěch of Pernštejn and Pardubice" (). In the same year, he inherited Chlumec nad Cidlinou from William Kostka of Postupic, the father of his first wife, even though he had since remarried. He also rebuilt the castle in Chlumec nad Cidlinou in Renaissance style.
Shortly after his father's death, Vojtěch and his brother John sided with the Utraquists. This may have been the reason why he lost the post of High Hofmeister, which King Louis II of Bohemia and Hungary temporarily gave to Charles I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels. Nevertheless, the King confirmed Vojtěch later that year as pledge holder of several possessions in eastern Bohemia, including Kunětice Mountain Castle, and assured him he would only lose those possessions if the original owners redeemed their loans. In this case, the original owner had been Opatovice Monastery, which had been destroyed during the Hussite wars, this confirmation virtually assured that Vojtěch would be allowed to keep these possessions.
Although Vojtěch had lost he post of High Hofmeister, he still exterted considerable influence until King Louis II died in 1526. Vojtěch was considered a candidate to succeed him, along with Charles I of Münsterberg-Oels, Frederick II of Legnica and Zdeňek Lev of Rožmitál. Among the foreign candidates, Vojtěch supported the Wittelsbach candidate, Louis X. When the Habsburg candidate, Ferdinand I was elected, Vojtěch changed sides and supported him. Ferdinand then appointed Vojtěch Landeshauptmann of Bohemia.
In 1527, Vojtěch acquired more possessions in eastern Bohemia, including Náchod and Nové Město nad Metují, where a beautiful Renaissance castle built by Vojtěch still stands. In 1531, he acquired the pledge over Kolín, also in eastern Bohemia. Vojtěch was a notable art lover. He built castles in Renaissance style and furnished them and decorated them with precious wall paintings.
He died in 1534 in Prague and was buried in a marble Sarcophagus in the St. Bartholomew's Church in Pardubice. Since he had no male heir, his brother John III inherited his entire estate, except for a small share for Vojtěch's daughters. Vojtěch's widow, Johanna of Wartenberg, received Nové Město nad Metují as her widow seat, however, she died two years later.
Marriages and issue.
Vojtěch married Margaret Kostka of Postupic in 1507; she died in 1515. They had one son:
Vojtěch then remarried to Johanna of Wartenberg (; d. 1536). This marriage produced three daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="36736943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736943" title="Georgiy Zabirov">
Georgiy Zabirov

Georgiy Zabirov is an uzbekistan football Goalkeeper who played for Uzbekistan in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for FK Chirchik, SKA-Pahktakor-79 Toshkent, MSHK Toshkent, Neftchi Fargona, Navbahor Namangan and FK Andijon.

</doc>
<doc id="36736970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736970" title="Dutta Vs Dutta">
Dutta Vs Dutta

Dutta Vs Dutta is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Anjan Dutt. This is Anjan Dutt's semi-autobiographical film. Most of the film has been shot in a house of Amherst Street in Kolkata. Anjan has described this house resonated feel of his old house of Beniapukur.
The film received positive reviews. According to Anandabazar Patrika reviewer Sangeeta Bandopadhyay, this was Anjan Dutt's best film. This opnion has been supported by another Bengali newspaper "Ei Samay" too.
Plot.
Biren Dutta is a lawyer. He is unsuccessful in his career and does not have any client. His wife is an alcoholic.The couple has one son and one daughter. Biren Dutta has an extra-marital affair with his only client.
Biren's daughter China first falls in love with Ghenti Kaku who is of her father's age and later falls in love with a guy who is involved with Naxalite movement and finally runs away with him without the permission of her parents.
Their teenager son Rono comes back from boarding school since their father could not pay his tuition fees. Dutta wants his son to be a barrister but his son wants to become an actor. Father of Dutta comes back briefly and starts a music school within the house. Later Biren Dutta's daughter comes back with her Naxal husband, which makes the father moist and accept him.The couple later settles in the US. In the meanwhile one of Rono's Naxalite friends takes shelter in the house to evade police. Biren Dutta was unaware of this and when the police knocked at the house searching for the boy, he challenges the police. The police takes him away to police station to drop him after 3 days, brutally beaten up. This causes a major setback to Dutta and since then he stops talking to anyone. At the end, Rono gets a chance in a film by Mrinal Sen (Anjan Dutta's first film was also with Mrinal Sen) - the movie ends at that positive note.
Filming.
In this film director Anjan Dutt has tried to revive Calcutta of the 1970s, a period when the city evidenced emergence of rock music bands, the arrival of Hippie culture and also the Naxalite movement. In an interview he told–
Unlike other films which have the shade of the Naxalite violence, Dutta Vs Dutta has taken a different direction. I have tried to recapture the turbulent College Street, the pub culture of Park Street and the emergence of Gautam Chattopadhyay.
Arpita Paul gave full credit to the director for the realistic portrayal of her character. She told– "It is a very different kind of movie by Anjanda with realistic elements that would help the audience to relate to the period and the characters... "
Indraneil Sengupta, another actor of the film told– "Everybody in the cast acted their part to bring back that era, which rocked Kolkata and neighbourhood, about which we heard so many things, alive."
Critical reception.
The film received positive reviews. According to Anandabazar Patrika critic Sangeeta Bandopadhyay, this was Anjan Dutt's best film. This opinion was supported by another Bengali newspaper "Ei Samay" too. Anandabazar Patrika gave the film 9 out of 10. The Times of India gave it 3½ stars out of 5 stars but they also mentioned– "the plot comes across as a total mishmash and therefore, loses punch".

</doc>
<doc id="36736978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736978" title="Nagmetulla Kutibayev">
Nagmetulla Kutibayev

Nagmetulla Kutibayev is an uzbekistan football Forward who played for Uzbekistan in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for FC Neftchi, Xoraxm Urganch, Turan Simurg, Pakhtakor, Ordabasy, Qizilqum

</doc>
<doc id="36736983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36736983" title="Nana Meriwether">
Nana Meriwether

Nana Meriwether (born May 24, 1985) is an American beauty queen who represented Maryland at Miss USA 2012. Meriwether finished as 1st runner-up at Miss USA 2012 but assumed the title after Olivia Culpo won the Miss Universe 2012 crown on December 19, 2012.
Pageantry.
Miss California USA 2008.
Meriwether competed in her 1st pageant for the Miss Universe Organization, Miss California USA 2008, representing Malibu, where she failed to place in the semifinals.
Miss California USA 2009.
Nana returned to the Miss California USA stage in 2009, this time representing Beverly Hills, where she finished as 3rd Runner-Up to Carrie Prejean.
Miss California USA 2010.
Meriwether competed in Miss California USA 2010 where she finished as 1st Runner-Up to Nicole Johnson.
Miss California USA 2011.
Meriwether competed in the Miss California USA one last time in 2011 where she eventually finished as 4th Runner-Up to Alyssa Campanella.
Miss Maryland USA 2012.
After competing in Miss California USA for 4 years Nana decided to move back to her home state of Maryland where she entered Miss Maryland USA 2012 and won the title, gaining the right to represent the state at Miss USA.
Miss USA 2012.
Meriwether represented Maryland at Miss USA 2012 where she eventually finished at 1st Runner-Up to Olivia Culpo of Rhode Island. On December 19, 2012 Olivia Culpo won the title of Miss Universe 2012. Due to pageant protocol Miss USA must resign her title in order to fulfill her duties as Miss Universe. The 1st Runner-Up assumes the title of Miss USA, meaning that Meriwether is the new Miss USA 2012. After assuming the crown Meriwether became the oldest contestant ever to be crowned Miss USA at the age of 27.
Personal life.
Born in South Africa to an African American father and a South African mother who were doing volunteer work, she was raised in Potomac, Maryland and is a 2003 graduate of Sidwell Friends School. She attended Duke University for one semester, where her father Delano Meriwether had been the first African-American medical student. She transferred to UCLA in 2004, where she graduated and was twice named an All-American in volleyball. She then started graduate school at USC. She previously participated in California pageants (2008–2011), and finished as high as second.

</doc>
<doc id="36737014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737014" title="Shukhratjon Rakhmonqulov">
Shukhratjon Rakhmonqulov

Shukhratjon Rakhmonqulov is an Uzbekistan football Midfielder who played for Uzbekistan in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Navbahor Namangan, MSHK Tashkent, Nasaf Qarshi, Dostlik Toshkent, Lokomotiv Tashkent and Dynamo Samarqand.

</doc>
<doc id="36737017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737017" title="Crystal Palace School">
Crystal Palace School

Crystal Palace School of Art, Science, and Literature which opened in 1854 was set up by the Crystal Palace Company as a new enterprise to occupy part of its buildings when it re-erected the Crystal Palace in suburban Sydenham in 1853. Civil engineer and later first director of the Royal College of Music, George Grove was appointed secretary. It was a part of the great movements for educational and social reform of the nineteenth century.
The main buildings were destroyed by fire in 1936.
Ladies' Division.
The overwhelming majority of classes were for women:
Gentlemen's Division.
Classes for gentlemen were limited to the School of Engineering
Notable engineering students.
The South Tower also contained John Logie Baird's transmitter and studios.
Letter to The Editor, The Times, Monday Dec. 07, 1936. page 10, issue 47551
See also.
Polytechnic (United Kingdom)

</doc>
<doc id="36737021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737021" title="List of DoDDS High Schools - Germany">
List of DoDDS High Schools - Germany

This is a sortable list of US Department of Defense Dependent High Schools (DODDS) that existed in Germany, including dates open, mascot and school colors.

</doc>
<doc id="36737025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737025" title="Daniel Riemer">
Daniel Riemer

Daniel Riemer (born December 10, 1986) is an American legislator and law student from Milwaukee County, Wisconsin who currently serves in the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Riemer defeated incumbent Assembly member Peggy Krusick in the August 14, 2012 Democratic primary for the 7th Assembly district. Riemer was the presumptive winner in the November general election, as there were no other candidates in the race; but Krusick filed as an official write-in candidate against Riemer. In the end, Riemer won easily.
Background.
Krusick had been in the Assembly since before Riemer (26 years old) was born. Riemer, son of Democratic policy adviser David Riemer (budget director for former governor Jim Doyle), does not currently plan to return to law school (he is on leave from the University of Wisconsin Law School). The district, which includes parts of Milwaukee's south side, West Allis, West Milwaukee and Greenfield, had been drastically redrawn in the 2011 redistricting. He attended Rufus King High School.
Write-in campaign by Krusick.
In September 2012 it was reported that Krusick was considering running a write-in campaign against Riemer in the November general election, and it was confirmed that she had contacted staff of the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board about the mechanics of such an effort, but had not yet filed registration documents for such a run.
On October 2, it was officially confirmed that she was running as a registered write-in candidate (under Wisconsin law, write-in candidates must register with the state to have their votes be individually counted, rather than lumped in with other write-in votes). She set up a new website and began a direct mail campaign boasting about her "independent track record." She did not return press calls, and it was unclear who was funding her campaign against her party's nominee.
Riemer won easily in the end, with 16,664 votes (85.4%) to Krusick's 2499 (12.8%) and 361 scattered votes (1.8%).

</doc>
<doc id="36737026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737026" title="Park Kyung-suk">
Park Kyung-suk

Park Kyung-suk (born 25 April 1981) is a South Korean handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the South Korea national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737032" title="Park Chan-young">
Park Chan-young

Park Chan-young (born 26 January 1983) is a South Korean handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the South Korea national handball team in the men's tournament. His wife Lee Min-hee is also a handball player.

</doc>
<doc id="36737036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737036" title="Yu Dong-geun">
Yu Dong-geun

Yu Dong-Geun (born 3 September 1985) is a South Korean handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the South Korea national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737043" title="Jung Jin-ho">
Jung Jin-ho

Jung Jin-Ho (born 10 March 1986) is a South Korean handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the South Korea national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737054" title="Nikolai Berg">
Nikolai Berg

Nikolai Vasilyevich Berg (, , Moscow, Russian Empire, - , Warsaw, Poland) was a Russian poet, journalist, translator and historian.
Biography.
Nikolai Berg was born in Moscow. His father came from an old noble Livonian family. Nikolai studied first at the Tomsk regional college, then (in 1834-1838) at the Tambov and Moscow gymnasiums. In 1844 he enrolled into the Philological faculty of Moscow University but left an after a year.
In the early 1850s he joined the 'young faction' of "Moskvityanin" and, along with Almazov, Edelson, Mei, Filippov, and Grigoriev, became a member of what came to be known as the Ostrovsky circle. In 1853 he went to Sevastopol as a correspondent, and stayed there until the end of the siege, working as a translator at the headquarters of the Commander-in-Chief. He later published "Notes on the Siege of Sevastopol" (Moscow, 1858) and the "Sevastopol Album", a collection of 37 drawings.
After the Crimean War ended, Berg went to the Caucasus where he witnesseed the capture and arrest of Imam Shamil. He then travelled to Italy as a correspondent of "The Russian Messenger" to report on the progress of Giuseppe Garibaldi's army. Berg spent 1860-1862 travelling through Syria, Palestine and Egypt. As the January Uprising in Poland began he went to Warsaw as a correspondent for the Saint Petersburg magazine "Vedomosti" and stayed there for the rest of his life, teaching Russian language and literature at Warsaw University beginning in 1868, then editing the newspaper "The Warsaw Diary" (Varshavsky Dnevnik) from 1874 to 1877.
His major work, Notes on "Polish Conspiracies and Uprisings" came out in an unabridged version in 4 volumes in Poznań in 1884. In Russia it was published in fragments in "Russkiy Arkhiv" (1870-1973) and "Russkaya Starina" (1879), and was then banned. While in Poland Berg translated the works of Adam Mickiewicz (including "Pan Tadeusz"), and the works of poets from Bulgaria, Serbia, Slovakia, and Lithuania. Twelve of his "Lithuanian Songs", originally included in the 1854 anthology "Songs of Different Peoples", published in Moscow, came out in Vilno in 1921 as a separate edition.

</doc>
<doc id="36737055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737055" title="Cho Young-shin">
Cho Young-shin

Cho Young-Shin (born 20 October 1967) is a South Korean handball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the South Korea national handball team.
He has two children, named Hong-Gun and Eun-Ji Cho. They both attend high school in America. 

</doc>
<doc id="36737086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737086" title="Bojan Beljanski">
Bojan Beljanski

Bojan Beljanski (born 22 June 1986 in Bačka Palanka) is a Serbian handball player, currently playing for Frisch Auf Göppingen. He won a silver medal at the 2012 European Men's Handball Championship. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Serbia national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737089" title="German submarine U-306">
German submarine U-306

German submarine "U-306" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 16 September 1941 at the "Flender Werke" yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 306, launched on 29 August 1942 and commissioned on 21 October under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Claus von Botha.
During her career, the U-boat sailed on five combat patrols, sinking one ship and damaging two others, before she was sunk in October 1943 in mid-Atlantic, northwest of the Azores by British warships.
She was a member of three wolfpacks.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in October 1942. She was then transferred to the 1st flotilla for operations on 1 March.
1st patrol.
The submarine's first patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 25 February 1943. On 24 April she sank the "Amerika" south of Cape Farewell, Greenland. The next day she damaged the "Silvermaple". She arrived in Brest in occupied France, on 9 May.
2nd and 3rd patrols.
"U-306"s second foray was relatively uneventful; starting in Brest, it took her as far south as Guinea-Bissau. Off the Gambia, she damaged the "Kaipara" on 16 July 1943. The boat then docked in Lorient on 11 August.
Her third sortie was rather brief, lasting between 23 and 24 September 1943.
4th patrol.
On her fourth patrol, she sailed along the French Atlantic coast toward St. Nazaire.
5th patrol and loss.
The boat was sunk northwest of the Azores by depth charges dropped from the British destroyer and the corvette on 31 October 1943.
Fifty-one men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36737102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737102" title="Lao Army F.C.">
Lao Army F.C.

Lao Army is a football club from Laos. They play in the Lao League, the top national football league in Laos.
Players.
"Note: The official club website lists the supporters as player 12th man."

</doc>
<doc id="36737103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737103" title="PharmaChoice">
PharmaChoice

PharmaChoice is a member-owned cooperative of Canadian pharmacies headquartered in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. PharmaChoice was founded in 1999, and presently represents more than 400 independent pharmacies across Canada.
PharmaChoice offers its members the advantage of volume buying, marketing, technology and shared best practices.

</doc>
<doc id="36737110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737110" title="WQMR">
WQMR

WQMR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36737123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737123" title="Sheepscot Pond">
Sheepscot Pond

Sheepscot Pond is the third largest lake in Waldo County, Maine. It is in the township of Palermo, on the western edge of Waldo County.
The lake has a maximum depth of 132 feet with well-oxygenated water. It contains more than 20 species of fish, and has historically been stocked with salmon, lake trout, and brook trout. Attempts have been made to limit the lamprey eel population by erecting barriers during their spawning migrations.
The Maine Department of Environmental Protection has rated the water quality of Sheepscot Pond as average, with total phosphorus concentrations of 5-10 parts per billion, and no significant positive or negative trend in Secchi Disk Transparencies. The lake provides water for the Palermo Fish Cultural Station.

</doc>
<doc id="36737125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737125" title="Ivan Stanković (handballer)">
Ivan Stanković (handballer)

Ivan Stanković (born 27 April 1982 in Belgrade) is a Serbian handball player. He won a silver medal at the 2012 European Men's Handball Championship. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Serbia national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737144" title="EPEX SPOT">
EPEX SPOT

The European Power Exchange (EPEX SPOT SE) is an exchange for power spot trading in Germany, France, Austria and Switzerland.
Overview.
EPEX SPOT SE is a company under European law based in Paris, France, with a branch in Leipzig, Germany. It was founded in 2008 by the merger of the power spot markets of the energy exchanges Powernext and European Energy Exchange (EEX). Both mother companies hold an equal share of 50%.
EPEX SPOT SE operates the power spot markets for short-term trading in power in Germany, France, Austria and Switzerland, with Germany and Austria forming one price zone. These countries account together for about one third of the European power consumption. EPEX SPOT counts over 200 members.
EPEX SPOT is one of the stakeholders in several market coupling initiatives, such as the market coupling in Central Western Europe (see below) and the Interim Tight Volume Coupling with the Nordic markets via the European Market Coupling Company EMCC.
Trading.
In 2012 the trading of electricity on the markets of EPEX SPOT amounted to 339 terawatt hours (TWh), an increase of 8% over the previous year.
Day-ahead markets.
EPEX SPOT operates day-ahead power markets for France, Germany/Austria and Switzerland. These markets are organized by an auction process, matching once a day supply and demand curves and thus fixing prices in an anonymous, yet transparent and secured manner. Members of the exchange enter their orders into the order book, which is closed on 11 am for Switzerland and on 12 pm for France and Germany/Austria. In the next step, EPEX SPOT calculates the offer and demand curves and their intersection for each hour of the following day. Results are published from 11h10 (Switzerland) and 12h40 (Germany/Austria; France) on.
The index for the German/Austrian market is called the Physical Electricity Index, or PHELIX, sending out a clear price signal for power wholesale trading in Europe. Since 18 October 2010, EPEX SPOT and EEX also publish ELIX, the European Electricity Index, for each delivery day. The index is calculated on the basis of the actual aggregated bid and offer curves for all EPEX SPOT market areas, not taking into account physical congestions between markets. ELIX is an essential benchmark price for the single European market, as it is the market price that would result in a physically unconstrained market environment. It shows the additional benefit that could be achieved through further market integration.
The German and French day-ahead auctions of EPEX SPOT are part of market coupling in Central Western Europe which was launched on 9 November 2010. It links the markets of Germany, France and Benelux by a price coupling solution in order to optimize the use of cross-border capacities between these countries, ironing out price differences between the markets.
2012 trading volumes in the day-ahead auction for the market areas Germany/Austria, France and Switzerland on EPEX SPOT accounted for 321 TWh compared to 296 TWh in 2011.
Intraday markets.
EPEX SPOT also operates Intraday power markets for Germany, France, Austria and Switzerland. The Intraday markets are organized by continuous trading – orders of the members are entered perpetually into the order book. As soon as two orders are compatible, they are executed. Contracts can be traded up to 45 minutes before physical fulfillment.
Since 14 December 2010, members can execute cross-border trades between the intraday markets of Germany and France. The Commodities trading system used by EPEX SPOT, ComXerv, allows simultaneous cross-border trades on the Exchange and via OTC by connecting to the capacity platform maintained by the Transmission System Operators. With the launch of the Austrian intraday market in October 2012, cross-border transactions were expanded to Austria. Switzerland followed in June 2013.
During the year 2012, trading volumes on the intraday markets of EPEX SPOT amounted to 18 TWh.

</doc>
<doc id="36737147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737147" title="Mikel Aguirrezabalaga">
Mikel Aguirrezabalaga

Mikel Aguirrezabalaga (born 8 April 1984) is a Spanish handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Spain national handball team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737151" title="Dihydro-resveratrol">
Dihydro-resveratrol

Dihydro-resveratrol is a dihydrostilbenoid found in wine. It is also a metabolite of trans-resveratrol formed in the intestine by the hydrogenation of the double bond by microflora.

</doc>
<doc id="36737192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737192" title="Sourabh Varma">
Sourabh Varma

Sourabh Verma (born 30 December 1992) is a badminton player from India. He became the Indian National Badminton Champion in the senior singles category in 2011.
In 2011, Sourabh Verma won his first international title by winning the Bahrain International Challenge. In the same year he was the runner up at Syed Modi Grand Prix Gold 2011 after losing to the former Olympic champion Taufik Hidayat.
Sourabh won back to back international titles in 2013 and 2014. First of them being Tata International Challenge 2013 held at Mumbai where he defeated Prannoy Kumar. Verma grabbed the next title at Iran Fajr International Challenge 2014 beating Alrie Guna Dharma and the 3rd title in the row was taken by becoming the champion at the Austrian International Challenge 2014 causing an upset to his higher ranked opponent Hsu Jen-hao
Sourabh Verma also finished at 2nd position in a neck to neck match with Simon Santoso at the 2014 Malaysia Open Grand Prix Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="36737197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737197" title="Kim Gavin">
Kim Gavin

Kim Gavin is a British choreographer and former ballet dancer. He was the creative director of the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony.
Gavin is the son of a plumber from Ilford in east London. He was bought up in Bournemouth. He and his wife are divorced with a child Called Hannah Gavin who is following her fathers footsteps training at Laine Theatre Arts. Kim Gavin trained at the Royal Ballet School. He then did a term at the Arts Educational School at 17 before getting a job as part of the Original cast of cats. He the followed a career as a dancer on television and in the theatre.
In 1997 Gavin directed and choreographed the musical "Oh! What A Night".
In 2002 he choreographed the West End musical "125th Street".
He is currently artistic Director for Take That, coming up with the circus concept etc.
He choreographed the Concert for Diana at Wembley Stadium in 2007 and the Help for Heroes concert at Twickenham Stadium in 2010.
Gavin currently acts as artistic director on Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, a role he will continue through their national tour in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36737228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737228" title="Prajakta Sawant">
Prajakta Sawant

Prajakta Sawant (born 28 October 1992) is a badminton player from India. She won the mixed doubles title at the 2010 Indian national badminton championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36737234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737234" title="Paumakua">
Paumakua

Paumakua is a name of one ancient chief who lived in ancient Hawaii and was a Moʻi of Maui. He is described in legends as a ruler of the island of Maui. His genealogy is given in ancient chant "Kumulipo".
Because of his father, he is also known as Paumakua-a-Huanuikalailai.
He was an ancestor of many kings of Maui and is believed that he never had any control over any significant portion of Maui. He was a descendant of Hema of the Ulu line.
It is mentioned by Abraham Fornander that Paumakua probably did not arrive on Maui earlier than the time of his father. He is also mentioned by physician Nathaniel B. Emerson.
Family.
Father of Paumakua was Chief Huanuiʻikalailai, who was born on Oahu as a son of Chief Pau and his wife Kapohaʻakia.
Mother of Paumakua was called Kapoea or Kapola, and she was born c. 1010.
Of Paumakua himself little is to tell. Of his brother Kuheailani, nothing remarkable has been retain upon Hawaiian traditions. Kuheailaniʻs son Hakalanilea appear to have become the lord of some lands in the Hilo district of Hawaiʻi.
Paumakua married his sister Manokalililani and their son was King Haho of Maui.

</doc>
<doc id="36737239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737239" title="Xiaomi Mi2">
Xiaomi Mi2

Xiaomi Mi2 (often referred to as Xiaomi Phone 2, Chinese: 小米手机2), is a high-end, Android smartphone produced by Xiaomi Tech. The device features a quad-core 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 as it's CPU. The device initially sold for ¥1999 in China.
Specifications.
Hardware.
The casing of the Xiaomi Mi2 is mostly made from plastic, with SIM card slots located inside. The microUSB port is located at the bottom of the device with the audio jack located at the top of the device. The power and volume keys were locate on the right side of device. Near the top of the device are a front-facing camera, proximity sensors, and a notification LED. In particular, the proximity sensors are mostly used to detect whether the device is in a pocket or not. The device is widely available in white, green, yellow, blue, red and pink color finishes. The device's display is larger than its predecessor, with a 4.3-inch, 1080p IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with a resolution of ~342ppi, and Dragontrail glass.
The model is one of three variations of the device Xiaomi created before creating the Xiaomi Mi3. The device comes with either 16GB or 32GB of internal storage. It contains a 2000mAh battery.
Software.
The Xiaomi Mi2S ships with Android and Xiaomi's MIUI user experience.
Updates.
Updates for the Xiaomi Mi2 is available in three channels: stable, developer and daily. New stable builds are usually available every month with major changes between each update, new developer builds are usually available every week with small but sometimes significant features added between each update and new beta builds are usually available every Wednesdays and usually only contain small fixes and optimizations. Beta builds are only available to some beta testers selected on MIUI's community forums. To update between versions, users usually use an over-the-air updater application.

</doc>
<doc id="36737245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737245" title="Liquideep">
Liquideep

Liquideep are a soul, House duo formed in Johannesburg in 2007. The group was formed by Ziyon (vocalist/songwriter/producer) and Ryzor (DJ/producer). They have had eight number-one singles and four number-one albums, and won Channel O Music Award four MTV Africa Music Awards. As of 2009, the band have sold an estimated 5 million records worldwide.
Its members were signed to independent record label Mentalwave Records and afterwards released their record-setting debut album "Oscillation" in 2010. Their 2010 album "Fabrics of the Heart" has been certified as platinum.
History.
Formation and first years: 2007–2009.
Liquideep is composed of Thabo ‘Ryzor’ Shokgolo (DJ/producer) and Jonathan ‘Ziyon’ Hamilton (vocalist/songwriter/producer). American-born Ziyon, who is a musician and producer, moved to South Africa in 2000 and found himself really turned on by the house music culture. Around this time, he met Alexandra boy Ryzor through a mutual friend. The meeting was a timely one, as Ryzor was a DJ and Ziyon was interested in learning how to DJ. Since Ryzor wanted to learn how to produce music, the two decided to exchange skills, with Ziyon teaching Ryzor music production and Ryzor teaching Ziyon to DJ.
The duo became close friends and started making music as a team. With all the connections Ryzor had in the DJing cycle, they hooked up with 2lani The Warrior, who, at the time, was establishing independent label BassBreaks & Beats Records with Sakhile Mzizi. "We decided to play 2lani some of the tracks we were doing. When he heard them, he was blown away and we ended up signing a deal," says Ziyon. BassBreaks & Beats Records started punting some of their songs to radio and it was not long before one of their early compositions, ‘Be Free' started getting airplay. In spite of the numerous songs the duo had in different albums, most people weren't familiar with who they were.
2010-Present.
Even though they never expected the song ‘Fairytale' to be so big, when the song was sealed, they were very happy with it. The song, according to the duo, was inspired by a split experienced by one of them. The song has captured many music lovers' attention across the country and hasn't lost the momentum since it was released. 
As for the duo's future plans, Ziyon reveals that Liquideep is composed of two proper musicians and are in the process of putting together a full live band for their stage performances.
Since the success of their smash single "Fairytale" they have shared stages with huge American superstars Akon and Angie Stone and their marketable slick looks have gotten them endorsements from major corporations Chevrolet (General Motors), clothing line Ben Sherman, Sunglass Hut and Rodamat Shuttle.
In January 2013, Liquideep released their latest album, Welcome Aboard, and is currently touring to promote their newest album 
Musical Style.
Liquideep claims influence from Africa's beats with global appeal due to being well traveled, respect for different cultures, and love for the arts. 
The duo prefer playing their music to a crowd, where they claim to get an honest opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="36737253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737253" title="Small nucleolar RNA-derived microRNA">
Small nucleolar RNA-derived microRNA

In molecular biology, small nucleolar RNA derived microRNAs are microRNAs (miRNA) derived from small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA). MicroRNAs are usually derived from precursors known as pre-miRNAs, these pre-miRNAs are recognised and cleaved from a pri-miRNA precursor by the Pasha and Drosha proteins. However some microRNAs, mirtrons, are known to be derived from introns via a different pathway which bypasses Pasha and Drosha. Some microRNAs are also known to be derived from small nucleolar RNA.
Discovery.
Small nucleolar RNA derived microRNA was first described in 2008. The protozoal intestinal parasite "Giardia lamblia" lacks the Drosha protein involved in pre-miRNA cleavage from pri-miRNA. However the miRNA processing protein dicer is found in "Giardia". A 26 nucleotide RNA, miR2, is processed from the "Giardia lamblia" snoRNA GlsR17 by dicer. MiR2 is a microRNA which may regulate the expression of variant surface proteins.
Also in 2008, a small RNA was found to be cleaved from SCARNA15, a Human small Cajal body-specific RNA, by Dicer. This small RNA was found to function as a microRNA. Potential microRNAs were also identified in several other Human snoRNAs.
"Giardia" snoRNA-derived miRNAs.
"Giardia lamblia" produces at least 20 snoRNAs. SnoRNAs guide the modification of rRNA, and contain a region of 10 - 21 nucleotides which is complementary to the target RNA. Five of the "Giardia lamblia" snoRNAs have no complementarities to rRNA, implying that they may have a different function. MicroRNAs are derived from five of the box C/D snoRNAs from "Giardia lamblia":

</doc>
<doc id="36737257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737257" title="Horace C. Young">
Horace C. Young

Horace C. Young (August 28, 1806 – May 19, 1879) was an American architect and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Henry Young (1775–1852) and Philena (Kellogg) Young (died 1865). He was born in that part of the Town of Smithfield which was separated in 1823 as the Town of Fenner, in Madison County, New York. He became a builder and architect. On January 19, 1831, he married Laura P. Walker (1808–1890), and they had six children, among them Congressman H. Olin Young (1850–1917).
In May 1832, the couple removed to New Albion, in Cattaraugus County. He was elected a Justice of the Peace in 1834; and was Supervisor of New Albion in 1843, and from 1845 to 1848. He drew the plans for the first Minnesota State Capitol which burned down in 1881.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Cattaraugus Co., 2nd D.) in 1849 and 1850; and of the New York State Senate (32nd D.) in 1862 and 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36737275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737275" title="Danny Verbeek">
Danny Verbeek

Danny Verbeek (born 15 August 1990 in Den Bosch) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Winger for FC Utrecht, on loan from Standard Liège, in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for FC Den Bosch and on loan for NAC Breda.
Career.
Verbeek started his career with FC Den Bosch for whom he played 88 matches. In the summer of 2012 he was signed by Standard Liège. On August 16, 2012, Verbeek was sent on loan to NAC Breda after it became clear that his chances of playing in the Standard first team were limited. He would stay two seasons for the clubOn 17 June 2014, Verbeek was sent on loan again, this time to FC Utrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="36737332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737332" title="Barry Reynolds">
Barry Reynolds

Barry Reynolds, born in Bolton, Lancashire, is a British guitar player, songwriter, composer and producer, best known for his long lasting collaboration with Marianne Faithfull.
Reynolds first emerged with the band Pacific Drift which recorded one album that was released in 1970. Reynolds served as guitar player, one of the songwriters and lead vocalist for this short lived quartet from Manchester, England. "Feelin' Free" the band's only album was released on Deram Nova in 1970. The album was reissued by Grapefruit Records on CD in 2010. Reynolds left the band in 1970.
After joining blues band Blodwyn Pig alongside Mick Abrahams of Jethro Tull, Reynolds moved to the US in 1972 then traveled to Mexico before returning to the UK and being introduced to Marianne Faithfull through David Wilkie of Fleetwood Mac. Reynolds and Marianne began a writing partnership and produced the songs "Broken English" and "Why Do You Do It ?", attracting to the attention of Island Records' founder Chris Blackwell who then signed Marianne in 1978 and released the album "Broken English" the following year.
Reynolds continued to work as a songwriting collaborator with Faithfull and as guitarist in her band for two more albums "Dangerous Acquaintances" released in 1981 and "A Child's Adventure" released in 1983. After a 16 year break Reynolds and Faithfull resumed collaborating on "Vagabond Ways" in 1999.
In 1980, Reynolds joined Sly and Robbie, Wally Badarou, Mikey Chung and Uziah "Sticky" Thompson, aka the Compass Point Allstars, a studio band Blackwell created and named after his Compass Point Studios in Nassau, Bahamas to produce albums by Grace Jones, Joe Cocker and Black Uhuru among others. He then released his first solo album "I Scare Myself" recorded with the Allstars,namely Sly and Robbie, Wally Badarou, Mikey Chung and Uziah "Sticky" Thompson with Judy Mowatt and Marcia Griffiths singing backing vocals on two tracks.Also included are the following tracks recorded with Marianne Faithfull: "Guilt", "Broken English" and "Times Square".
After moving back to New-York, Reynolds has since devoted most of his time to writing, notably with Baaba Maal ("Nomad Soul" and "Television" albums), Grace Jones ("Well Well Well" on her 2008 "Hurricane" album), all the while continuing working with Marianne Faithfull. His last collaborations include ""The Pirate Project"" with Beth Orton, Johnny Depp, Lou Reed and Pete Doherty.

</doc>
<doc id="36737335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737335" title="Lewys Weaver">
Lewys Weaver

Lewys Weaver (born 14 September 1993) is a Welsh rugby league footballer who currently plays for the North Wales Crusaders. His usual position is at fullback. Weaver was signed from rugby union side London Wasps after starring for Wales Students as they won the Student Four Nations title. Weaver scored a try on his debut after coming on for the injured Christiaan Roets.

</doc>
<doc id="36737353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737353" title="The Marshal of Finland">
The Marshal of Finland

The Marshal of Finland () is a Finnish fictional film based on the life of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim. The film is produced by Yleisradio in cooperation with Savane Productions and Filmistuudio Kalevipojad. It's directed by a Kenyan Gilbert Lukalia. The film's world premiere was on The Helsinki International Love & Anarchy Film Festival on September 28, 2012.
Plot.
Story of the film focuses on Mannerheim's private life from 1905–1918. It tells about a failed marriage with Anastasia Arapova, and love affair with Kitty Linder after the Finnish Civil War. According to Gilbert Lukalian, "It's an universal story about a man who has difficulty reconciling family life and career."
Production.
In winter 2012 Yle reported on a forthcoming Mannerheim film, which would be an international production. Information of the film being filmed on a foreign country became to public, before Yle had time to organize a press conference on August 16, 2012. 
Erkko Lyytinen got the idea for the film in Kenya from an Estonian producer Ken Saan. Saan had asked from Lyytinen if he had any project that could be filmed at Kenya. According to Lyytinen, Saan's aspect at the production was a major success of the movie filming. The screenplay was written by a Kenyan work group. Yle gave to scriptwriters the necessary facts, but the group created the portrait of Mannerheim themselves. Originally the film was going to be a war film, but turned out to be a biographical film, because it was to hard to shoot the war scenes at the bad circumstances. 
The film was shot around Nairobi in May and June. Gilbert Lukalia was chosen to be a director of the film in just 12 hours before the start of filming. They also made a six-part documentary of making the film called "Operation Mannerheim", which cost about 100 000–150 000 €, even though the movie itself cost only 20 000 €.
Reception.
Stir before the premiere.
The film sparked a debate even before it was published.The Finnish media raised a stir about a black actor performing Mannerheim. Producer Markus Selin said that the film is a "spoofing", and director Matti Kassila wondered why Yle had given a license for the description. Jörn Donner believes that the film is "a bluff", and said that Yle trying to cash in on the Marshal's reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="36737384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737384" title="Timeline of Nairobi">
Timeline of Nairobi

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Nairobi, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="36737388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737388" title="John Iliffe (dentist)">
John Iliffe (dentist)

John Iliffe (19 November 1846 – 2 August 1914) was an English-born dentist, active in Australia.
Iliffe was born in Coventry to ribbon manufacturer Francis Iliffe and his wife Maria, "née" Simmons.
After apprenticing as a dentist, probably in London, Iliffe moved Melbourne in 1866.
He helped to form the Odontological Society of Victoria in 1884, where he became treasurer in 1884-1888, president in 1888-1896 and treasurer again from 1896 to 1914.
In 1890, he was instrumental in opening The Royal Dental Hospital of Melbourne.
In 1898, he became editor of the Australian Journal of Dentistry.
Iliffe died in Prahran, Victoria of cerebro-vascular disease. He is buried in Melbourne General Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36737401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737401" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 80 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 80 metres hurdles

The Women's 80 metres hurdles competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico was held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 17–18.
Competition format.
The Women's 80m hurdles competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Semifinals and a Final. The three fastest competitors from each race in the heats qualified for the semifinals, along with the fastest overall competitor not already qualified. The top four athletes from each semifinals race advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 3 of each heat (Q) plus the next fastest time (q) qualified.
Semifinals.
Qual. rule: first 4 of each heat (Q) qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36737404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737404" title="18 Months">
18 Months

18 Months is the third studio album by Scottish DJ and record producer Calvin Harris. It was released on 26 October 2012 by Columbia Records. The album includes the singles "Bounce", "Feel So Close", "Let's Go", "We'll Be Coming Back", "Sweet Nothing", "Drinking from the Bottle", "I Need Your Love" and "Thinking About You". All eight of the aforementioned singles, along with "We Found Love" (featuring Rihanna), reached the top ten of the UK Singles Chart, making "18 Months" the first album in history to have nine top ten singles.
The album debuted atop the UK Albums Chart with first-week sales of 52,356 copies, earning Harris his second consecutive number-one album in the United Kingdom. Harris first unveiled the album's artwork on 13 September 2012 via Twitter.
Singles.
"Bounce" was released as the album's lead single on 10 June 2011, featuring singer Kelis. The song peaked at number two in the United Kingdom, number one in Scotland, number six in Ireland and number seven in Australia.
The second single "Feel So Close" was released on 19 August 2011, reaching number two in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number one in Scotland and number seven in Australia. The song also became Harris's first solo single to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States, reaching number twelve.
"Let's Go" was released as the album's third single on 30 March 2012, and it features Ne-Yo. It peaked at number two in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number six in Ireland and number seventeen in Australia and the US. "Let's Go" was used in Pepsi Max's Crowd Surfing TV advert.
"We'll Be Coming Back", featuring singer-rapper Example, was released on 27 July 2012 as the fourth single from the album. It peaked at number two in the United Kingdom, number one in Ireland and Scotland, and number eight in Australia, It became Harris's and Example's first solo single to reach number one in Ireland.
"Sweet Nothing" was released as the album's fifth single on 12 October 2012, featuring Florence Welch of indie rock band Florence and the Machine. The song topped the charts in the UK and Ireland, becoming Harris and Welch's second collaborative number-one single, as well as the first UK chart-topper from "18 Months". It also became his highest-charting solo single in Australia and New Zealand, entering the charts at number two in both countries. In the US, the single peaked at number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
"Drinking from the Bottle" was released as the album's sixth official single on 27 January 2013. The song reached number five in the UK and number nine in Ireland.
"I Need Your Love", which features Ellie Goulding, was released on 12 April 2013 as the seventh single from the album. The track reached number four in the UK and number six in Ireland, while charting inside the top five in countries such as Australia, Austria, Finland and Sweden. When "I Need Your Love" reached the UK top five in April 2013. Harris made chart history by becoming the first artist to attain eight top ten hits from one studio album (including "We Found Love"), overtaking the previous record set by Michael Jackson.
"Thinking About You", featuring Ayah Marar, was released on 2 August 2013 as the album's eighth and final single. It reached number eight in the UK, number eleven in Ireland, number twenty-eight in Australia and number forty in New Zealand.
Promotional singles.
"Awooga" was released on 21 March 2011 through Harris's label Fly Eye Records. The accompanying music video consists of footage from his then-recent concerts in Australia. Harris's collaboration with Nicky Romero, "Iron", was released on Beatport on 10 September 2012 by Protocol Recordings.
Critical reception.
"18 Months" received generally mixed reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 57, based on 17 reviews, which indicates "mixed or average reviews". Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music hailed the album as a "collection almost exclusively in the key of triumph", as well as "a portfolio of win for Calvin, an annual report where the graph is almost all peaks and the troughs are so far down they're practically invisible." Arwa Haider of "Metro" commented that ""18 Months" could be a capsule collection of smash singles, yet it also works brilliantly as an album. That's partly because these are never faceless anthems; its singers [...] are well judged and rise to the songs, while the catchy hooks are lovingly arranged". AllMusic's Tim Sendra wrote that the album "shows Harris to be a solid producer with an easily identifiable sound." Mikael Wood of the "Los Angeles Times" noted that despite the variety of male collaborators, the album "only deepens the impression that Harris is best when linked with a lady; his skills in that area are several times more developed than they are anywhere else." "The Independent"s Andy Gill was unimpressed by Ellie Goulding's performance on "I Need Your Love", but complimented Welch on "Sweet Nothing", and cited Harris's collaboration with Nicky Romero on "Iron" as the album's "killer cut".
Emily Mackay of the "NME" opined that "best collaborations stand alone, but the rest demands small hours and sweat to animate it", stating the album "feels more like a deserved victory lap than a forward step or a new instalment, but apart from his sole vocal on 'Feel So Close', the victor seems oddly absent." Killian Fox of "The Observer" argued that "[nothing else on "18 Months" matches up to the blockbusting collaborations with Kelis, Florence Welch and Rihanna", concluding that "Harris's production has become increasingly homogenised and, despite the array of vocalists, everything here risks sounding the same." In a review for "Entertainment Weekly", Melissa Maerz complimented songs like "We Found Love" and "I Need Your Love", but found that the album does not offer "many surprises". Despite referring to Harris as a "brilliant pop craftsman", "The A.V. Club"s Chris DeVille felt that the album "suffers from EDM fatigue" and that "almost every track eventually congeals into the same automaton thud." Evan Sawdey of PopMatters critiqued that "while "18 Months" [...] is pretty much the hit-making monster that launched in to the world spotlight, the truth of the matter is that it feels like a rather compromised vision of who he is an artist, sacrificing his quirkiness for a brooding new persona that starts to get stale over the course of a complete full-length." "The Guardian" critic Rebecca Nicholson expressed that "Harris knows how to make the most of his guests, leading them through a series of euphoric bangers that seem destined for success. But for all the pop divas he has roped in, there's a veneer of cynical, laddy EDM, resulting in the kind of tracks Skrillex might come up with on an Ayia Napa booze cruise."
Commercial performance.
"18 Months" debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart with first-week sales of 52,356 copies, becoming Harris's second consecutive number-one album in the United Kingdom. The album fell to number four the following week, selling 34,734 copies. In its third week, it slipped to number nine on sales of 24,689 units. In early January 2013, the album returned to number one for one week before slipping to number two. "18 Months" had sold over 650,000 copies in the UK by August 2013.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "18 Months".

</doc>
<doc id="36737415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737415" title="Acrobolbaceae">
Acrobolbaceae

Acrobolbaceae is liverwort family in the order Jungermanniales.

</doc>
<doc id="36737417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737417" title="Sjoerd Winkens">
Sjoerd Winkens

Sjoerd Winkens (born 4 May 1983 in Geleen) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a left Back. Winkens started his career with MVV Maastricht. He played two seasons for Helmond Sport, but he returned to MVV after two years.In June 2014, he retired from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="36737441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737441" title="Altman, West Virginia">
Altman, West Virginia

Altman is an unincorporated community and coal town in Boone County, West Virginia. Their post office has closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36737443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737443" title="List of people granted asylum">
List of people granted asylum

This is a list of people granted asylum.

</doc>
<doc id="36737449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737449" title="Marsupidium">
Marsupidium

Marsupidium is a liverwort genus in the family Acrobolbaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="36737460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737460" title="Brush Creek, West Virginia">
Brush Creek, West Virginia

Brush Creek is an unincorporated community and coal town in Boone County, West Virginia. Their post office has closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36737467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737467" title="German submarine U-308">
German submarine U-308

German submarine "U-308" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The U-boat was laid down on 5 November 1941 at the "Flender Werke" in Lübeck as 'werk' 308, launched on 31 November 1942 and commissioned on 23 December 1942 under the command of "Leutnant zur See" Karl Mühlenpfordt.
Service history.
"U-308" carried out one patrol and did not sink or damage any ships. She was sunk on this patrol in the Norwegian Sea north-east of the Faroe Islands by torpedoes from the British submarine on 4 June 1943.
Forty-four men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36737476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737476" title="Kamehameha Statue (Honolulu cast)">
Kamehameha Statue (Honolulu cast)

The Kamehameha I statue (Honolulu cast) is an outdoor sculpture by American artist Thomas Ridgeway Gould, erected in 1883. The first cast in the series Kamehameha I statue (original cast) is located in North Kohala on the island of Hawaii. The second cast stands outside the Aliiōlani Hale government building in Honolulu, located on the island of Oahu. Made of cast brass, it depicts Kamehameha I and has become a recognizable cultural symbol for the Hawaiian Islands.
Description.
The statue is an over-sized brass cast of King Kamehameha I, the ruler credited with unifying the Hawaiian Islands in the early nineteenth century and establishing the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1810. The surface is two-toned, finished with a dark brown chemical patina with gilded (See gilding) garments. Erected in 1883, it was commissioned as a replacement for Kamehameha the Great (original cast), which had been commissioned to celebrate the centennial of Captain James Cook’s arrival to the Hawaiian Islands. It was placed in front of the Aliiōlani Hale government building in Honolulu, the spot intended for the original cast, and remains there to this day.
Historical information.
Commission and delivery to Hawaii.
The history of the Kamehameha I statue (second cast) is closely tied to the history of the first cast. The idea behind both works originated in 1878, when Walter M. Gibson, a member of the Hawaiian legislature, decided to commission a sculpture to commemorate the centennial of the arrival of Captain James Cook to the Hawaiian Islands. Government money was allocated to fund the project, and Gibson was put in charge of the committee overseeing its production. 
Gibson selected American artist Thomas Ridgeway Gould to create the statue, who finished the full-size plaster model for the work in 1880. The model was sent to the Barbedienne Foundry in Paris, France to be cast in brass, and the finished product was shipped to Hawaii in August; however, the ship delivering the statue encountered a storm and sank near the Falkland Islands. To replace it, the second cast was commissioned by Hawaii officials using the approximately $12,000 insurance settlement collected from the loss of the original. The replacement statue arrived in Honolulu in January, 1883, but the original cast had already been recovered from the sea and finally completed its journey to Hawaii in March, 1882. Because the second cast was in better condition, it was decided that it, not the original, would be placed outside the Aliiolani Hale government building in Honolulu. Having arrived too late to be used in the celebration of Cook’s arrival to the Islands, its unveiling was instead incorporated into the coronation ceremonies of King David Kalākaua in February, 1883.
Features.
See Features of Kamehameha I statue (original cast).
After the shipwreck and loss of the original statue, Gibson and Gould worked together to provide the replacement cast with one additional feature: four partial-gilt bas-relief panels to decorate the sides of the statue’s plinth, paid for with an additional $4,000 from the insurance settlement. Each panel depicted a scene from Kamehameha’s life, though Gibson wanted the panels to serve as a kind of propaganda, much like Trajan’s Column and other representations of heroic battles in classical monuments. As such, the historical accuracy of the events depicted in the reliefs is questionable; debate exists as to whether or not Kamehameha was even present at some of the events. 
Gould returned to his studio in Florence to begin work on the reliefs, but died of a heart attack on November 26, 1881, after only managing to complete the maquette for the first relief. His son, Marshall S. Gould, completed the remaining three maquettes. 
The scenes depicted on the panels include:
Artist.
See Thomas Ridgeway Gould.
Cultural significance.
The Kamehameha I statue (second cast) has become an important political symbol for the Hawaiian Islands. It is featured on the official Hawaiian state seal (See Seal of Hawaii), and in the logo of the Kamehameha Schools, which has campuses located throughout the Islands. In 1959, a third Kamehameha I statue was cast using models from second cast, and placed in Sanctuary Hall inside the U.S. Capitol Building (See United States Capitol) in Washington, D.C. to honor Hawaii becoming the fiftieth state. Various businesses, especially those working in the tourist trade, have capitalized on the resulting popularity of the sculpture; its image has been used to decorate brochures, postcards, T-shirts, folk-art, etc., and small reproductions of the sculpture are popular souvenirs in many shops. 
The statue also features a prominent role in Kamehameha Day celebrations, the annual Hawaiian holiday celebrating the Kingdom of Hawaii’s first monarch. During the festivities, the statue is ceremoniously draped in long lei, meant to honor Kamehameha I and his accomplishments.
Additional casts and reproductions.
Several additional casts and reproductions of Kamehameha I exist throughout Hawaii and the continental United States, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="36737489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737489" title="Clock gable">
Clock gable

The clock gable (), also known as Dutch clock gable, is a gable or facade with decorative shape characteristic of traditional Dutch architecture. The top of the gable is shaped like a church bell. It was mostly used in houses that were rather narrow, with a width of the space taken by two or three windows.
This type of gable was popular in the Netherlands during the 17th and 18th centuries. The earlier clock gables were usually lower and decorated in a different style in which flowers and fruits were present in the decorative elements. Clock gables made in the 18th century are usually decorated with Louis Quinze ornaments, resulting in more decorations added to the flowers and fruits.
Clock gables are also present in what was South Africa's Cape Province.

</doc>
<doc id="36737497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737497" title="Marsupidium epiphytum">
Marsupidium epiphytum

Marsupidium epiphytum is a liverwort species in the genus "Marsupidium" from the New Zealand.
Prenylated bibenzyls can be isolated from "M. epiphytum".

</doc>
<doc id="36737498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737498" title="Breece, West Virginia">
Breece, West Virginia

Breece is an unincorporated community and coal town in Boone County, West Virginia. Their post office, known as Laville has closed. They were also known as Laville, Mistletoe and Layville.

</doc>
<doc id="36737500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737500" title="Jim Marleau">
Jim Marleau

Jim Marleau (born 1947) is a Republican member of the Michigan State Senate. He was first elected in 2010.
Marleau was for many years a businessman. He served as Orion Township, Michigan treasurer and as a member of the State House of Representatives before being elected to the state senate.

</doc>
<doc id="36737511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737511" title="Hiram Warner Farnsworth">
Hiram Warner Farnsworth

Hiram Warner Farnsworth (born October 13, 1816 in Brattleboro, VT and died 26 July 1899 in Topeka, KS) was an abolitionist, Kansas pioneer, educator, Indian agent and community leader.
Early life.
Hiram Warner Farnsworth (H. W.)
was educated at Brattleboro, Vermont. H.W. attended Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts in 1836 and graduated in 1840. He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. He taught school in Tuskegee, Alabama, from June 1840 to December 1841. He was appointed Principal of the New London Female Academy in New London, Connecticut.
, a position he held until March 1855.
On March 17, 1842 H.W. married Deborah (Della) Torrey Lerow in Boston. She was born on July 5, 1815 in Orange, Massachusetts. She was a teacher of French and Botany at the New London academy. They had three children one of whom died thirteen months after his birth. Della died on June 5, 1850.
He also served as the railroad agent at New London for one year for the Northern Railroad. On December 3, 1855 H.W. married his second wife, Harriet Ann Stoddard (born May 28, 1822).
In the 1850s H.W. participated in the public discussions of the era concerning slavery. H.W. was a Congregationalist and abolitionist. As the political turmoil increased he decided on a course of action inspired by the New England Emigrant Aid Company of Boston. This company was formed to facilitate overland treks to Kansas of Free-Stater families to help throw pre-statehood Kansas into the abolitionists camp. The New England Emigrant Aid Company was formed to help fund resettlement of abolitionist sympathizers in Kansas prior to referendums to determine if Kansas would be a slave state. Three groups sponsored by the Society set out for Kansas – the first in March 1855. H.W. didn't leave New England until March 4, 1856 with his new wife who was pregnant and with his two small daughters from his first marriage. It took six weeks to trek by wagon to Kansas.
Kansas Pioneer.
On May 9, 1856, H.W. and his family arrived in Lawrence in the Kansas Territory which was quickly seen to be unsuitable even though Lawrence had been founded by the New England Emigrant Aid Company. The family moved on to Topeka, Kansas arriving May 16, 1856. Topeka was laid out in 1854 as a Free-State town. Pioneer H.W.’s first act in Topeka was the purchase of a farm and then the start-up of the Topeka Mill Co., a saw, grist and flouring mill, in association with A. Merrill and S. T. Walkley. On July 14, 1856, H.W. helped found and became one of the first deacons of “The First Free Congregational Church of Topeka”..
H.W. was then elected on December 6, 1859 to the first Territorial Senate of Kansas prior to statehood.
He was a Republican representative of Shawnee County. The following year he was elected to be the fourth mayor of Topeka.
After much turmoil, Kansas was admitted to the union as a free state on January 29, 1861.
H.W. resigned from the Kansas Senate May 1, 1861, in order to accept an Indian Agency appointment in Morris County at Council Grove, Kansas and in June 1861 President Abraham Lincoln appointed him as agent to the Kaw Indians.
H.W. became an Indian Commissioner June 24, 1864 by order of Abraham Lincoln who appointed "Hiram W. Farnsworth, Indian Agent a commissioner on the part of the United States and the chiefs and headmen of the Kansas Tribe of Indians." H.W. was still living with his family at the Council Grove Indian Agency June 3, 1868. On that date a skirmish of the Cheyenne with the Kaw Indians occurred. This battle was full of sound and fury but had no casualties and this was the last Indian battle in the state of Kansas. It was conducted at the Council Grove Indian Agency and other locations with some arrows even landing in the grounds of the agency — the Farnsworth family members were spectators.
During his tenure there, H.W. was appointed on March 13, 1862 for six months to be Commissioner on the part of the United States to negotiate treaties with the Kansas Indian tribes. Treaties concluded at the Kansas Agency with about one hundred tribes were signed by H.W. with his signature and seal.
Due to his prominence in the Topeka area, H.W. became one of the first directors for the Atchison & Topeka Railroad on March 3, 1863.
Similarly, due to his background in education, H.W. was a founder of Washburn College, incorporated February 6, 1865 from Lincoln College. H.W. served on the board of trustees
of that college for twenty years. In October 1866 he was replaced as Indian Agent by President Andrew Johnson and then in December appointed by the president to be one of three commissioners to visit and inspect Indian schools. In 1867 he accompanied the Indian tribal leaders to Washington, D.C. to sign treaties along with his Kaw Indian interpreter, Joe Jim. It was customary at the time that Indian chiefs visiting Washington be photographed in full tribal regalia with their Indian Agent. H.W. declined that honor because he felt the Indians were being cheated of their lands and hence he did not wish to be associated with such an endeavor.
H.W.’s interpreter, Joe Jim, is credited for giving the name of Topeka to that town.
Later Years in Topeka.
In May 1867 H.W. moved his family back to Topeka to live in the home he had built at 401 Topeka Ave.
By now his family included seven children. On May 21, 1867 citizens of Topeka voted to form the Topeka Board of Education and elected H.W. to that first board.
On September 25, 1867 H.W. signed a petition to the state of Kansas which supported voting rights for women and blacks. He was one of forty-five Kansas signers. In March 1869 H.W. was appointed postmaster of Topeka which position he held until 1873. In 1870 H.W. joined the Pilgrim Society. 1870 was the 250th anniversary year of the Pilgrim’s landing at Plymouth, Mass.
H.W. was appointed police judge of Topeka in 1874. In 1876 he was elected Secretary (clerk) of the Board of Education of Topeka which office he held until his death. In 1876 he was elected secretary of the Topeka Masonic Lodge, a position he filled for the rest of his life. The Free Public Library of Topeka was founded November 12, 1878 with H.W. as one of the founders.
H.W. was a member of the Association of Old Settlers of Topeka because of his early arrival in 1856.
On Jan 6, 1894, Harriet died. On July 26, 1899 H.W. died at his home in Topeka and was buried in the Topeka Cemetery sharing a tombstone with his wife Harriet.
Family.
They had 3 children:
Della died on June 5, 1850.
They had 5 children:

</doc>
<doc id="36737515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737515" title="Alan Villiers Memorial Lecture">
Alan Villiers Memorial Lecture

The Alan Villiers Memorial Lecture (AVML) was established by the Society for Nautical Research, the " Naval Review", and the Britannia Naval Research Association in 2010 to honor the memory of the author, adventurer, naval officer, photographer and Master Mariner, Captain Alan Villiers. The lecture takes place at St Edmund Hall, Oxford in September each year.

</doc>
<doc id="36737525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737525" title="Gstellihorn">
Gstellihorn

The Gstellihorn (2,855 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located west of Innertkirchen in the Bernese Oberland. It is the highest summit of the "Engelhörner", the chain between the Reichenbachtal and the Urbachtal.

</doc>
<doc id="36737542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737542" title="Tom Van Hyfte">
Tom Van Hyfte

Tom Van Hyfte (born 26 April 1986 in Ghent) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Roda JC Kerkrade in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for Hamme and MVV Maastricht.

</doc>
<doc id="36737546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737546" title="Christopher Linke">
Christopher Linke

Christopher Linke (born 24 October 1988 in Potsdam) is a German race walker. He competed in the 50 km event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing in 24th place. He serves in the army.

</doc>
<doc id="36737599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737599" title="Lance Voorjans">
Lance Voorjans

Lance Voorjans (born 22 December 1990 in Maastricht) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker. After being released by MVV Maastricht in 2013, he currently plays for German Regionalliga side KFC Uerdingen 05.

</doc>
<doc id="36737604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737604" title="122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron">
122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron

The 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 122. hidroavijacijska eskadrila za vezu / 122. хидроавијацијска ескадрила за везу") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force formed on July 24, 1949 as 122nd Hydroplane Section ("Serbo-Croatian: 122. hidroavijacijsko odeljenje/ 122. хидроавијацијско одељење") as part of Yugoslav Navy.
History.
Formed at Divulje, squadron has been based during its whole existence. In the first period as section, it was part of Yugoslav Navy, but later on December 17, 1951 when it has merged with hydro base of 21st Aviation Division, being attached to same division of Air Force.
Squadron was equipped with older captured German and newer Yugoslav-made and British hydroplanes. During the 1954, squadron has received two British-made Westland WS-51 Mk.1b "Dragonfly" helicopters.
It was disbanded by order from June 8, 1968. It has become 3rd Section of 784th Anti-Submarine Helicopter Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="36737606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737606" title="Paweł Jarczewski">
Paweł Jarczewski

Paweł Jarczewski (born on 4 February 1967 in Kalisz) – the President of the Board of Zakłady Azotowe "PUŁAWY" S.A. in Puławy, a graduate of Warsaw School of Economics, Foreign Trade Department, Master of Science in economics and organisation of foreign trade.
Business background.
He has been connected with the Nitrates Works in Puławy since 1992. From 2002 to 2006 he served as a Sales Director of the company. From 2006 to 2008 he worked as Development Director in CTL Logistics PLC. Since 2008 - the Chairman of the Board of Nitrates Factory in Puławy. At present also the Vice President of Fertilizers Europe - the largest association of fertilisers' producers in Europe. The Chairman of the Economic Committee of this organisation. A member of Lublin School of Technology Convention and Maria Curie-Skłodowska University Convention. He has been a Member of the Lubelskie Voivodeship Innovations Council for a couple of years now. 
During his lead as a CEO, the Nitrates Factory in Puławy completed a major investment: Ammonia-Urea Oxygen Plant, which increased the output capacity of urea by 270.000 tonnes per year and of AdBlue by 100.000 tonnes per year. The company took over two enterprises from the sector: in 2011 Gdańskie Zakłady Nawozów Fosforowych "Fosfory" Sp. z o.o. And in 2012 the company bought out an 85-percent share in chemical works Adipol-Azoty S.A. The company has also started construction of a new fertilisers production line.
Private life.
Born in Kalisz, but working and living in Puławy. Interested in the history of Europe in the 17th century, especially the military history of Sweden. Passionate about watches. A father of two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36737636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737636" title="Karadere, Anamur">
Karadere, Anamur

Karadere is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is merged to Anamur to the southeast, still keeping the legal entity. The population of Karadere is 566 as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36737644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737644" title="Bryan Smeets">
Bryan Smeets

Bryan Smeets (born 22 November 1992 in Maastricht) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36737652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737652" title="Karaağa, Anamur">
Karaağa, Anamur

Karaağa is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is one of the westernmost villages of the province. It situated in the Toros Mountains at . Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Karaağa is 555 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737655" title="List of Nikola Tesla writings">
List of Nikola Tesla writings

Tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals.
Among his books are ""; "The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla", compiled and edited by David Hatcher Childress; and "The Tesla Papers".
Many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web,
including the article, "The Problem of Increasing Human Energy", which he wrote for The Century Magazine in 1900,
and the article, "Experiments With Alternate Currents Of High Potential And High Frequency", published in his book, "Inventions, Researches and Writings of Nikola Tesla".
Poems.
In the late 1920s, Tesla composed a poem—"Fragments of Olympian Gossip"—for his friend, George Sylvester Viereck, an illustrious German poet and mystic. It poked vitriolic fun at the scientific establishment of the day. For example, he derided Albert Einstein for claiming that matter and force are transmutable (Mass–energy equivalence), even though Archimedes and Isaac Newton had stated that they are not.

</doc>
<doc id="36737657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737657" title="Güngören, Anamur">
Güngören, Anamur

Güngören (former Teniste) is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Toros Mountains at . Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Güngören is 555 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737660" title="Güneybahşiş, Anamur">
Güneybahşiş, Anamur

Güneybahşiş is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the north of Anamur in highly populated area at . Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Güneybahşiş is 734 as of 2011. The population of the village is composed of Turkmen people.

</doc>
<doc id="36737666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737666" title="Güleç, Anamur">
Güleç, Anamur

Güleç is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is almost merged to Anamur at . Its distance to Anamur central town is . The population of Güleç is 665 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737671" title="Leroy Labylle">
Leroy Labylle

Leroy Labylle (born 11 March 1991 in Liège) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for Racing Genk and Standard Liège. In January 2012, Labylle was sent on loan to MVV Maastricht. He moved to MVV Maastricht permanently in the summer of 2012.
Honours.
Club.
PEC Zwolle

</doc>
<doc id="36737674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737674" title="Siwellen">
Siwellen

The Siwellen (2,307 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located east of Glarus in the canton of Glarus. It lies on the range between the Linth valley and the Murgtal, north of the Gufelstock.

</doc>
<doc id="36737676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737676" title="Evciler, Anamur">
Evciler, Anamur

Evciler is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the peneplane area to the south of Toros Mountains at . Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Evciler is 643 as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36737677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737677" title="Kai Soremekun">
Kai Soremekun

Kai Soremekun is a Canadian filmmaker and actor. She has dual Canadian/USA citizenship and lives in Los Angeles. She is best known for the 1991 film "Regarding Henry", which starred Harrison Ford and Annette Bening, the 1995 film "Heat", which starred Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, and the ongoing web series "CHICK: Within Me Lives a Superhero".
Early life.
Kai was born in Hamilton, and grew up in Toronto, Canada. Her father was a Nigerian doctor and her mother an English nurse, who met while working at the same hospital in Hamilton. She has two younger brothers. Most of her childhood years were spent in Thornhill, a suburb of Toronto.
She attended Thornlea Secondary School, then studied at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York City, where she completed a two-year Certificate in Professional Performance.
Career.
Kai Soremekun started her career in commercials, acting and dancing in music videos, and modeling for Nike in New York City. 
She took a job on the set of "Regarding Henry", as an extra, in a bid to gain experience and make some money. During the course of filming, the director decided to give her the role of "Loretta" in a single scene with Harrison Ford and Bill Nunn. 
In 1993, she moved to Los Angeles, where she was cast in the role of "Denise" on "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". 
In 1995, she landed a series regular role on a Fox television drama called "Medicine Ball". During 1995 and 1996, KS studied filmmaking at Los Angeles City College. 
While spending time with her parents in Toronto in 2002, she was cast in the TV movie, "Heart of a Stranger". The film was shot in Halifax, Canada. Again, in 2003, she was chosen as a last minute replacement for the role of "Peaches LeJeune" in "Love, Sex and Eating the Bones" while on a holiday in Canada.
In 2006, Kai Soremekun was chosen to be a part of a program at CBS, which partnered young people with experienced directors. She was partnered with Jerry Levine while he directed an episode of "Monk". He suggested she audition and she won a small role in that episode. 
In 2007, she was selected by Steven Spielberg as a contestant on On the Lot, a short-lived reality show competition produced by Steven Spielberg and Mark Burnett. The show, which aired on Fox, featured filmmakers competing in weekly elimination competitions, with the ultimate prize of a million dollar development deal at DreamWorks. Soremekun was eliminated after one round.
Acting.
Soremekun has appeared in the following films and television shows.
Directing.
Soremekun has directed the following films and web series.

</doc>
<doc id="36737681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737681" title="List of rivers of Seychelles">
List of rivers of Seychelles

This is a list of rivers in Seychelles. This list is arranged by island, streams are listed clockwise starting from the north end of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="36737683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737683" title="Çukurabanoz">
Çukurabanoz

Çukurabanoz is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. A remote neighbourhood of the village to the east of Çukurabanoz is known as Abanoz. Abanoz has no settled population and it is the yayla (resort) of Anamur residents. The distance from Çukurabanoz to Anamur is . The population of Çukurabanoz is 173 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737684" title="Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana">
Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana

Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana (SJSRY) in India is a Centrally Sponsored Scheme which came into effect on 1 December 1997. The scheme strives to provide gainful employment to the urban unemployed and underemployed poor, through encouraging the setting up of self-employment ventures by the urban poor living below the poverty line.
The Ministry of HUPA currently runs an employment-oriented scheme, namely, SwarnaJayantiShahariRozgarYojana (SJSRY). This scheme, started in 1997, seeks to provide gainful employment to the unemployed and underemployed urban poor by encouraging skill development and self-employment and also through wage employment for construction of socially and economically useful public assets. Revamped in 2009, SJSRY has five components: (a) the Urban Self-Employment Programme (USEP), which targets individual urban poor for setting up micro enterprises; (b) the Urban Women Self-Help Programme (UWSP), which targets urban poor women Self Help Groups (SHGs) for setting up group enterprises and providing them assistance through a revolving fund for thrift and credit activities; (c) Skill Training for Employment Promotion amongst Urban Poor (STEP-UP), which targets the urban poor for imparting quality training so as to enhance their employability for self-employment or better salaried employment; (d) the Urban Wage Employment Programme (UWEP), which seeks to assist the urban poor by utilizing their labour for construction of socially useful assets, in towns with less than 5 lakh population as per the 1991 Census; and (e) the Urban Community Development Network (UCDN), which seeks to assist the urban poor in organizing themselves into self managed community structures to gain collective strength to address the issues of poverty facing them and to participate in the effective implementation of urban poverty alleviation and social development programmes.
The SJSRY scheme is being implemented on a cost-sharing basis between the Centre and the States in the ratio of 75:25. Given the low allocations for the scheme, only about 2 lakh urban poor under skill development and 50,000 under self-employment are being benefitted under SJSRY annually. The target under skill development of the urban poor is very small considering that the number of urban poor was estimated at 81 million in 2004-05 and that nationally a target of 500 million persons to be skill-trained by 2022 has been fixed by the National Council on Skill Development.
Notes.
SJSRY will have five major components, namely-
Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana (SJSRY)
Government of India have launched a rationalised poverty alleviation scheme Swarna Jayanti Shahari Rozgar Yojana replacing three existing schemes, viz.
◾Nehru Rozgar Yojana (NRY),
◾Urban Basic Services for the Poor (UBSP), and
◾Prime Minister's Integrated Urban Poverty Eradication Programme (PMI UPEP)
SJSRY seeks to provide gainful employment to the urban poor (living below the urban poverty line) unemployed or under-employed, through setting up of self-employment ventures or provision of wage employment.
SJSRY is an application developed to capture and track the beneficiaries, financial and physical progress of the works under the said SJSRY − ’Swarna Jayanthi Shahari Rojgar Yojana’, a scheme under which all the young and aspiring beneficiaries can be enrolled for professional and career oriented training programmes being conducted across the 227 ULBs of Karnataka. It is developed in a manner that the screens presented to the end-user are user-friendly, easy to navigate and aesthetically appealing.
It is used to capture all the eligible applicants details and provide a reliable database for the municipal administration to govern at ease.
The application includes features like maintenance of applications in draft mode, approved mode and approving facilities by designated authorities and report generation facilities as well to track the progress of the commissioning of this programme across the ULBs. Revised Guidelines have come into effect from 1.4.2009

</doc>
<doc id="36737689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737689" title="Çataloluk, Anamur">
Çataloluk, Anamur

Çataloluk is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Çataloluk is 427 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737693" title="Çamlıpınaralanı">
Çamlıpınaralanı

Çamlıpınaralanı is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains, on Turkish state highway , which runs from west to east in southern Turkey. It is close to Mediterranean coast. Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Çamlıpınaralanı is 120 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737701" title="Michael La Rosa">
Michael La Rosa

Michael La Rosa (born 10 April 1991 in Genk) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a Winger. He is currently without a club after he was released by MVV Maastricht.

</doc>
<doc id="36737702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737702" title="Matilda Bruckner">
Matilda Bruckner

Matilda Tomaryn Bruckner is an American scholar of Medieval French literature. She is an authority on French romance from the twelfth and thirteenth century, and author and editor of four books on romance, Chrétien de Troyes, and the women troubadours.
Professional career.
Bruckner received her A.B. from Bryn Mawr College and her M.Phil. and Ph.D. from Yale University. She taught at Princeton University for eight years, before accepting a position at Boston College in 1983, where she is a professor of French.

</doc>
<doc id="36737733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737733" title="Jung Kwang-min">
Jung Kwang-min

Jung Kwang-Min (born January 8, 1976) is a South Korean footballer.
He played for FC Seoul. and he was the top scorer of Super Match

</doc>
<doc id="36737736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737736" title="Nick Kuipers (footballer born 1992)">
Nick Kuipers (footballer born 1992)

Nick Kuipers (born 8 October 1992 in Maastricht) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.
The defender started his career in his hometown with RKVVL/Polaris Maastricht. He joined later in the youthteam of MVV Maastricht and was promoted to the Jupiler League team for the 2010/2012 season. Kuipers played than his senior debut on 13 August 2010 for MVV Maastricht against FC Volendam in a 2:2 draw in the Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36737737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737737" title="Kaşdişlen">
Kaşdişlen

Kaşdişlen is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is almost merged to Anamur. Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Kaşdişlen is 484 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36737788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737788" title="Lloyd Borgers">
Lloyd Borgers

Lloyd Borgers (born 24 February 1993 in Maastricht) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker. He is currently without a club after being released by MVV Maastricht.

</doc>
<doc id="36737796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737796" title="Rod Riffler">
Rod Riffler

Rod Riffler (born Rudolf Ungar; Osijek, January 5, 1907 – 1941 Jasenovac concentration camp) was Croatian modern dance teacher, choreographer and owner of a dance school in Zagreb, who was killed during the Holocaust.
Riffler was born in Osijek to a Jewish parents, Makso and Ilka (née Lang) Ungar. His father was merchant born in Osijek. Riffler was raised with two sisters, Marie Louise and Marija, and younger brother, Rafael. When he moved from Osijek to Zagreb, Riffler opened a dance school and was one of the best teachers of modern dance at the time. Riffler was mentor-teacher of Lea Deutsch, known Croatian Jewish child actress, and was also a close friend of Deutsch mother, Ivka. Riffler was homosexual. In 1941, when Ustaše found out that he was a Jew and homosexual, Riffler was arrested and deported to Jasenovac concentration camp. Riffler died from starvation at the Jasenovac concentration camp, he was 34 years old.
In 2010 Croatian director Branko Ivanda made a film "Lea i Darija - Dječje carstvo", about the tragic destiny of Lea Deutsch, and Riffler was portrayed in the movie by Croatian actor Radovan Ruždjak.

</doc>
<doc id="36737808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737808" title="Salvation (GuGabriel song)">
Salvation (GuGabriel song)

"Salvation" is a song by Austrian singer, songwriter and musician GuGabriel. The song was released in Austria as a digital download on July 7, 2012. The song has peaked to number 19 on the Austrian Singles Chart.
Music video.
A music video to accompany the release of "Salvation" was first released onto YouTube on July 7, 2012 at a total length of three minutes and forty-nine seconds. The video was produced by Tom Hoša & Bernhard Nicolics-Jahn.

</doc>
<doc id="36737835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737835" title="Jamol Pilgrim">
Jamol Pilgrim

Jamol Allan Pilgrim (born 24 January 1991) is an Antiguan and Barbudan sprinter.
On 22 November 2009, at a time when he was a young sprinter with Olympic aspirations, he was injured in a traffic accident which resulted in his right leg being amputated above the knee. He continued running, with a prosthetic, and met the qualifying times for the 2012 Summer Paralympics, running the 100m in 14.62s and the 200m in 33.24s. As a consequence, on 15 March 2012 the Antigua and Barbuda Paralympic Committee was established, specifically so that he could take part in the London Games. He was his country's first and only representative at the London Paralympics, where he took part in the men's 100m T42 sprint. His time of 15.76 was a season's best, but he finished last of his heat, and did not advance to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36737836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737836" title="Thornhill Lees">
Thornhill Lees

Thornhill Lees is a district of Dewsbury, which is a town within the borough of Kirklees in the county of West Yorkshire, England. The district lies to the south of Dewsbury town centre, between Savile Town and Thornhill. Thornhill Lees has a multi ethnic population. The district is served by two schools which are Thornhill Lees Infant & Nursery School and Headfield Junior School.

</doc>
<doc id="36737855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737855" title="Victor M. Rice">
Victor M. Rice

Victor Moreau Rice (April 5, 1818 Mayville, Chautauqua County, New York – October 18, 1869 Oneida, Madison County, New York) was an American educator and politician from New York.
Life.
Rice was born 5 March 1818 in Mayville, New York to state assemblyman William Rice (1787-1864) and Rachel (Waldo) Rice (1790–1854). He was a direct patrilineal descendant of Edmund Rice an early immigrant to Massachusetts Bay Colony. He graduated from Allegheny College in 1841, and then taught school in Mayville. Soon after he began to study law, first in Mayville, then with Millard Fillmore in Buffalo, was admitted to the bar in 1845, but did not practice. While studying law in Buffalo, he continued to teach school. On November 27, 1846, he married Maria Louisa Winter (1820-1916), and they had nine children. 
In 1847, he became the editor of the "Buffalo Cataract", later renamed "Western Temperance Standard". He continued to teach school, and was City Superintendent of Schools, and President of the New York State Teachers Association. On April 4, 1854, the 77th New York State Legislature elected Rice to a three-year term as State Superintendent of Public Instruction. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Erie Co., 2nd D.) in 1861. On January 30, 1862, the 85th New York State Legislature elected Rice again as Superintendent of Public Instruction. He was re-elected in 1865. In 1868, he became President of the American Life Insurance Company, and later President of the Metropolitan Bank of New York City.
Rice died suddenly on 17 October 1869 while returning home from New York City, and was buried at the Forest Lawn Cemetery, Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="36737859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737859" title="Hirose Financial UK Ltd.">
Hirose Financial UK Ltd.

Hirose Financial UK Ltd. is a UK-based retail foreign exchange broker that provides foreign exchange (forex, fx) trading on margin through its own online trading platform called LION Trader. It is a subsidiary of Japanese FX company Hirose Financial that provides online trading solution to forex traders.
History.
Hirose Company (called Hirose Tusyo) was incorporated in Japan in 2004, to offer foreign exchange trading and investment services after regulatory changes in Japan allowing retail forex trading.
Hirose focused on the utilization of its Japanese based products to grow a its business within an environment of a large number of competitors. As result, as at 2011 Hirose’s global number of client accounts exceed 120,000 and trading volume reached $76 billion.
In 2010 Hirose decided to expand outside its home country by setting up Hirose Financial UK, and becoming the first Japanese forex broker licensed in London, UK.
Business model.
Hirose Financial UK is a NDD (No Dealing Desk) and STP (straight-through processing) forex broker. This means that client orders are routed directly to liquidity providers (banks, other financial institutions) and Hirose does not act as a market maker.
Technology.
Hirose's trading platform, LION, is based on the Act Forex (ActTrader) system, which can facilitate trades over single or multiple client terminals (PC based, web based, Android phones, iPhone, and iPad). It also provides traders with custom indicators, trading algos/EAs and programmable strategies as an alternative to MetaTrader.
Hirose uses "Oracle Coherence," an in-memory data grid products, to improve execution performance. The application server also uses an "Oracle WebLogic Server".

</doc>
<doc id="36737864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737864" title="Marta López">
Marta López

Marta López (born 4 February 1990) is a Spanish handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Spain women's national handball team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36737872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737872" title="Aleksandr Averin (publicist)">
Aleksandr Averin (publicist)

Aleksandr Averin (, born January 13, 1981, Moscow) is a Russian political dissident and publicist.
Biography.
Aleksandr Averin was born in Moscow. He studied at the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys. Averin has been a member of the National Bolshevik Party since 1999. Averin has been Eduard Limonov's official press secretary since 2002. In 2006, Averin co-founded the coalition The Other Russia. In 2006, Aleksandr Averin was one of the organizers of the Dissenters' March in Moscow, during which he was repeatedly detained. In 2009, Averin was one of the organizers of the Strategy-31. Since 2010, Averin has been the spokesperson for the political party The Other Russia. He works as journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="36737880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737880" title="Trying Not to Love You">
Trying Not to Love You

"Trying Not to Love You" is the title of a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback. It was released in August 2012 as the fifth and final single from their seventh studio album, "Here and Now".
Music video.
The music video for "Trying Not to Love You" was released in August 17, 2012. The music video features Jason Alexander ("Seinfeld") and Brooke Burns ("Baywatch"). In the background at the beginning of the video, the Nickelback song 
"Photograph" can be heard.

</doc>
<doc id="36737883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737883" title="Rose position">
Rose position

Rose position is a position in which a patient is placed while undergoing a tonsillectomy,adenoidectomy or uvulopalatopharyngoplasty.
Position.
In this position both the head and neck are extended. This is done by keeping a sand bag under the patient's shoulder blade. For a patient with a kyphosis or a stiff neck, raise the head piece of the table so that the head ring really does support the head. Its contraindicated in patients with Down's syndrome owing to atlanto-axial instability.
History.
This position owes its name to a staff nurse by name Rose who suggested this position to the surgeon.

</doc>
<doc id="36737896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737896" title="Evciler (disambiguation)">
Evciler (disambiguation)

Evciler is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey.
Evciler may also refer to the following places in Turkey:

</doc>
<doc id="36737909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737909" title="Marian Jeliński">
Marian Jeliński

Marian Jeliński ("kashubian: Marión Jelińsczi") was born in Siemirowice (kashubian: Szëmrejce), in 1949. Jeliński is a recognized authority in bee diseases and active member of the Kashubian community. He is involved in a gamut of activities focusing on the preservation of the Kashubian language and culture. Dr. Jeliński is also known for his support of the Kashubian Embroidery and building bridges between Kashubian communities in Poland and Canada. Marian and his wife Alicja have two sons and currently live in Żukowo, near Gdańsk, Poland.
Education.
In 1968, Jeliński enrolled at the Agricultural and Technical University of Olsztyn, to study veterinary medicine, broadening his prospective at the "Tierärztliche Hochschule" of Hannover, Germany. In 1974, he completed his graduate studies and became a veterinarian, excepting employment from the National Veterinary Research Institute at the Department of Diseases of Useful Insects in Swarzędz, near Poznań.
In 1978, Marian received a scholarship to study at the Free University of (West) Berlin. During the three months spent there, Jeliński demonstrated how a strain of Bacillus possesses mycolytic properties against Ascosphaera mycelia.
In 1980, Jeliński defended his Ph.D. in Veterinary Sciences at the National Veterinary Research Institute of Puławy, Poland. His dissertation contributed to a greater understanding of the biochemical activities of Paenibacillus larvae subsp. larvae (formerly classified as Bacillus larvae)- (i.e., American foulbrood is caused by this bacterium).
Professional life.
A 1976 visit to Bulgaria had a profound impact on his career. Here, for the first time Jeliński witnessed the deadly parasitic mite, Varroa destructor. While at the Bulgarian Department of Microbiology, Jeliński (along with Dr. M. Shabanov) published an article in the Polish Magazine “Pszczelarstwo” (The Beekeeping) about this deadly parasite that affects honey bees. Later, he published the V. destructor (formerly classified as Varroa jacobsoni) article in Austria and France.
When in 1980 the mite Varroa destructor was detected in Poland, and later causing death of many bee colonies and no satisfactory treatment had yet been found, Dr. Jeliński vastly contributed to the testing of Apiwarol AS – amitraz and Warrosekt – malation as an effective treatment alternative. Applied as smoke, these agents helped to control Varroa infestation. As a Subject Matter Expert, Dr. Jeliński’s research of bee diseases results were in broad use in Poland for the next couple of decades. 
In 1988, M.Jeliński had found for the first time Varroa destructor on Vespula vulgaris. Dr. Jeliński was actively involved in providing training to the Ghana and Iraq beekeepers.
Dr. Marian Jeliński is a member of the New York Academy of Sciences NYAS (USA), the Scientific Association of Gdańsk (Poland), and the Foundation of Beekeeping Open-Air Museum in Żukowo (Poland).
Marian Jeliński has authored/co-authored more than 200 articles, published in Polish, English, German and Bulgarian. He is a recognized name in the beekeeping community, thanks to his publications in such professional journals as “Pszczelarstwo” (Beekeeping), “Pszczelarz Polski” (The Polish Beekeeper), “Medycyna Weterynaryjna” (Veterinary Medicine), or “Apidologie” (Apidology).
Conferences.
Dr. Jeliński regularly participates in professional workshops and conferences.
Dr. Jeliński presented the results of the study on the usefulness of different Varroa control substances, incorporated in plastic carriers. 
Kashubian activist.
An outspoken supporter of Kashubian language preservation, Dr. Jeliński uses it daily, and is actively involved in many undertakings. Foundation of Beekeeping Open-Air Museum (M. Jeliński) and David Shulist (for a long time head of the Wilno Heritage Society - Canada) were instrumental in several displays in Żukowo of Kashubian embroidery works, done by the students of Madawaska Valley schools.
Works.
Dr. Jeliński is an author of many novels and short stories to include:
M. Jeliński has dedicated the last couple of years to developing Kashubian dictionaries. Along with David Shulist of Wilno, Ontario, Dr. Jeliński published two multi-language dictionaries:
Translations.
Marian Jeliński translated Bolesław Jażdżewski’s
and helped to translate
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36737940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737940" title="Talib Chakwali">
Talib Chakwali

Talib Chakwali (1900-1988) was an Urdu ghazal and nazm writer.
Biography.
Talib Chakwali is the takhallus (nom de plume) of Manohar Lal Kapur, born in Chakwal, Punjab, British India (now Pakistan), on 13 May 1900. He was the only son of Bal Mukand Kapur, orphaned soon after birth and brought up by his grandfather, Ishwar Das, a wealthy zamindar. His family originally hailed from Balkh, the ancient city of Afghanistan, and had firstly migrated to Peshawar before moving to Chakwal.
After completing his school studies at Chakwal High-School, he obtained his BA (Hons.) degree in 1921 from Government College University, Lahore, and his LLB degree in 1923 from the Punjab University Law College. He practiced law in Chakwal from 1923 to 1936, later moving to Rawalpindi where he established himself as a wholesale supplier of building materials; post partition of British India in 1947 he migrated to Delhi where he died in 1988. He married Krishnawati, daughter of Rai Sahib Karam Chand Talwar in 1921.
Literary life.
Talib Chakwali commenced writing poems in English and Punjabi when he was studying in Lahore but subsequently shifted to Urdu. In 1932 he founded the "Bazm e Adab". His poetry reveals the influence of Wordsworth, Shelley, Zauq, Ghalib and Iqbal. His first collection of poems titled "Anwaar e Haqiqat", carrying an introduction by Choudhary Zakallah was published in 1929. His second collection "Barg e Sabz" with a foreword by Brij Mohan Dattareya Kaifi was published in 1965, and his third collection, "Mor Pankh" was published in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36737948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737948" title="Piz Materdell">
Piz Materdell

Piz Materdell (2,967 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps, overlooking Lake Sils in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Septimer Pass and the Julier Pass, which culminates at Piz Lagrev.

</doc>
<doc id="36737958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737958" title="Karungu">
Karungu

Karungu (Karunga) is a village in Kenya on the shore above Lake Victoria, near the frontier with Tanzania. Administratively it is in Karungu Location, Karungu Division, Migori County.
History.
Located on the headland overlooking Karungu Bay, the village was originally expected to grow into a bustling port. A stone pier was built in the late 1800s and a customs house, but the project failed due to endemic malaria. The nearby village of Sori eventually surpassed Karungu and became the market town. Nevertheless, Karungu had already given its name to the bay and the administrative division.
In World War I, in September 1914, the Germans, from German East Africa, occupied Karungu after falling back from their attack on Kisi. The steamer "Winifred" attempted to drive them off but was not successful until joined by the "Kavirondo", the Germans retreated back to Shirati.

</doc>
<doc id="36737964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737964" title="Cychrus luojiensis">
Cychrus luojiensis

Cychrus luojiensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Cavazzuti in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36737969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737969" title="Cychrus maoxianicus">
Cychrus maoxianicus

Cychrus maoxianicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve & Mourzine in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36737972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737972" title="Cychrus marcilhaci">
Cychrus marcilhaci

Cychrus marcilhaci is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36737977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737977" title="Cychrus minshanicola">
Cychrus minshanicola

Cychrus minshanicola is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36737980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737980" title="Cychrus miroslavi">
Cychrus miroslavi

Cychrus miroslavi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36737985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737985" title="Cychrus moerkuaicus">
Cychrus moerkuaicus

Cychrus moerkuaicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve & Tian in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36737990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737990" title="Cychrus morawitzi">
Cychrus morawitzi

Cychrus morawitzi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Gehin in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36737992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737992" title="Cychrus morvani">
Cychrus morvani

Cychrus morvani is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36737994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737994" title="Cychrus mugecuo">
Cychrus mugecuo

Cychrus mugecuo is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36737997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36737997" title="Cychrus muliensis">
Cychrus muliensis

Cychrus muliensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36738003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36738003" title="Cychrus naviauxi">
Cychrus naviauxi

Cychrus naviauxi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve & Mourzine in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36738009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36738009" title="Cychrus okamotoi">
Cychrus okamotoi

Cychrus okamotoi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura, Su & Osawa in 1998.

</doc>
