<doc id="36713414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713414" title="2012 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony">
2012 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony

The 2012 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony was held on 29 August 2012, starting at 20:30 BST and marking the official opening of the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, England. The show – named Enlightenment – had Jenny Sealey and Bradley Hemmings as its artistic directors, leading a team that included Jon Bausor as set designer and Moritz Junge as costume designer. Queen Elizabeth II officially opened the Games. The ceremony was performed in the Olympic stadium in London in front of a capacity audience of 80,000 people.
Production.
Students from local schools who are part of the get set network were part of the under-16 cast. These include Millfields Community School in Hackney, Eastlea Community School in Newham and Trinity School in Barking and Dagenham. A total of 110 days of rehearsals took place in Dagenham. The ceremony had an adult volunteer cast of over 3,000 people, along with over 100 children and over 100 professional performers. Among the professional performers were 73 deaf and disabled performers and among the volunteers were 68 people with disabilities. In the build-up to the opening ceremony, an eight-week circus skills training programme took place at The Circus Space in Hoxton, London and was run by 50 specialist performers. Participants included professional artists and many people who were new to the arts scene, for example soldiers undergoing rehabilitation and non-competing disabled athletes. The programme was funded by Arts Council England, and was part of the "Enlightenment" section, performing on a 35 metre high platform above the stadium floor.
Stephen Daldry commenting on the ceremonies of London 2012, noted that "if Danny Boyle's was very much about two revolutions and popular culture and Kim Gavin's was very much about a symphony of British music, then what you will get from Jenny and Bradley is something very different." Daldry inaddtion stated that "there will be an extraordinary number of disabled performers in the cast." Sealey introduced Stephen Hawking as the "most famous disabled person alive" who will narrate "the most exquisite journey," focusing on science and culture of the 18th century. As with the Olympics opening ceremony "The Tempest" features heavily and the character Miranda from the story will star in the ceremony, being the eyes for the audience. Sealey notes that the character "sees everybody but she doesn't judge. That is fundamental to our personal and political ethos." Adding that it is "fundamental, you look without judging. It’s about removing those attitudinal barriers.” Sealey states that it was pure coincidence that she and Hemmings had chosen a line from the same play that was used by Boyle in the opening ceremony of the Olympics. "When we found out Danny Boyle was going to reference Shakespeare's "The Tempest" we burst out laughing." Hemming when comparing the Games to the Large Hadron Collider, notes that it “transforms our perception of our place in the universe in the same way that the Paralympics transforms our perception of what’s possible.” While Sebastien Coe said that the Ceremony would be a "great showcase of the skills and excellence of disabled artists."
Sealey and Hemming were determined to "pay tribute to the contributions that science has made to the able bodied and impaired alike." The pair approached Hawking in late 2011, who was adamant that he would write his own part. Hawking commented on his role that "to use this stage to show the world that regardless of differences between individuals, there is something that everyone is good at, is very important." Sealey and Hemming worked closely with Professor Hawking to develop a series of messages for the ceremony and spent time with him in Cambridge; which Hemming notes he had been "incredibly gratified with him giving his time." Sealey notes that although the ceremony has Hawking and Ian McKellen narrating, "what we all need to remember: don't just look down at your feet, look at the stars, be curious."
Officials and Guests.
The programme was attended by the Queen's grandson Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge, David Cameron, the Prime Minister, with his wife Samantha Cameron and by London Mayor Boris Johnson.
Proceedings.
Before the ceremony at 20:12 local time a fly past by Aerobility took place. Aerobility are a British charity that trains disabled people to become pilots.
Majesty.
Queen Elizabeth II and Sir Philip Craven entered the stadium, after they were seated the Union Flag was raised and the national anthem of the United Kingdom was played. Corporal of the Horse Brophy – The Household Cavalry Mounted Division; Lance Corporal Steane – Nijmegen Company, Grenadier Guards; Warrant Officer Vaughan – RM Poole; Chief Petty Officer Appleton – HMS Raleigh; Leading Hand Campbell – HMS Coniston; Warrant Officer Grundy – RAF Cranwell; Sergeant Hyde – RAF Valley; Lance Corporal O’Mahoney – The Household Cavalry Mounted Division; marched the flag to the flag pole under the leadership of Flight Lieutenant Marsden – RAF Halton. As they marched William Walton’s "A Wartime Sketchbook" was heard. The flag was raised to the national anthem by Able Seaman Patel – HMS King Alfred; Corporal Penman – RAF Lossiemouth; Lance Corporal Peelo as a 430 strong choir performed the song and 12 people signed the song. Whilst the umbrellas in the centre of the stadium formed a representation of the flag.
Spirit in Motion.
The Parade of Athletes then began. Teams entered in alphabetical order, according to the English language translation of their names. In accordance with tradition, the host country, Great Britain, marched into the stadium last. 165 countries are to participate in the Paralympics. However, neither Botswana nor Malawi, who were due to participate for the first time, sent their delegations. During the parade, a mix of global music was played by local DJs DJ Walde, DJ Excalibah and Goldierocks.
After the parade Denise Leigh, who is blind, winner of Channel 4's "Operatunity" sung Wallen's new piece "Spirit in Motion." Leigh was joined by deaf actress Deepa Shastri who signed the lyrics.
Homecoming.
London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) chairman Sebastian Coe and President of the International Paralympic Committee Sir Philip Craven addressed the audience. Coe welcomed the Paralympic Games home before telling the story of the precursor to the Paralympic Games in 1948. Coe noted the Paralympic movement shows "what sport is all about, sport is about what you can do, what you can achieve, the limits you can reach, the barriers you can break, sport shows what is possible, sport refuses to take no for an answer; and everything that sport stands for we are going to see right here right now and in these Paralympic Games." Coe noted that his team were determined to raise the bar for the Olympics and Paralympics, he wanted London 2012 to be an advance for the Paralympic movement and a landmark for disability worldwide and for the progress of mankind. Coe talking to the athletes stated that they will hear us (the crowd) and added that "the enthusiasm for these Games is extraordinary the crowds will be unprecedented these will be Games to remember." Coe told the world "prepare to be inspired, be prepare to be moved, prepare to be dazzled by the Paralympic Games of London 2012!"
Craven noted that these are the start of the biggest Paralympic Games ever and tonight was a celebration of the development human spirit and the Paralympic Games coming home and of dreams becoming reality. Craven noted that what happens here has the energy to change each and everyone of us. Craven then paid tribute to Sir Ludwig Guttmann and the people who helped him in 1948 to create the first sparks of the Paralympic movement. Craven continued by paying tribute to the people who made London 2012 possible particularly the Games Makers and the people of London and noted that Coe's team exceeded everyone's wildest dreams with the Olympics. Craven stated that he was delighted to be joined by the President of the International Olympic Committee Jacques Rogge and his wife Anne in the stadium. Craven noted that Britain had an insatiable appetite for sport and that London 2012 had done tremendous job in making everyone feel like it's their Games, and spoke of his pride of the mascot, Mandeville, being hand-crafted by a retired steel worker from his home town of Bolton. Craven then thanked all the international sport federations who held qualifying competitions and then welcomed a record 164 National Paralympic committees. Craven stated that these were the best prepared athletes ever and welcomed them to London. To the athletes Craven stated that they "have some of the finest sporting stages upon which to perform", every step of the way cheered on by the "most passionate sport fans you will ever have seen or heard." Continuing he noted that they will inspire many generations to come and their stories and performances will people challenge to think about themselves and others. Craven then stated that the athletes are all catalysts for change and role models for an inclusive society. Craven then asked the athletes to "abide by the rules and show the world why you are all proud Paralympians." He added that they are here to continue the story that Guttmann started and stated that they had the "ability to win medals and change the world". Craven wished the athletes the very best of luck and reminded them to have fun. Craven with honour and great pleasure asked Queen Elizabeth II to officially open the Games.
Once the Games were declared open, the Paralympic flag was carried into the Stadium by eight members of the Great Britain Under 22 Wheelchair Basketball team; Billy Bridge, Harry Brown, Emmanuel Filson, James MacSorley, Philip Pratt, Richard Sargent, Gregg Warburton and Joseph Williams. This was hoisted into the air as the Anthem was played. 
Swimmer Liz Johnson, Wheelchair rugby official Richard Allcroft and David Hunter of the ParalympicsGB equestrian team, took oaths on behalf of all the athletes, judges and coaches vowing to compete, judge and coach according to the rules of their respective sport.
Brave New World.
The giant umbrella in the centre of the stadium was lifted, revealing Miranda and Prospero underneath in a Library. The pair were stood on a giant book of "The Universal Declaration of Human Rights" and the umbrella became a lampshade. Elin Manahan Thomas then performed Handel’s "Eternal Source of Light Divine" during which the lampshade divided into seven sections and six athletes; Robert Barrett (Athletics), Kay Forshaw (Wheelchair Tennis), Tanni Grey-Thompson (Athletics), Tony Griffin (Javelin), Ian Rose (Judo), Marc Woods (Swimming) rose to the centre of the stadium. This was followed by Miranda reciting the 'brave new world' speech from the Tempest.
Navigation.
Miranda is sent on a voyage by Prospero in a boat created by an upturned umbrella. Whilst she is travelling the books symbolise seagulls as the weather turns. Miranda is caught in a storm of ideas as words from "The Universal Declaration of Human Rights" appear on the pixel screen as Ziya Azazi, a contemporary whirling dervish dancer, becomes the eye of the storm on top of the orrery. Birdy sung "Bird Gerhl" as the sway pole dancers signed the lyrics and David Toole did a contemporary dance. Toole and Miranda flew across the stadium, with Miranda arriving back on the book stage.
Gravity.
A Mass of giant apples enter the stadium and circle the book stage creating a maze. Performers juggled as a giant golden apple flew across the stadium. During the section Miranda learned of Isaac Newton and his work of gravity and of the solar system, as apples float and orbit the stage, Propero is at a telescope and three performers create a giant Newton's cradle. Also in this section Miranda led the stadium in the big crunch.
Empowerment.
Orbital then performed "Where Is It Going?" as protesters with placards entered to call for equal rights. Ian Dury's "Spasticus Autisticus" was performed by Graeae Theatre Company, whist Orbital continued to perform behind Hawking. Miranda and Propero protested as a giant version of Marc Quinn's statue "Alison Lapper Pregnant" arrived in the middle of the stadium. Miranda rose to break the glass as shattered pieces are seen on the pixels.
Enlightenment.
A film showing the journey of the Paralympic torch to the stadium begun the section. Hawking put the Paralympic Games into the wider context of society. Royal Marine Commando Joe Townsend, who hoped to compete in Rio, followed by zip wiring into the Olympic Stadium from the ArcelorMittal Orbit carrying the Paralympic torch. Fireworks signifed his arrival as he handed it to Dave Clark, member of the 2012 blind 5 a side football team. Clark then ran to the cauldron where he passed it to Margaret Maughan, Britain's first Gold medallist in the Paralympic Games, who lit the petals which rose to form the cauldron.
I Am What I Am.
Beverley Knight, Lizzie Emeh and Caroline Parker appeared on the Moon stage to close the Ceremony with a performance of I am What I am. A pyrotechnic display took place as the entire cast flooded the stadium to form the three agitos of the Paralympic logo. The cast and the audience joined in with the signing and signed the lyrics which were learnt pre-show.
Broadcasting and reception.
80,000 people watched the Ceremony in the stadium. Audience viewing figures in the United Kingdom showed that an average of 7.6 million, a 40% share, watched the ceremony.
The opening ceremony was met with positive reviews. The "Daily Mail" felt that it was "enthusiastic" and "full of joy", but still noted that it was still "not a patch on Boyle's epic "Isles of Wonder" when it comes to epic entertainment". Jim White of "The Daily Telegraph" described the ceremony as "three hours of noisy, colourful, bolshie brouhaha. Plus umbrellas." However, White also felt that it was also "a little jumbled in its rush to communicate its ideas, maybe; occasionally resembling a giant prog rock gig, for sure." White also praised the ceremony's use of "The Tempest" as an overlying theme, believing that Miranda's "O wonder" speech was "beautifully apt" in the context of what fans would expect to see during the Paralympics, and that her flight upwards into a glass ceiling was the most symbolic moment of the entire ceremonysince he believed that Paralympic athletes would also be "smashing ceilings" throughout the Games. 
Writing in the Independent Jerome Taylor notes that the ceremony was more structured and the music more classical than the Olympic equivalent "but it was still infused with simmering political radicalism and social commentary." Taylor also states that the Ceremony was a celebration of humankind overcoming the impossible. While Charles Perrin in the Daily Express states that after the Olympics the opening ceremony of the Paralympics "won the hearts and minds of the public with a truly memorable show." Perrin adds that "there was a palpable sense of awe and wonder attached to the ceremony, especially when the athletes parade began stadium." 
Charlotte Higgins of "The Guardian" also enjoyed the ceremony, noting that despite the lack of "gleeful anarchy" and lower budget in comparison to its Olympic equivalent, noting that the theme of enlightenment representing both "a hoped-for lifting of prejudice against disabled people; and the 18th-century onrush of scientific knowledge and quest for the rights of man", along with its embodiment through the use of Stephen Hawking were "brilliant strokes" by the directors. In conclusion, Higgins remarked that concluding that "the ceremony seemed to suggest, the only barrier to disabled people's fulfilling their potential was one of perception." Fellow Guardian writer Owen Gibson was also positive towards the opening ceremony, stated that the creators had finally "found" dramatic use for the Olympic Park's Orbit sculpture." Overall Gibson found the ceremony to be a 'thought-provoking, expectation-defying, moving and occasionally challenging romp.' Concluding "Just as the title of Boyle's Isles of Wonder spectacular came to sum up the giddy excitement of London's Olympics, so organisers hope that Enlightenment will come to describe the effect of the Paralympics that over the next 10 days will conclude a bounteous sporting summer." Francis Ryan writing for the same paper notes that "it was a seismic beginning for an opening ceremony that seemed smaller than its Olympic counterpart one month ago. It seemed lower key, perhaps, with less fanfare and more poignancy than brash spectacle. But by midnight, wonder was literally flying through the air." Ryan states that the ceremony "was beauty, a thrust of anger, and a spotlight on athletes too often in the shade." Ryan notes that the ceremony was thoughtful and combined emotional and complex ideas with the mystical. Concluding Ryan notes that Miranda smashing the ceiling was fiction but "in a sense in the real world had made a crack." Whilst Richard Williams proclaimed that the nation suffered a petite mort at the end of the Olympics took its opportunity to come back to life.
Anthony Faiola, writing for the "Washington Post" noted that "the expensive theatrics and brilliant pyrotechnics Wednesday underscored just how far the event has come," from the Games beginning in 1948. He also notes that the ceremony was far more sober than it's Olympic counterpart but could be just as esoteric. Lawrence Downes in the "New York Times" noted that the ceremony was truly cosmic. Gary Kingston writing in the "Vancouver Sun" noted that the ceremony was equally infused with "whimsy and wonder." He further stated that there was playful use of the umbrella during the ceremony quintessential of British objects. Kingston also comments that the appearance of Toole and the aerial ballet demonstrated that physical limitations do not limit human potential.
Channel 4, the official broadcaster of the Paralympics in the United Kingdom, faced criticism throughout the opening ceremony for its coverage; viewers believed that the broadcaster was taking too many commercial breaks (and missed the entry of several nations, plus a video montage), and also complained about the quality of Jon Snow's commentary; such as bringing up too many facts pertaining to war during the parade of nations. Channel 4 responded to the criticism, saying that they had taken fewer breaks than normal for a primetime programme, and were pleased at Snow was part of the team.

</doc>
<doc id="36713425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713425" title="Coloured Canyon">
Coloured Canyon

Coloured Canyon (Arabic الوادي الملون) is a rock formation on Sinai peninsula. It is a labyrinth of rocks, some of them have about 40 meters. The canyon is almost 800 meters long. The nearest town to the canyon is Nuweiba. It is about 90 km north of Dahab.

</doc>
<doc id="36713438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713438" title="Bagh-e Sineh">
Bagh-e Sineh

Bagh-e Sineh (, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Sīneh) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713446" title="Battle of Niså">
Battle of Niså

The Battle of Niså was a naval battle fought on 9 August 1062 between the forces of the Norwegian king Harald Hardrada and the Danish king Sweyn Estridsson. Harald had claimed the Danish throne since 1047, and had launched raids into Denmark ever since. With his invasion in 1062, he wanted to decisively defeat the Danes, and thus finally be able to conquer Denmark. The battle was won clearly by the Norwegians, but since many Danes managed to escape, including Sweyn, it proved indecisive in Harald's attempt to conquer Denmark.
Background.
When Harald became the sole king of Norway in 1047, he also claimed the Danish throne, despite that his predecessor and co-ruler Magnus the Good (king of Norway and Denmark) had appointed Sweyn as his successor in Denmark. Since 1048, Harald launched raids into Denmark almost annually, attempting to force Sweyn out of the country. Although the raids were largely successful, Harald never managed to occupy Denmark. With the invasion in 1062, he sought to gain a decisive victory over Sweyn.
The battle.
According to the Icelandic saga writer Snorri Sturluson, the battle had been preassigned a time and place, but Sweyn did not appear as agreed. Harald thus sent home his non-professional ships and soldiers, the "peasant army" ("bóndaherrin"), which had made up around half of his forces. When the ships were out of sight, Sweyn finally appeared and engaged Harald's fleet. With his own so-called "drekanum" ship in the middle, Harald tied his ships together in order to prevent gaps in the line. He placed his earl Haakon Ivarsson and his forces from Trøndelag on the flanks. Sweyn used the same tactic, but unlike Harald had his own earl Finn Arnesson placed right next to himself, instead of on the flanks. The battle commenced in the evening, and lasted through the night.
The two sides were evenly matched for a long time into the battle, until Haakon disengaged his ships from the flanks and started attacking the weakened Danish ships on the flanks. Sweyn had no similar reserve force, and his fleet was defeated by dawn, with 70 ships left "empty" and the remainder retreating. While Finn fought until he was captured, Sweyn jumped into the water and was rescued by his former ally Haakon (albeit unknowingly to Harald). Haakon was after the battle universally recognized, including by Harald, as the hero of the battle, but when his treachery in rescuing Sweyn was discovered he fell into disfavour (even though Haakon claimed Sweyn had been in disguise, and that he had not recognized it was him).
Aftermath.
Although Harald won the battle, the victory was not decisive since many Danish ships and men had managed to escape, including Sweyn. Denmark's economic and social fabric had been destroyed by the yearly raids, but the lengthy war had also taken its toll in Norway. After the Battle of Niså, Harald had trouble collecting taxes in the Uplands, and probably also in other areas. In 1064, Harald finally offered Sweyn unconditional peace without reparations or loss of land, and the two kings concluded peace.

</doc>
<doc id="36713451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713451" title="Yaar Pardesi">
Yaar Pardesi

Yaar Pardesi is a 2012 Punjabi comedy drama film directed by Gurbir Singh Grewal. The movie was released on 24 August 2012. Gurpreet Ghuggi plays the lead role.
Plot.
Anna (Claudia Ciesla) comes to Punjab to find her sister's husband who cheated her and disappeared from Canada, with all her sister's valuables along with Sehaj (Vandana Singh). Sehaj's father wants to marry her to anyone who offers lot of money as Sehaj has permanent resident rights in Canada. Sehaj finds this and runs away from home and goes to Kuku's home (Gurpreet Ghuggi), whom they earlier met at Delhi Airport. After finding out that Sehaj has permanent residency of Canada, two of Kuku's friend Deep and Jashan tries to woo Sehaj. Sehaj is confused between the two and finally choose Jashan. A local businessman is interested in buying Kuku's family land. But Kuku is not interested so the businessman often sends hence henchman to threaten him. Kuku's sister is school teacher and on a day is invited for lunch at fellow teacher's home. She takes Anna along with her, where she finds the photograph of the man she is looking for. That man turns out to be husband of Kuku's sister's colleague Tarseem Singh (Binnu Dhillon). Kuku enlist Deep's school time friend Vijay, a suspended cop. Vijay kidnaps Ujagar Singh, the in-charge cop of the area, who is also accomplice in businessman and Tarseem's crimes. Vijay threatens Ujagar with life and gets the truth out of him. Due to solving this case, Vijay gets his job back and arrest Tarseem and the businessman. Kuku, Anna, Sehaj and Jashan forms a committed relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="36713465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713465" title="Beardstown Bridge">
Beardstown Bridge

The Beardstown Bridge is a two-lane bridge that carries U.S. Route 67 and Illinois Route 100 across the Illinois River between Schuyler County, Illinois and the city of Beardstown, Cass County, Illinois. The bridge was built in 1955 and rehabilitated in 1985. It is the northernmost and furthest upstream of the three Illinois River crossings used by IL 100, with the other two being at Florence and Hardin.
The bridge is appraised as structurally deficient, with a sufficiency rating of 40.2 out of 100 during its 2000 and 2010 inspections. The IDOT estimates that it would cost $173 million to construct a replacement bridge and approach roads. A new bridge is part of the plans for a U.S. 67 Corridor project.

</doc>
<doc id="36713478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713478" title="Fun Pier">
Fun Pier

Fun Pier opened up as the Wildwood Convention Hall Pier in 1924 by being leased out by Holly Beach Realty. In 1957 Holly Beach Realty ended there contract with the Wildwood Convention Hall Pier eventually rented the pier to Joe Barnes where he turned it into Fun Pier. When Barnes first started to rent the pier he had to destroy the entrance of the Wildwood Convention Hall to accommodate enough room to build some new rides. The end of the Wildwood Convention Hall which was an arcade and some shops was converted to a dark ride. Eventually by the mid 60's the building was torn down. The pier eventually got a Monorail, Ski Ride, Sky Tower and some other kiddie rides. In 1973 the Seascape ride way redeveloped into Castle Frankenstein. Later in 1975 the Devil's Inn was transformed into Lost World. On November 15, 1976 Joe Barnes sold the pier to the Howard's family. When he came some renovations came to the pier when he got rid of the classic monorail. In the 80's the pier added two water slides which would last until the final years of the pier. In 1984 there was a fire in the back of the pier (still unknown the cause) which burned Castle Frankenstein to the beach. Later that year on November 24, 1984 the Lost World was completely burned. This fire also destroyed the Crazy House, Jet 400, and the bumper cars. In 1984 Fun Pier removed the Sky Tower. The pole would remain on the pier until May 6, 2009. In the 1985 Season the two water slides were removed to make a difference on the pier. Later on that year Fun Pier would close down. In April 1, 1987 the pier was sold to Morey's Piers. During the 1987 season the Hanneford Family Circus rented the pier.
The Morey's Era.
The pier is currently owned by Morey's Piers. The Morey's renamed it to Wild Wheels in the 90's and in 2006 it was once again renamed Adventure Pier.
Former rides.
The pier has had many ride which includes a Helicopter launch, the Cinema 180, the Mummy 3D, a bungee jump, a 4D theater, the Jersey Junkyard.
Current rides.
The Great White, the Skyscraper ride, a The Spring Shot ride, a Screamin' Swing, a Skycoaster, a maze, a newer and higher Sky Ride, a Tornado, a Scrambler, a boat tag game, batting cages, Grand Prix Raceway, a Carousel and other kiddie rides.

</doc>
<doc id="36713496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713496" title="Michael Robinson (arena football)">
Michael Robinson (arena football)

Michael Robinson (born March 3, 1986) is a professional Arena football and Indoor football defensive end who is currently a free agent.
College career.
Robinson attended Nassau Community College where he was a standout member of the football team. He was named a 2005 pre-season NJCAA honorable mention as a tight end by Rivals.com.
Professional career.
Huntington Hammer.
Robinson was selected with the first pick of the second round (7th Overall) by the Huntington Hammer in the 2011 UIFL Draft. Robinson enjoyed a great season with the Hammer, on his way to being named to the 1st Team All-UIFL as a defensive lineman.
Harrisburg Stampede.
Robinson played in one game with the Harrisburg Stampede of the Southern Indoor Football League.
Erie Explosion.
Robinson recorded 20 Sacks in 12 games, earning him First Team All-UIFL honors. He also added 14.5 Tackles for Loss.
Kansas City Command.
Michael's strong UIFL season earned him a call-up to the Kansas City Command, where he recorded 5 Tackles and 1 Sack in 3 games.
Pittsburgh Power.
Robinson signed with the Pittsburgh Power with one week left in the 2013 regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="36713543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713543" title="Driss Lachgar">
Driss Lachgar

Driss Lachgar ( – born 1954, Rabat) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces party. Between 2010 and 2012, he held the position of Minister of Relations with the Parliament in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.

</doc>
<doc id="36713553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713553" title="US 31–Island Lake Outlet Bridge">
US 31–Island Lake Outlet Bridge

The US 31–Island Lake Outlet Bridge is a double-leaf bascule bridge in downtown Charlevoix, Michigan, that carries U.S. Route 31 (US 31, Bridge Street) across Island Lake Outlet (also known as the Pine River Channel). It is the fifth bridge to cross the channel there with the first being a pedestrian-only structure that was built in the nineteenth century. The bridge was planned in 1940, but World War II delayed the acceptance of bids until 1947. Construction finished in 1949 and the bridge opened to traffic in late June of that year. The bridge is part of the National Highway System.
History.
Island Lake Outlet, also known as the Pine River Channel, was dredged in 1870 to connect Lake Michigan to Lake Charlevoix through Round Lake. A total of five bridges have crossed the channel at this location; the first was a small footbridge built in 1869. The current bridge replaced a swing truss bridge built by the city of Charlevoix in 1901.
The US 31–Island Lake Outlet Bridge was designed by the bridge division of the Michigan State Highway Department, led by George M. Foster, and by consulting engineers Haslett and Erdal. Plans were prepared in 1940, but World War II delayed the project. In January 1947, the department announced that it would accept bids beginning February 6 for the bridge's construction. Five bids were received and the contract was awarded to the lowest bidder ($697,981) submitted by L.W. Lamb Company of Holland, Michigan, and the Luedtke Engineering Company of Frankfort, Michigan.
Construction was overseen by N. F. Kinney from the state highway department and H. J. Conroy (a district bridge engineer). Fabricated steel was purchased at a cost of $270,433 from the Mt. Vernon Bridge Company of Mt. Vernon, Ohio. In late May 1947, Luedtke Engineering arrived on site with their pile driver and construction commenced. Electrical work was contracted to Lake Shore Engineering Company from Iron Mountain, Michigan. In August, a was towed from Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, to carry traffic while the new bridge was under construction. The temporary bridge was fixed to the north bank and mounted to a pontoon on the south end to permit navigation of the channel.
By November, construction of the north pier was underway and the south pier coffer dam was being installed. By March 1948, the north pier was ready to have its two steel bascule racks installed. However, the bronze-alloy trunnions were difficult to cast and were not satisfactory until the third attempt in September. In October, bascule girders arrived, manufactured by Mt. Vernon Bridge Company. Assembly of the south leaf was completed by early November, but the north leaf was delayed by poor weather and an insufficient number of laborers worsened by the start of deer hunting season.
By January 1949, the south counterweight had been poured and welding of the mesh road surface of the south leaf was underway, followed by work on the north side. Into spring, machinery was installed and finishing details completed. Plans for the transformer structure were approved in April and the bridge opened for traffic on June 27, 1949. On July 30, it was dedicated in memory of twenty-two locals who died fighting in World War II. The ribbon-cutting ceremony was performed by State Highway Commissioner Charles Ziegler.
The bridge originally had standard metal panels along the sidewalks. In the early 1990s, they were replaced with new railings, but these were replaced again with metal lattice railings in the mid-1990s through the efforts of Edith Gilbert.
The bridge is listed on an inventory of historic bridges maintained by the Michigan Department of Transportation.
Design and operation.
The steel mesh road surface is wide with sidewalks cantilevered beyond the bridge girders. Each leaf of the bascule bridge is in length for a total channel width of . Each approach is long with a concrete road surface. The leaves and approaches are supported by concrete piers resting on steel piles; the abutments are supported by pilings.
The leaves are opened by electric motors and the machinery weighs about and each counterweight consists of of concrete. The operator's house is at the southeast corner of the bridge and the transformers are located to the southeast on the east bank of Round Lake. As the bridge opens, recessed barriers rise to block traffic from driving onto the leaves. Gates also descend and flashing lights warn oncoming traffic. When closed, there is of clearance below the bridge.
The bridge has been rated functionally obsolete due to its outdated design.
The bridge opens for recreational craft on the hour and half-hour from April through October. From April through December, the bridge opens on signal between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. For the remainder of the year, the bridge opens on signal when given notice twelve hours in advance. For public and commercial vessels and vessels in distress, the bridge is opened as soon as possible.
Impact.
Because the bridge opens regularly during the summer months, it is a major source of traffic congestion. On occasion, the bridge has also been stuck in the raised position, as happened for a little over two hours in June 2004. Additional crossings have been explored, but the highly seasonal nature of the backups and financial constraints make them impractical.
Since idling cars waiting for the bridge to close result in pollution and a significant waste of fuel, June 28 to July 4, 2010, was declared "Idle Free Week" in Charlevoix.

</doc>
<doc id="36713579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713579" title="Zenithink ZT280 Tablet PC">
Zenithink ZT280 Tablet PC

ZT280 Tablet PC is a tablet computer that is created by the Android tablet company, Zenithink. The main operating system used on this tablet is Android, with the latest devices being created with Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. The current latest device is the C91 Upgrade, which features 1024MB RAM with Flash 11.01 compatibility and HDMI connectivity outputs. The tablet includes a media section which includes Music, Gallery, Video and Applications/Widgets. The apps also include an Office application which allows edits and creation of Word, Powerpoint and Excel files. The tablet also includes preinstalled apps such as Facebook for Android. Another feature of the tablet is that it enables the user to allow tethering of their devices Wireless/Internet connection which includes password protection and edits of the name given to the connection allowing users to personalise their devices connection without having to change settings in any way. Personalization features also include Wallpaper, Applications and Google Play

</doc>
<doc id="36713580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713580" title="Massachusetts Council on Compulsive Gambling">
Massachusetts Council on Compulsive Gambling

The Massachusetts Council on Compulsive Gambling is a private, non-profit health agency that was founded in 1983. It provides information, promotes public awareness, and offers community education, professional training, advocacy and referral services for problem gamblers, their loved ones, and the greater community.
History.
The Mass. Council on Compulsive Gambling was founded in 1983 by Thomas N. Cummings and a small group of others affected by gambling problems. Together, they identified a need for statewide problem-gambling services. Tom served as Executive Director until his passing in January 1998.
Today, there is a greater awareness of problem gambling in Massachusetts. The Mass. Council provides problem gambling education, trainings and events. There is also access to statewide Department of Public Health problem-gambling treatment facilities throughout Massachusetts.
Services provided by the Council include information and public awareness, education and training, advocacy, referral and helpline and prevention programs.
Services and Programs.
Information & Public Awareness.
The Council works to raise awareness about problem gambling and the programs and services available to help people affected by the disorder. It provides a variety of informative material, from brochures and DVDs to websites, free to the public.
Education & Training.
Representatives from the Council offer presentations at schools, businesses, non-profits, and consult on problem gambling policy development and review. They also lead an annual conference, regional trainings, and online trainings. Trainings aim to increase current substance abuse and mental health clinicians’ skills in clinical interventions, addictions treatment, and case management for people experiencing gambling disorders.
Advocacy.
The Council works towards responsible public policy guidelines for responsible state-supported gambling. It advocates for services for problem gamblers, their families, and the greater community.
It started with the 1987 legislation that provided funding for the Council. In 1987 there was only 1 treatment site available for those affected by problem gambling, as of 2012 there were 14 sites. The Council formed the Massachusetts Partnership for Responsible Gambling in 2010. It also worked with the National Council on Problem Gambling to advocate for the "Comprehensive Problem Gambling Act of 2009" with federal legislative offices and key Massachusetts stakeholders.
Referral/Helpline.
Set up in 1987, the helpline has provided free, live, confidential and anonymous caller responses 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Council staff members are equipped to offer information and referrals for self-help, treatment providers and other community resources to people experiencing problems with gambling. They are free and are offered in English, Chinese, Vietnamese, Khmer, and Spanish.
Prevention.
The Council increased its focus on prevention initiatives in 2007, bringing together community, faith, and educational institutions to strengthen the prevention of problem gambling efforts in at-risk communities. The Council has developed special prevention programs for African American, Latino American and Asian Americans, older adults, youth and college students.
Impact.
The Council has advocated for treatment for problem gamblers that has resulted in a progression of treatment availability in Massachusetts and the development and implementation of a plan that integrates gambling treatment throughout the substance abuse delivery system.
Since 1987 the Council has answered over 37,000 calls and referred more than 32,000 people to treatment services. Since 1983, the Council has generated and contributed to more than 1,950 media stories on problem gambling.
Prevalence.
Research has estimated the number of U.S citizens who gamble as well as the number who experience pathological and sub-clinical pathological gambling:

</doc>
<doc id="36713584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713584" title="Hans H. Indorf">
Hans H. Indorf

Hans H. Indorf (died March 10, 1989 in Fairfax, Virginia) was an academic professor and international advisor in political science. "I regard Dr. Indorf as one of the most brilliant and best informed men on foreign affairs of any expert I have ever come in contact with," said Senator Robert Burren Morgan.
Early life.
Hans Indorf, a naturalized American citizen, was born in Germany but escaped to America during the days of Adolf Hitler, and became a Fulbright scholar as part of the Fulbright Program. His parents remained behind in Germany, later East Germany, behind the Iron Curtain.
Professional life.
From 1950 through 1952, he was the executive director of the International Youth Community Services in Hanover, Germany. Later, he became the education director on board the ship for the Council on International Educational Exchange of New York. In 1960 through 1965, he worked as a consultant in Pakistan and representative in Malaysia of the Ford Foundation. From 1971 through 1973, he was the resident director of the Haus Steineck of East Carolina University in Bonn-Bad Godesberg, Germany. In 1974 and 1975 he was a lecturer for the USIS in Southeast Asia and visiting professor at the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur.
"Dr. Hans H. Indorf, Associate Professor of Political Science at East Carolina University, has been selected for a Fulbright-Hayes award by the Board of Foreign Scholarships and the US Department of State. The award is for consultation in Malaysia on the development of the new division of Southeast Asian Studies at the University of Malaya in Kula Lumpur. Dr. Indorf will also teach a course on regionalism at the university. Dr. Indorf's specialties are international education, comparative government and Asian politics."
"Hans. H. Indorf, East Carolina University, received his second Fulbright-Hays Award. Since May (1977) he served as a Visiting Professor at the University of Malaysia and in October he joined the Washington, DC staff of US Senator Robert Morgan (North Carolina) as an advisor on foreign and domestic policies."
"Indorf had resided for many years in Fairfax where he operated an international consulting firm, lectured and wrote. He first moved to the DC area during his service as legislative affairs director for former US Senator Robert Morgan (D-NC). Indorf completed a term as distinguished visiting professor at Virginia Military Institute last year."
Foreign residences and studies.
Indorf spent a great deal of his life overseas. He worked and studied in Egypt (1945–1947); Great Britain (1947–1950); Scandinavia (1952, 1970, 1971, 1973, 1974, 1976); Western Europe (1953-1955 1968, 1969, 1970. 1971-1973, 1974, 1975 and 1976); India, Burma and East Asia (1962, 1964 and 1965); Malaysia (1962–1965, 1974 and 1975); Southeast Asia (1962. 1964, 1974 and 1975); Afghanistan, Vietnam and Taiwan (1964); USSR (1964, 1971); Hungary (1973); East Africa (1965) and Ceylon-Sri Lanka (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="36713593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713593" title="Andrew Stehlin">
Andrew Stehlin

Andrew Stehlin is a New Zealand actor and stuntman. He started his career as a set builder and stunt performer but found a way to combine his interest in acting with his stuntwork and became a part time actor. He received a minor cult following after playing the vicious vampire beta male Arvin in the horror film 30 Days of Night. Because of an error, Andrew Stehlin's film credits have been split between two different imdb pages.

</doc>
<doc id="36713595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713595" title="Erin Way">
Erin Way

Erin Way (born September 13, 1987), is an American actress. She is known for her role as Kat in the Syfy drama series "Alphas". She joined the show during the third episode of the second season.
A former ballet dancer, Erin Way started acting while in high school. She comes from a family of six children and was home schooled with her two brothers leading up to high school.
She worked with such names as Mark Ruffalo, Bryce Dallas Howard, Ron Howard, and Joe Dante. Way starred in ABC's police procedural "Detroit 1-8-7" and appeared in "Hawaii Five-0", "Private Practice" and "Girlfriends". On the big-screen, she stars in the upcoming "The Collection", "Doonby" and "Not that Funny".
She lives in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36713597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713597" title="Jake Jones (footballer)">
Jake Jones (footballer)

Jake Ben Jones (born 6 April 1993) is an English footballer who currently plays for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Kings Lynn Town, where he plays as a winger.
Playing career.
Walsall.
Born in Solihull, Jones signed his first professional contract in the summer of 2011 after progressing through the youth system. In November 2011, he joined Southern Football League side Redditch United on an initial one-month loan, which was later extended until February. In June 2012, Jones signed a new six-month contract extension.
His debut for the Saddlers came on 11 August 2012, in a 1–0 win over Brentford in the Football League Cup, replacing Nicky Featherstone as a substitute. Jones signed on loan for Lincoln City in the Blue Square Bet Premier until the end of the 2012 /2013 season. He subsequently agreed a permanent contract with The Imps following his release from Walsall stating that the move was a 'no brainer' but then changed his mind at the last minute.
Tamworth.
Jones signed for Tamworth, and the deal was confirmed on 13 May 2013. After a successful loan spell with King's Lynn Town F.C Jake decided to cancel his contract with Tamworth in search for regular first team football and personal reasons. He signed for King's Lynn in January 2014 after a phone call with Gary Mills and Robert Duffy

</doc>
<doc id="36713598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713598" title="Deh Kheyr, Semnan">
Deh Kheyr, Semnan

Deh Kheyr (; also known as Dakhi) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713601" title="Iqbal Day">
Iqbal Day

Iqbal Day () – (Yōm-e Iqbāl) is the birthday of Muhammad Iqbal on 9 November and is a public holiday in Pakistan. Iqbal is known as Muslim philosopher and great poet and considered most important figure in the Urdu literature. He is widely admired by the Pakistani, Indian, Iranian and Turk poets.
History.
Iqbal day is organized and celebrated on 9 November around the whole world to tribute to Iqbal, the "Poet of the East" every year. Iqbal was born on 9 November 1877 in Sialkot, within the Punjab Province of British India (now in Pakistan). He died on 21 April 1938 in Lahore, Punjab, British India. The Pakistan government officially declared him the national poet.

</doc>
<doc id="36713626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713626" title="Dowlatabad, Shahrud">
Dowlatabad, Shahrud

Dowlatabad (, also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713630" title="Tramore Racecourse">
Tramore Racecourse

Tramore Racecourse is a horse racing venue in Tramore, County Waterford, Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing. The course is a Grade Two racecourse and is noted for its right-handed track on a 1 mile circuit.
Racing in Tramore originally took place on the beach in 1785 and was held there until 1911. Racing in the existing location has taken place since 1912. In 1997, a consortium bought the racecourse and invested five million euros in upgrading the facilities.
Festival.
Tramore's major race festival has taken place in August since 1807 usually over four days (three evening meetings) from the Thursday to the Sunday with both national hunt and flat races taking place. In all, the racecourse holds eleven meetings per year.
coordinates = 

</doc>
<doc id="36713637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713637" title="List of towns and cities with names derived from the word salt">
List of towns and cities with names derived from the word salt

This is a list of towns and cities whose names are derived from the word "salt" in various languages.
Filipino.
"Asin" is the Filipino word for salt. Several places associated with salt production in the Philippines include:
English.
"Wich" and "wych" are names also used to denote brine springs or wells. By the eleventh century, use of the "-wich" suffix was extended to town placenames associated with salt production. At least nine English towns and cities carry the suffix, although only five are commonly connected to salt: Droitwich in Worcestershire and the four Cheshire "wiches" of Middlewich, Nantwich, Northwich and Leftwich.

</doc>
<doc id="36713640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713640" title="Sinopoda scurion">
Sinopoda scurion

Sinopoda scurion is the first eyeless huntsman spider to be discovered. It was discovered in 2012 in a Laotian cave. It has a leg span of about and a body span of about . The ability of vision is absent in these huntsman spiders due to their prevalence in dark caves and it has no requirement of vision for hunting. 
History.
"Sinopoda scurion" was found by a scientist in a cave in Laos, around 100km away from the Xe Bang Fai cave.
The eyeless huntsman spider was named after the Swiss Company "Scurion" that makes headlamps for cavers.

</doc>
<doc id="36713641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713641" title="Ali Akbar Farm Company">
Ali Akbar Farm Company

Ali Akbar Farm Company ( – "Gāvdāry-ye ʿAlī Āḵbar Matḥedy") is a village and company town in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 13 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36713647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713647" title="Gondeh Poli">
Gondeh Poli

Gondeh Poli (, also Romanized as Gondeh Polī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713653" title="Gorji, Semnan">
Gorji, Semnan

Gorji (, also Romanized as Gorjī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 48 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713659" title="Gorji">
Gorji

Gorji () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36713669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713669" title="Royal Star and Garter Home, Richmond">
Royal Star and Garter Home, Richmond

The Royal Star and Garter Home, Richmond on Richmond Hill, in Richmond, London was built between 1921 and 1924 to a design by Sir Edwin Cooper, based on a 1915 plan by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott, to provide accommodation and nursing facilities for 180 seriously injured servicemen.
The Royal Star and Garter Homes, the charitable trust running the home, announced in 2011 that it would be selling the building as it did not now meet modern requirements and could not be easily or economically upgraded. The building, which is Grade II listed, was sold in April 2013 to a housing developer, London Square, for £50 million. London Square has since submitted a planning application to undertake the restoration and conversion of the building into apartments. 
The trust opened a new home in Solihull, West Midlands, in 2008 and the remaining residents at the Richmond home moved in August 2013 to a new purpose-built building in Langley Avenue, Surbiton. The trust intends to open a third home on a site in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
History.
During World War I an old hotel on this site, the Star and Garter, which had been a popular place of entertainment in the 18th and 19th centuries but had closed in 1906, was taken over and used as a military hospital, known as the Star and Garter Home for Disabled Sailors and Soldiers.
The site was then donated to Queen Mary (consort of George V) in support of her plans to establish a home for paralysed and permanently disabled soldiers. The hotel banqueting hall and ballroom were temporarily used to house disabled soldiers, but the site was found to be unsuitable for their specialised needs and the hotel buildings were demolished in 1919 and rebuilt as the new Star and Garter Home for Disabled Sailors, Soldiers and Airmen. The new building was dedicated in 1924 as the Women of the Empire's Memorial of the Great War. It was formally opened by George V and Queen Mary on 10 July 1924.
In 1948 residents of the home took part in a forerunner of the Paralympic Games, the first national athletic event for disabled athletes, organised by Dr Ludwig Guttmann.
Famous residents included Nancy Wake, who fought with the French Resistance and who lived in the home from 2003 until her death in August 2011.
The Star and Garter Home received its royal charter in 1979, adding the prefix "Royal" to its name. Since the opening of the second home at Solihull in 2009 the charity has used a plural form of the name, as "The Royal Star and Garter Homes".

</doc>
<doc id="36713670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713670" title="Jeffrey Monakana">
Jeffrey Monakana

Jeffrey Monakana (born 5 November 1993) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Brighton & Hove Albion. Monakana is involved with the club's development squad.
Youth career.
Arsenal.
Monakana progressed through the youth system at Arsenal, then finally in 2008, At the age of 14, Monakana was handed a 4-year contract.
Senior career.
Preston North End.
Monakana signed a one-year-deal with the Lilywhites on 31 May 2012, effective from 1 July 2012.
The 18-year-old winger became the ninth summer signing for Preston North End's Graham Westley, who acted quickly to assemble a squad that would hopefully be competitive in 2012/13.
Wanting to be a part of the new regime, Monakana had already spent four weeks on trial with the Club at the back end of the 2011/12 campaign.
Monakana has had an excellent pre-season, notably his contributions against Athens on Saturday, 28 July 2012, and against Wimbledon on Tuesday, 31 July, Which could very well have cemented his place in the starting XI.
He made his full debut in a home League cup tie against Huddersfield town, on 13 August 2012, Playing for 70 minutes, and had an excellent game, setting Jack King up for the first goal in a 2 – 0 Win.
His first Senior goal came for Preston, in a 2nd round home League Cup Tie, during the opening 2012/2013 campaign on 28 August 2012, Against Crystal Palace. He went on to score 6 goals and 10 assist in his 1st year at professional football,notably in the game against Brentford fc, where then manager Uwe Rosler stating that Monakana was a handful with his pace and skill.
Loan to Colchester United.
On 12 September 2013, Monakana joined fellow League One side Colchester United on a month's loan. He scored on his debut for the club in a 2–2 draw with Bradford City on 14 September. On 15 October 2013, After starting every match since joining Monakana's loan was extended at the club until the beginning of December 2013.
Brighton & Hove Albion.
On 14 January 2014, Monakana transferred to Football League Championship club Brighton & Hove Albion for an undisclosed fee, signing an 18 month contract with the club's development squad.
Loan to Crawley Town.
On 27 March 2014, Monakana joined League One side Crawley Town on a month's loan.

</doc>
<doc id="36713672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713672" title="Jack King (footballer)">
Jack King (footballer)

Jack Andrew King (born 20 August 1985) in Oxford, is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Preston North End.
Career.
Preston North End.
King signed a one-year deal with Preston North End after agreeing terms with manager Graham Westley. He made his first appearance for the club in a 2–0 friendly win at Southport. King marked his full debut in a home League Cup tie against Huddersfield on 13 August 2012, and scored the opening goal with a header in the 29th minute of the 2–0 win.
Honours.
2008–2009 Southern League Division 1 South & West Play-Off Winners,
2005–2006 Hellenic League Premier Division Champions,
2005–2006 Hellenic League Challenge Cup Champions,
2005–2006 Bucks & Berks FA Trophy Winners
2009–2010 Southern League Premier Division Champions
2011–2012 Conference South Champions

</doc>
<doc id="36713684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713684" title="Hasanabad, Shahrud">
Hasanabad, Shahrud

Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713692" title="Albert Rhodes (Lancashire cricketer)">
Albert Rhodes (Lancashire cricketer)

Albert Rhodes (9 April 1889 – 10 March 1970) was an English cricketer. Rhodes was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm slow-medium. He was born at Saddleworth, Yorkshire.
Rhodes made his first-class debut for Lancashire against Warwickshire at Edgbaston in the 1922 County Championship. He made sixteen further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Essex at the County Ground, Leyton, in the 1924 County Championship. In his seventeen first-class appearances, Rhodes scored 382 runs at an average of 17.36, with a high score of 70. One of two half centuries he made, this score came against the touring West Indians in 1923. With the ball, he took 15 wickets at a bowling average of 31.66, with best figures of 2/24.
He also played cricket for Haslingden in the Lancashire League, who played for from 1919 to 1935. He died at Blackpool, Lancashire, on 10 March 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36713699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713699" title="Hoseynabad-e Zandeh">
Hoseynabad-e Zandeh

Hoseynabad-e Zandeh (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Zandeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 455, in 129 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36713706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713706" title="Industrial School Group in Tășnad">
Industrial School Group in Tășnad

The Industrial School Group in Tăşnad (; ) is a blilngual high school in Tăşnad, Romania, with both Romanian and Hungarian language classes. It was established on September 1, 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="36713740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713740" title="IBSA World Championships and Games">
IBSA World Championships and Games

The IBSA World Championships and Games are an international multi-sport event, occurring every four years, organized by the International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA). The events enable blind and partially sighted sportspeople to compete in a number of sports. The first edition took place at Madrid, Spain in 1998.
List of sports.
Championships sports for the 2015 games are:
The competitions in athletics, swimming, goalball and judo are part of the qualification process for the Paralympic Games.
List of past events.
In 2015 the 5th IBSA World Championships and Games will be held in Seoul, South Korea and will include competitions in Powerlifting, Judo, Goalball, Football, Chess, Tenpin Bowling, Tandem Cycling, Swimming, Showdown and Athletics. The events will take place from May 8, 2015 to May 18, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36713751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713751" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Madhya Pradesh/West">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Madhya Pradesh/West

In this list, the ASI recognized monuments in the western part of Madhya Pradesh are described, in the districts Bhopal, Dewas, Dhar, Gwalior, Hoshangabad, Mandsaur, Morena, Burahanpur, Nimar (East), Nimar West, Shivpuri, Sehore and Ujjain. For the eastern part of Madhya Pradesh, see .

</doc>
<doc id="36713753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713753" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Madhya Pradesh/East">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Madhya Pradesh/East

In this list, the ASI recognized monuments in the eastern part of Madhya Pradesh are described, in the districts Balaghat, Bhind, Chhatarpur, Chhindwara, Damoh, Datia, Ashok Nagar, Jabalpur, Katni, Mandla,Panna, Raisen, Rewa, Sagar, Satna, Seoni, Anuppur, Shahdol, Sidhi and Vidisha. For the western part of Madhya Pradesh, see .

</doc>
<doc id="36713790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713790" title="André Fontaine (painter)">
André Fontaine (painter)

André Fontaine (St Gédeon, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, March 6, 1926 - Quebec, January 30, 2005) was a painter known as "The Painter of the stars" and a newspaper journalist. He founded his movement in painting,(the cosmonitic art), in Quebec, being the first to use fiberglass. He was recognized worldwide and skirted famous names, including Walt Disney who dedicated a Mickey Mouse cartoon published in newspapers around the world.
Early life and education.
Andre Fontaine was born on March 6, 1926 in St. Gedeon, a small village in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, a region of Quebec. He studied in Lac-Saint-Jean, then he went high school at Royal Military College Road Victoria, British Columbia. He obtained master's degrees in psychology and fine arts, and a Ph.D. in cosmology at the University of Florida. To defray his studies, he painted alongside big names such as Jackson Pollock and Jacques Fresco.
He married first wife, Marie-Paule Tremblay in Alma, Quebec in 1945. From this union he had two daughters, Helen was born October 11, 1946 and Pauline was born in 1948. The divorce was formalized in 1966.
A futurist artist.
Fontaine, whose works were winning for the first time in 1953 internationally from more than 5,000 exhibits.
In 1963, the American Academy of Arts and Letters awarded him a medal and a scholarship for his artworks and his research, including creating a new painting medium the "texmos". The following year, he won the gold medal of the "American Architectural Association". Then a bright future for this emerging artist who is gaining popularity and is known throughout the great capitals of the world for its unique art he created. His art is his vision
of the infinite universe, a step in the future, marking the time by his modernism. Numerous exhibitions of his works are connected and major U.S. and foreign personalities buy the paintings by. The new composition of his paintings give a three-dimensional effect. In the U.S., we know it mainly by
his last name "Fontaine". Thus in 1965 the famous Walt Disney immortalised Fontaine in a Mickey Mouse comic published worldwide, in which the nephew of Mickey shows that he got the autograph of the painter Fontaine, "the fastest in the world" as that 'he says. In 1966, the Wowetco, organizing artistic and cultural works takes him under contract and his works are exhibited throughout the world. Andre Fontaine, father of his art, "cosmonitic art", he created, its revolutionary medium, which he called "the Texmos" in 1963.
The small little boy from Quebec has exceeded the boundaries of his country not only Canada and the United States, but he managed to make himself known in the greatest capitals of the world! And his works are in museums of contemporary art.
International Press journalist.
Fontaine worked as a freelance journalist, correspondent of the International Press Institute. He worked as a reporter for several agencies including, Radio-Canada, Pathe News, The Saturday Evening Post and International Movietone. He was sent abroad to make feature s, by being present on site during major political events of world history such as: Cuban Revolution, from the mountains of the Sierra Maestra, the crisis of Panama, civil war dominicaine, the construction of the Berlin Wall, Christmas 1963, the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy, the Pope's visit to the United Nations. In addition, he has reported on major launches at Cape Kennedy since it opened in 1956.
He was the first Quebec journalist to be a member of La Presse (Canadian newspaper) to Cape Canaveral.
Exceptional man who touched many areas, it was ordained by the United Church in 1964.
Veteran of the World War II (1939 - 1945), he was wounded on active duty and released in 1947. He also made his military service, United States, National Guard dismissed: Lieutenant Colonel.
In 1965, Serge Brousseau, famous critical to Le Journal de Montreal Andre Fontaine defined as a "cosmic painter" News "The Painter of the Stars". "Because of his art of avant-garde. In addition, he said, speaking of Fontaine in an article published at the time "you're never a prophet in his country", and Fontaine went into exile outside his native country to be recognized for his art and its creation. He lived several years in the United States within West Indies and Latin America.
In 1966, he wanted to disclose facts about the assassination of John F. Kennedy, as certain revelations were disturbing to some people, they wanted his silence.
Between the shade and light.
In 1977, Fontaine out of the shadows, after some difficult years, where he was like " out" from the living world for political reasons.
He published a book co-written with Carmen Morin to tell the whole truth about the story. In 1977, began another life, very different and opens his art studio in Quebec. He had just published the book "conspiracy, which by its embarrassing revelations, was considered to index a book which was withdrawn from the market. That year, he met a young artist, Joan Doyon, who works at the studio to teach painting to children. Both artists have developed a beautiful partnership working, so the following year, 1978 he proposed a bold plan to open an art gallery together. Fountaine Art Gallery opened in Quebec on 56, rue St-Pierre. Due to the inplication artists with good causes, which offer courses to underprivileged youth, this was the first art gallery offering art classes and professionals to receive a government grant, which was led by René Lévesque.
In December 1979, Andre Fontaine married for the second time. His wife was Joan Doyon. They had a daughter, Rachel, born in September 1980.
Union that lasted over 25 years until his death.
During the 1980s he organized 90 exhibitions of his paintings in the regions of Quebec and also gives occasional concerts of classical singing, which sometimes for weddings or the holidays. Another facet of Fountain, is the benefactor of the holiday season, which was recovering beiges, muffins restaurant before closing in order to move the bring centers of charity for the poor.
Being a man of action, he remained active in various fields in addition to his paintings: He was a speaker at academic conferences, a tenor opera singer who gave concerts in churches, guests in TV shows to talk about his art.
Fontaine died on 30 January 2005 following an myocardial infarction at the Hospital Saint-François d'Assise in Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="36713791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713791" title="Megan Franich">
Megan Franich

Megan Franich is a New Zealand actress most known for playing the vampire alpha female Iris in 30 Days of Night. Franich lives in Los Angeles, California with her husband Nick and Siamese cat called Cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="36713796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713796" title="Mean squared displacement">
Mean squared displacement

In statistical mechanics, the mean squared displacement (MSD, also mean square displacement or average squared displacement) is the most common measure of the spatial extent of random motion; in some way it is often enlightening to think of the MSD as the amount of the system "explored" by the random walker. It prominently appears in the Debye–Waller factor (describing vibrations within the solid state) and in the Langevin equation (describing diffusion of a Brownian particle).
Derivation of the MSD for a Brownian particle in 1D.
The probability density function (PDF) for a particle in one dimension is found by solving the one-dimensional diffusion equation. (This equation states that the position probability density diffuses out over time - this is the method used by Einstein to describe a Brownian particle. Another method to describe the motion of a Brownian particle was described by Langevin, now known for its namesake as the Langevin equation.)
given the initial condition formula_2; where formula_3 is the position of the particle at some given time, formula_4 is the tagged particle's initial position, and formula_5 is the diffusion constant with the S.I. units formula_6 (an indirect measure of the particle's speed). The bar in the argument of the instantaneous probability refers to the conditional probability. The diffusion equation states that the speed at which the probability for finding the particle at formula_3 is position dependent.
It can be shown that the one-dimensional PDF is
This states that the probability of finding the particle at formula_3 is Gaussian, and the width of the Gaussian is time dependent. More specifically the Full width at half maximum (FWHM)(technically/pedantically, this is actually the Full "duration" at half maximum as the independent variable is time) scales like
Using the PDF one is able to derive the average of a given function, formula_11, at time formula_12:
where the average is taken over all space (or any applicable variable).
The Mean squared displacement is defined as
expanding out the ensemble average
dropping the explicit time dependence notation for clarity. To find the MSD, one can take one of two paths: one can explicitly calculate formula_16 and formula_17, then plug the result back into the definition of the MSD; or one could find the moment-generating function, an extremely useful, and general function when dealing with probability densities. The moment-generating function describes the formula_18 moment of the PDF. The first moment of the displacement PDF shown above is simply the mean: formula_17. The second moment is given as formula_16. 
So then, to find the moment-generating function it is convenient to introduce the characteristic function:
one can expand out the exponential in the above equation to give
By taking the natural log of the characteristic function, a new function is produced, the Cumulant generating function,
where formula_24 is the formula_25 cumulant of formula_26. The first two cumulants are related to the first two moments, formula_27, via
formula_28 and formula_29
where the second cumulant is the so-called the variance, formula_30. With these definitions accounted for one can investigate the moments of the Brownian particle PDF,
by completing the square and knowing the total area under a Gaussian one arrives at
Taking the natural log, and comparing powers of formula_33 to the cumulant generating function, the first cumulant is
which is as expected, that the mean position is the Gaussian centre. The second cumulant is
the factor 2 comes from the factorial factor in the denominator of the cumulant generating function. From this, the second moment is calculated,
Plugging the results for the first and second moments back, one finds the MSD,
MSD in Experiments.
Experimental methods to determine MSDs include neutron scattering and photon correlation spectroscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="36713815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713815" title="List of museums in Malta">
List of museums in Malta

This is a list of museums in Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="36713841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713841" title="Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House">
Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House

Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood house is a 103-year-old comprehensive social services organization based in East St. Louis. It is a United Way organization and is a United Methodist settlement house operating 22 programs at five sites in the St. Louis Metro East.
The neighborhood house is part of the United Methodist General Board of Global Ministries, meaning it is part of the United Methodist Church's global mission.
Mission of the Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House's programs.
The LBDNH programs address basic human needs by providing food; clothing and emergency help with medical, utility and rent expenses and school supplies.
The programs of the Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House provide training and support for new and young parents with high risk predictors for abuse and neglect, operate quality pre-school programs and runs after-school enrichment programs for teens.
It helps troubled youth, ages 11 to 17, by working with individual families using the case management approach. It assists individuals with job searches, access to job training and employment coaching.
Its homemakers program provides the elderly with in-home household care, transportation to help them remain in their homes, a day care program offering healthy activities for seniors with disabilities and respite for caregivers.
In each program dealing with client, LBDNH uses the wraparound approach. Provide multiple services to individuals and their families to ensure quality of life improving outcomes.
Finally, the LBDNH works with other regional agencies to apply for grants, use funds effectively and efficiently and address needs region-wide to foster cooperation among organizations.
History of the Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House.
The original mission of the neighborhood house was serving Bohemian immigrants who came to East St. Louis in the early 1900s to work in National Stockyards.
Through the support of the Women's Home Missionary Society, Rev. W.F. Fransee, of Bohemian descent, came to the area as a missionary to these people. A small cottage near the comer of 9th and Winstanley was obtained and thus began the Slavonic Settlement, as it was first known.
Church services and Sunday School were held regularly, but from the beginning, the work sought to meet the social, physical and spiritual needs of the community. A Day Care for children of working mothers was one of the first programs to be started. The programs met a ready response and the mission work grew rapidly. In response to the rapidly growing programs, the Women's Home Missionary Society of Southern Illinois Conference in 1914 provided the funds for a new building at the comer of 9th and Winstanley.
In 1939, the a new building was constructed and names the after Mrs. Frank L. Davis (Lessie Bates, the wife of a physician, who raised the $125,000 necessary for the construction.
Elizabeth Provence served as executive director during the tumult of the 1960s and early 1970s, strengthening and expanding the agency's recreational and educational programs at the agency. In addition, she was able to get the community residents more actively involved in the programming at Neighborhood House. As the city's population fell from 75,000 in the 1960s to slightly over 40,000 by 1990, the housing stock continued to decline and the number of impoverished people in the city increased. The needs of the children and families in the community also continued to grow and change. In response to this growing need the Neighborhood House began offering additional programs and services, with the goal of "Empowering and Strengthening the Individuals and Families throughout the greater East St. Louis community."
Locations.
Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood operates five sites in the Greater St. Louis Metro East area.
St. Louis Metro East
Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House houses the administrative offices of Lessie Bates Davis organization. It also house the support staff for social workers, the RSVP(Retired Senior &Volunteer Program)program, the Homemakers program, as well as the marketing and development staff.
The building was dedicated in 1939 and named after Lessie Bates Davis, who raised the funds for the building. The original building held dorms for missionaries. Year round the site hosts an open and supervised gymnasium for area youth. Programs today include emergency services programs, utility assistance, community organizing and outreach programs, youth services including recreation, education, and cultural arts, and a wide range of comprehensive family support and family preservation services.
The Homemakers Program, based at the site serves over 500 seniors in the Greater St. Louis Metro East. The homemakers provide cooking, cleaning and personal care to elderly persons 60 years of age and older who are blind, handicapped or disabled. In addition, the homemakers provide escort services to the doctor, grocery store or other important appointments. The Homemakers Programs also serves the community as a large employment provider.
The Lessie Bates Davis Family Development Center is the site of LBDNH's day care, Pre-K, Head Start, and Migrant Head Start programs. The site was formerly a grocery store in downtown East St. Louis that was converted into class rooms in 1989.
The Mary E. Brown Center is the primary youth center for Lessie Bates Davis youth programs. It houses after school and summer time school hours recreation, classes, tutoring, and arts. It is on site of the Teen-REACH programs which mentor youth and provide positive and educational activities. The building is unique in itself, with the gymnasium housed under a geodesic dome designed by Buckminster Fuller.
Continuum of Life Care Center/Paulyn House is located at 1274 N. 37th St, East Saint Louis, IL 62204. It is a homeless resources center as well as the site of LBDNH's food pantry. The food pantry is in LBDNH's four county area and serves residents of St. Clair County, Monroe County, Madison County, and Clinton County.
Resources include counselors, meals, cool shelter in times of heat, showers, computer and internet access, job readiness training, and access to social service experts.
Trinity Outreach Center is the location of LBDNH's Teen TeenREACH (Responsibility, Education, Achievement, Caring, and Hope), which provides youth activities during non-school hours and throughout the school year as well as during the summer through the use of six core components:
The building houses a gymnasium, computer lab, activity areas, as well as administration space for youth supervisors case workers.
Home Away from Home Adult Day Center provides evening, weekend and overnight daycare and respite care services are provided to ensure that loved ones receive professional, personalized monitored care during off peak hours.
This provides opportunities for care givers to schedule personal time for vacations and other social activities to maintain a quality of life and grant them much needed rest. Home Away From Home Adult Day Center operates in partnership with Lessie Bates Davis Neighborhood House.

</doc>
<doc id="36713845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713845" title="Eagle Pass Camino Real Port of Entry">
Eagle Pass Camino Real Port of Entry

The Eagle Pass Camino Real Port of Entry (sometimes called (Eagle Pass II) is located at the Camino Real International Bridge. Built in 1999, it is the location where all commercial vehicles entering Eagle Pass are inspected. .

</doc>
<doc id="36713877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713877" title="Honor Found in Decay">
Honor Found in Decay

Honor Found in Decay is the tenth studio album from the Oakland, California band Neurosis, released on October 30, 2012 in North America. The album is notable for incorporating elements of folk music while furthering the heaviness that was emphasized on Neurosis' previous album, "Given to the Rising". "Honor Found in Decay" was lauded by Sputnikmusic for being "as challenging and engrossing a record as they have ever produced and an incredible celebration of the band's legendary career". Guitarist and vocalist Steve Von Till cautioned that "if you're going put our record on, it's not going to be a party".
Overview.
Considering the title of the album, Steve Von Till conceded that the band members cannot agree on its precise meaning, but "one thing that really resonates with me is that decay is the natural state of all things over time...When shit's falling apart, that is when you see the people who have honor and will stand by what they said, or those that are self-serving or dishonorable and stab people in the back".
Von Till characterized the band's development from "Given to the Rising" to "Honor Found in Decay" as focusing upon flow by contrasting harmony and disharmony. Writing for "Decibel Magazine", Brent Burton noted that "Honor Found in Decay" "marks the first time Neurosis have successfully incorporated the songwriterly tendencies of Scott Kelly and Steve Von Till's solo careers. Folksy, but still explosively heavy".
As Von Till explained, "I always see our evolution as spiralling inward towards a core; we're constantly getting purer and purer; to the essence of what our music is supposed to be." Von Till, noting that Neurosis' objective is to outdo its past efforts results, describes how this drive affects Neurosis' more recent albums:
The interplay between harmony and dissonance was noted by several publications, with "The Quietus" describing "Honor Found in Decay" as "hideously punishing...yet beautiful".
Songwriting and recording.
Elements of the album dated back to the end of the songwriting process for the previous album, "Given to the Rising". Scott Kelly explained that the band continued to "overwrite and then start subtracting ...As far back as I can remember, there's always been an initial sort of reflection on where we were with the previous record and what we feel like doing, where we feel like we could be better. We sort of let that settle in and then let the music go as it wishes". Von Till explained that the lengthy songwriting process, which took over 5 years, was important to achieving the end result: "For these songs, we had to kind of let them reconstitute themselves or transform into a new shape over time...It's basically finding the opportunities to surrender ourselves to that kind of tangible spirit that drives everything we do".
"Honour Found in Decay" continued the band's working relationship with producer Steve Albini. The band spent 10 days in the studio, which was described by Von Till as "luxurious" in comparison with the 6 days allotted to the studio for "Given to the Rising". Von Till described the relationship with Albini as fitting naturally with the approach and intent of Neurosis:
As Von Till explained, "People think that our music is very dense and complicated and layered, and that may be true in the way it's perceived, but it's just a single take of a band playing". Significantly, even the keyboard parts are played live in the studio, with "The Quietus" noting that the "interplay between electronics and amps is comparatively untouchable." "Spin" noted that "here more than on any previous Neurosis LP, he Landis commandeers his bandmates' sustained chords and snail-paced tempos and fills the space with smartly tinted textures," which reference Joy Division, Ennio Morricone, and Jarboe.
Artwork.
The cover artwork features a totem with three arrows. This emblem, Von Till suggests, "represents the whole is greater than the individual, the unity within a group creates more stability and more strength, which is definitely true of Neurosis". The totem itself is based on ancient arrowheads. Throughout the album's booklet, methods of communication interact with ancient symbols in order to illustrate the
Von Till explained that the artwork, with its "whole vibe of obsession, or meditation, or offerings" intentionally does not tell "an exact story", but rather "just hints at things - I think it’s a perfect visual space for people to trip on while they’re listening to the album." Scott Kelly elaborated upon Von Till's perspective, further delineating the story expressed in the artwork: "we started to build this room that was for this isolated person in a possibly post-apocalyptic setting, or after everything has broken down, trying to find his place. And the cover itself is his altar, his place where his spirit lives".
Reception.
According to Metacritic, the album received "universal acclaim" based on 20 critics.
Pitchfork praised the album for not "abandonthe moody sprawl of the band's last few full-lengths" while "help[ing restore urgency to an aesthetic that seemed in danger of growing soporific. It's become common to refer to Neurosis as post-metal, as if the band had outgrown the primal allure of the riff. "Honor" refutes that idea. It's a record that proves these grizzled artisans still know how to flex their muscles."
"The Guardian" also praised the band for the balance struck on "Honor Found in Decay": "In less skilful hands, this relentless sonic oppression would be gruelling, but by expressing human frailty with such visceral abandon, Neurosis have once again turned darkness into euphoria." Similarly, Popmatters observed an equilibrium between "emotional complexity" and being "resoundingly heavy, with unguarded truth being just as important as thick atmospherics or colossal riffs."

</doc>
<doc id="36713897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713897" title="Giacomo Savelli (cardinal)">
Giacomo Savelli (cardinal)

Giacomo Savelli (1523–1587) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.
Biography.
A member of the Savelli family, Giacomo Savelli was born in Rome in 1523, the son of Roman nobles Giambattista Savelli and Costanza Bentivoglio. His paternal grandmother, Camilla Farnese, was a cousin of Pope Paul III.
Savelli studied Latin and Greek as a young man and then attended the University of Padua to study law. He joined the papal household of Pope Paul III as a chamberlain of honor. He also served as a protonotary apostolic.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of December 19, 1539. He received the red hat and the deaconry of Santa Lucia in Selci on April 16, 1540. On January 8, 1543, he opted for the deaconry of Santi Cosma e Damiano. From April 13, 1545 to May 26, 1546, he was the administrator of the see of Teramo.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. The new pope made Cardinal Savelli papal legate in the March of Ancona and he served in that position throughout the pontificate of Julius III. He opted for the deaconry of San Nicola in Carcere on March 9, 1552.
He participated in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
He was the administrator of the see of Gubbio from May 29, 1555 until February 6, 1556, when he resigned the administration in favor of his nephew Marino Savelli, bishop-elect of Nicastro. Cardinal Savelli became administrator of Nicastro for a second time starting February 6, 1556, resigning sometime before January 26, 1560.
On December 16, 1558, he opted for the deaconry of Santa Maria in Cosmedin. In 1559, he participated in the papal conclave that elected Pope Pius IV.
He was ordained as a priest on January 19, 1560, and he opted for the order of cardinal priests at that time. From January 26, 1560 until May 17, 1574, he was administrator of the see of Benevento. He was also the Vicar General of Rome from 1560 to 1587. On June 27, 1571, he was one of three cardinals appointed by the pope to study providing assistance for the poor of Rome. He participated in the papal conclave of 1565-66 that elected Pope Pius V. He served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 14, 1568 until January 14, 1569. He was a participant in the papal conclave of 1572 that elected Pope Gregory XIII. On April 8, 1573, he opted for the titular church of Santa Maria in Trastevere.
On July 31, 1577, he opted for the order of cardinal bishops, receiving the suburbicarian see of Sabina. He opted for the suburbicarian see of Porto e Santa Rufina. During this period, he was the Vice-Dean of the College of Cardinals. In 1585, he attended the papal conclave that elected Pope Sixtus V.
He died in Rome on December 5, 1587. He was buried in the Church of the Gesù.

</doc>
<doc id="36713919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713919" title="Richmond Synagogue">
Richmond Synagogue

Richmond Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Lichfield Gardens, Richmond, London. The synagogue building, designed by Stern Thom Fehler Architects, was opened on 9 March 1987 by Chief Rabbi Sir Immanuel Jakobovits and Rabbi Moshe Barron. 
The synagogue operates a day centre for Jewish people over 60.
Rabbi Jonathan Hughes became the synagogue's rabbi in November 2013. Previously an associate rabbi at the Hendon United Synagogue, he is a law graduate and former Reading Football Club player.
History.
Until 1916 the synagogue community was known as the Richmond Hebrew Congregation and from 1916 to 1938 it met at Central Hall, Parkshot, Richmond, a building opened on 28 June 1916 by Leopold de Rothschild, the then President of the United Synagogue. From 1938 it met at a converted chapel in Sheen Road which was later purchased by Richmond upon Thames Council to make way for a Waitrose supermarket.
Previous rabbis have included Yitzchak Schochet (1991–93). Notable congregants have included Eldred Tabachnik and Lord Woolf.
Communications.
The synagogue publishes a magazine, "Richmond Record".

</doc>
<doc id="36713926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713926" title="Pavia (disambiguation)">
Pavia (disambiguation)

Pavia is a town and commune in Italy.
Pavia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36713927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713927" title="Villages in Minsk Oblast">
Villages in Minsk Oblast

This is a list of villages in the providence (Oblast) of Minsk in Belarus:

</doc>
<doc id="36713948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713948" title="More Golden Grass">
More Golden Grass

More Golden Grass is a 1970 compilation album by the California-based rock band The Grass Roots. It was issued by the ABC Dunhill Records label. It includes the No. 15 charting hit single "Temptation Eyes".
Track listing.
All songs produced by Steve Barri or P. F. Sloan.

</doc>
<doc id="36713956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713956" title="Carole Fréchette">
Carole Fréchette

Carole Fréchette (born 1949, Montreal, Quebec) is an award winning Canadian playwright. She won the Siminovitch Prize in 2002. To date she has written more than a dozen plays including "The Four Lives of Marie", "The Seven Days of Simon Labrosse", "Helen’s Necklace", "John and Beatrice", "The Little Room at the Top of the Stairs", and most recently: "Thinking of You".
Career.
Carole Fréchette studied acting at the National Theatre School of Canada from 1970 to 1973. She became involved in political and feminist theatre as well as collective writing which was flourishing at that time in Quebec. In 1974, she joined the feminist theatre group called the "Theatre des cuisines" (Kitchen Theatre Group) and participated in three productions: "Nous aurons les enfants que nous voulons", "Moman travaille pas, a trop d’ouvrage" and "As-tu vu ? Les maisons s’emportent"! It was in this context that she began writing for the theatre, as part of a group effort by the women involved.
The Kitchen Theatre experiment came to an end in the early 1980s and Carole Fréchette undertook graduate studies in dramatic arts at the Université du Québec à Montréal. It was there that she wrote her first single-authored play:"Baby Blues" which was staged in 1989 at the Theatre d’Aujourd’hui (principal playhouse for contemporary Quebec writers in Montreal). Her second play, "The Four Lives of Marie", translated by John Murrell and published by Playwrights Canada Press, won the Governor-General’s award for dramatic fiction in 1995. This play constituted a turning point in Fréchette’s career as a playwright. It was first produced in English in Toronto, Ontario, in 1997 and then in French in Montreal and Paris in 1998. The same year, her third play, "Elisa’s Skin" was staged in Montreal. This was immediately followed by "The Seven Days of Simon Labrosse" which saw productions in Canada, Belgium and France.
Since then, Carole Fréchette’s work has continued unabated (five more full length plays and numerous short plays). She has been translated into over twenty languages and is presented to audiences the world over. She has also written two novels for young adults "Carmen" and "In the Key of Do", which have also been translated into several languages. Her work has won several prizes, in Canada and abroad. Many of her plays have been broadcast over the radio in France, Belgium, Switzerland and Germany. "The Seven Days of Simon Labross" and "John and Beatrice" were adapted for television. Ms Fréchette has also been active in the theatre world in Quebec. From 1994 to 1999, she was president of the “Centre des auteurs dramatiques”, a professional association of playwrights devoted to promoting French language Quebec theatre.
Translations in other languages.
Theatre.
Les quatre morts de Marie
La peau d’Élisa
Les sept jours de Simon Labrosse
Le collier d’Hélène
Violette sur la Terre
Jean et Béatrice
La Petite pièce en haut de l’escalier
Je pense à Yu
Fiction.
Carmen en do mineur
Do pour Dolorès

</doc>
<doc id="36713978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36713978" title="Zuar Antia">
Zuar Antia

Zuar Antia is a former Georgian light welterweight boxer.
Early life.
Zuar was born in the Georgian town of Poti and first learned to box with his local club.
Boxing career.
Zuar is the holder of three Georgian senior titles at light welterweight division.
Coaching career.
Zuar first started coaching with the Georgian national team. His achievements with the Georgian squad did not go unnoticed and he was appointed coach with the Soviet Union squad. In 2003 he became a coach with the Irish Amateur Boxing Association. In 2007 he became the technical coach for the Irish boxing team and helped the team bring back seven medals in the 2008 and 2012 Olympic games.
Personal life.
Zuar lives in Bray with his wife and two sons, David and George. David boxes out of the Bray club and is studying for his Leaving Certificate this year, while George is a keen soccer player.

</doc>
<doc id="36714011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714011" title="AmFIRST Real Estate Investment Trust">
AmFIRST Real Estate Investment Trust

AmFIRST Real Estate Investment Trust is one of the largest Malaysia-based commercial REIT with exposure to office, retail and hotel sector in the Klang Valley and Cyberjaya. AmFIRST currently manages eight properties, of which three are located within the Kuala Lumpur Golden Triangle area and one each in Petaling Jaya, Kelana Jaya and Subang Jaya
and two in Cyberjaya. AmFIRST currently manages over 2.5 million sq ft of real estate space.

</doc>
<doc id="36714014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714014" title="Al-Yamani">
Al-Yamani

Yamani or Al-Yamani ( may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714018" title="Seattle Sounders FC (beach soccer)">
Seattle Sounders FC (beach soccer)

Seattle Sounders FC has a professional beach soccer team based in USA.
Mundialito de Clubes 2012 squad.
Coach: Marcelo Mendes

</doc>
<doc id="36714030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714030" title="Helen Dragas">
Helen Dragas

Helen E. Dragas is the CEO of the Dragas Companies and the former rector for the University of Virginia Board of Visitors.
Early life and career.
Education.
Dragas attended the University of Virginia and graduated with a B.A. in economics and foreign affairs in 1984. She also graduated from the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration in 1988. By the early 1990s Dragas had become the President of the Tidewater Mortgage Bankers Association.
The Dragas Companies.
The Dragas Companies is a southeastern Virginia real estate development and building company founded by Dragas' father and uncle, George and Mark Dragas, in 1968. Helen Dragas’ first job, as a teenager, was interviewing customers at her family's company about their purchases. Helen Dragas was named president and CEO of the Dragas Companies in 1996 and has remained in that position since. Under her tenure, the company has received numerous local awards, and three national awards: the Lee Evans Award for Building Management Excellence in 1999, and the 2009 Lee Evans Award for Management Excellence in 2009, and the Best Builders Award from "Builder Magazine", also in 2009. It is now the region's largest homebuilder, with a focus of improving upon the quality of low-price homes in the area.
In 2007 the Dragas Companies donated $1.5 million to the cities of Virginia Beach, Norfolk and Chesapeake for their use in developing sustainable solutions to the issue of family homelessness and improving educational outcomes for children in poverty. In 2009 the Dragas Companies spent over $5 million to voluntarily remediate Chinese drywall that was installed by a subcontractor in over 70 homes without Dragas' knowledge. Helen Dragas was named Virginia Beach's 2009 First Citizen. She was also featured by "The Virginian-Pilot" in a 2010 article about successful female homebuilders and their achievements in the workplace.
In 2014, Dragas earned a top-15 spot in the Inside Business–Hampton Roads Business Journal’s Power List of people who shape and influence the region of over 1.6 million people. The editor noted Dragas’ tenacity and called for her to apply her leadership in helping the community combat challenges of economic growth, education, and workforce development.
Other positions.
Dragas has served on the Virginia State Transportation Board, which makes decisions on state spending and transportation strategy. Dragas has also served as a director of the utility corporation Dominion Resources since 2010, and has served on their audit committee. She was appointed to the Virginia State Council of Higher Education and the Commonwealth Transportation board by former governor Mark Warner.
UVA Board of Visitors.
First term.
Dragas was appointed as a member of the University of Virginia Board of Visitors by then Governor Tim Kaine in 2008. She became rector of the board on July 1, 2011, and was the first woman ever to be elected to the post.
It’s been noted that Dragas’ state service was uncontroversial until she made headlines in June 2012 as part of the resignation of UVA President Teresa A. Sullivan. Sullivan announced her resignation as president in early June after only two years in the position, citing "philosophical differences" with the Board of Visitors as her reasoning. Media outlets had reported that the rift between Sullivan and the board may have been, in part, due to Dragas' viewpoint that the university was facing serious financial challenges, and that the administration would need to explore fiscally conservative solutions, something Sullivan was not actively pursuing.
A "Washington Post" story and a UVA student newspaper story had both claimed that Dragas organized the support necessary to oust Sullivan as president. After the resignation, Dragas assured the community that the board was unified in its actions, but some board members later claimed that they had no knowledge of the Sullivan decision until just before her resignation. A former board member, Randal Kirk, publicly stated that he and others believed that Sullivan was the wrong pick from the start. Public records later revealed that a super-majority of the board supported the change in leadership based on personnel reasons. Dragas became the center of attention for those who supported Sullivan in their expression of dismay. According to a public records release, there were over 450 e-mails sent calling for Dragas to resign as rector. Additionally, the faculty senate of UVA passed a resolution supporting Sullivan and expressing a lack of confidence in Dragas. A newspaper report would later reveal that Sullivan’s supporters, mobilized by John O. “Dubby” Wynne, a former UVA rector who had originally hired Sullivan, had established “a ‘war room’ on grounds, where they organized a counterattack, focusing on influential alumni and wavering board members.”
Following the vote, Dragas offered to meet with the faculty senate to discuss the matter, and a meeting took place on June 18, 2012. According to a statement by the faculty senate, the meeting was "cordial," but the faculty senate still demanded both the reinstatement of Sullivan and the resignation of Dragas. As the situation escalated, Governor Bob McDonnell made a statement that if the Board of Visitors did not resolve the issue by their June 26 meeting, he would use his power of appointment to replace all of the board members. At the June 26th meeting, the board unanimously voted to reinstate Sullivan as president. While e-mails show that Dragas had considered resigning from her position as rector during the height of the situation, she was subsequently reappointed to another term on the board by Governor McDonnell, and has released a joint statement with Sullivan to demonstrate a shared commitment to moving on to solving the university's problems.
Reconfirmation.
Dragas was reconfirmed in January 2013. A March 2, 2013 "Washington Post" article reported that days after Virginia lawmakers confirmed Dragas’s reappointment to the board in January, the rector sent the president a lengthy and detailed list of goals to meet this school year. Sullivan claimed that the letter was inappropriate and constituted micromanagement. The American Association of University Professors (AAUP) issued a report on March 14, 2013 criticizing the actions of the Board in general and Dragas in particular. The report stated that Dragas was not prepared for the disruptive influence of online education, that she had previously made uninformed statements, and that she seemed inexperienced in her position. It was noted that the report contained “multiple errors of fact.” The American Council of Trustees and Alumni later praised the work of Dragas and the Board, stating that “If students are to receive a quality and affordable education in Virginia, it is the trustees who are going to have to press for, measure, and demand results." Dragas’ financial support of the university has been documented, noting that she has donated nearly half a million dollars to the university, “but she considers herself a voice for the state's lower- and middle-income families,” added one news report. In April 2013 Dragas was on the losing end of a 14-2 vote to raise tuition, claiming that the rise in tuition was putting the school on an unsustainable track. Dragas argued that tuition was rising faster than the income of Virginia families, so could become a barrier to post-secondary education.
End of tenure.
The "Washington Post" wrote that the ouster of Sullivan served to be beneficial for the university in terms of developing an attitude in favor of long term change. In an exit interview from the position, Dragas stated that, "I believe we did the right thing in that we pushed for needed change ... We did it the wrong way in that we misunderstood that when you're going to try to solve thorne-y problems at a high-profile, public institution, you need to communicate a lot -- a lot more than we did -- and with a lot of people. And that was a lesson that I, in particular, and the board learned the hard way." Her term as Rector ended at the end of June 2013, though she remains a member of the board.
In August 2013, Dragas was one of only two members of the Board of Visitors to vote against scaling back the university’s financial aid program, Access U.Va., which assured low-income students could graduate without debt. The U.Va. Student Council submitted a letter echoing Dragas, requesting the program be maintained as it has operated for nine years. Following the decision, Ms. Dragas maintained her opposition to the measure stating that, “his action raises the cost of a UVa degree substantially for students from low-income families, hurting our diversity and coming at a time when we are already seen as elitist and unwelcoming.” Some alumni and students have begun organizing support and sending emails to administrators in an effort to reverse the decision.
In September 2013, Dragas was noted for further expressing her opposition to tuition increases in the aftermath of a meeting between foundation representatives, administrators, deans and some board members who are advocates for raising in-state student tuition. Later in the Fall at a November meeting, Dragas urged her fellow board members to delay approving elements of a new strategic plan, reiterating a need for more discussion on the plan’s potential impacts to tuition and financial aid. Dragas specifically raised a concern about several years of double-digit tuition increases, following comments for the university’s president that the possibility of tuition increases have not been ruled out to pay for parts of the strategic plan, especially improvements to curriculum and student engagement.
Ms. Dragas was featured in Hampton Road Magazine’s list of “10 Leading Ladies” featuring the advice of powerful and inspiring women. She further mentioned the importance of affordable tuition by attributing her success and inspiration to the fact that she and her family “were able to afford the cost of a life-changing undergraduate and graduate education at the University of Virginia."
Advocacy on Affordability.
Throughout 2014, Dragas was further recognized for her unwavering advocacy on affordable excellence in higher education, arguing that keeping college affordable is one of the toughest issues facing Virginia and the country. UVa’s tuition and fees nearly doubled in the prior 10 years, far outpacing the growth in Virginia family incomes. Dragas has been joined by other members of the Board in raising concerns that the university has relied too much on yearly tuition increases to backfill stagnant state funding, lack of strategic planning, and declining research. 
Dragas and fellow board members have also pointed to the university’s lack of a long-term financial plan as one reason for the continued escalation of tuition. In response, in June of 2014, the UVa Board of Visitors set up a special subcommittee to work on a long-range plan targeting affordability for students. 
During a June meeting of the UVa Board of Visitors, Dragas again raised the issue of the University’s public mission to provide affordable access to Virginians, arguing that board members owe their primary duty of loyalty to the public and then to the University. A newspaper article on the meeting pointed to tuition increases, as an example, which may limit access to Virginians with lower incomes but help the university administration avoid difficult budget decisions. One Virginia newspaper, the Daily Progress, cheered “Hooray for Helen Dragas”, and editorialized that Dragas was “spot-on in saying that the University of Virginia, including its governing board, should put the public interest first.” Calling her “right on the money on these issues”, the Progress also agreed with Dragas that a proposed code of conduct muzzling Board member expression of dissenting views would be an unrighteous decision for a public institution.
Personal life.
Dragas lives in Virginia Beach, Virginia. She is married to Lewis Webb, an attorney; they have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36714033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714033" title="Eugene Bennett (artist)">
Eugene Bennett (artist)

Eugene Peart Bennett (December 20, 1921 - November 2, 2010) was an American artist born in Central Point, Oregon. Although he was known for florals and landscapes in oils and watercolors, Bennett also worked in wood construction, photography and collage.
Biography.
Bennett spent his childhood in Medford, Oregon, the youngest of four children in a musical family. He played the piano and pump organ by ear, and took violin lessons. At the University of Oregon, Bennett studied music, but he also painted in his free time. During Bennett's service in the Navy, from 1943 to 1946, he continued to paint, and he decided to attend the Art Institute of Chicago. By 1954 he had received his bachelors and masters degrees from the Art Institute, and he taught there, and at New Trier High School. In 1954 Bennett moved to Italy and traveled to France. When he returned to Chicago in 1955, his works were shown in various exhibitions, and in 1957 the Art Institute awarded him the Renaissance Prize for Cathedral Forms. Although he was successful in Chicago, Bennett decided to return to Oregon. He was quoted in "Southern Oregon Heritage Today" as saying that he returned not only because the Rogue Valley was home, and beautiful, but also because he knew "there were many enthusiastic and talented artists in the Rogue Valley with so few possibilities to study or show their work. I wanted to help provide that opportunity for them." Bennett taught classes in a home he had designed and built on Grape Street in Medford, and in 1959 he established the Rogue Valley Art Association, which opened the Rogue Gallery.
Bennett's last move was to Jacksonville, Oregon. He purchased the Eagle Brewery Saloon in 1962 and converted it to his home and studio, where he continued to paint, sculpt, build, draw and create collages. He particularly enjoyed working with wood and images of wood. Stacks of lumber and other building materials figure prominently in his work, and he created an installation of intricately carved poles studded with nails for the Oregon Pavilion at the Seattle World’s Fair in 1962.
In the mid-90s Bennett developed benign essential blepharospasm, which hindered his ability to keep his eyelids open and to tolerate light. Nevertheless, he continued to work, but at a somewhat reduced pace, concentrating increasingly on small collages and assemblages of wood, tacks, nails, foil, and found objects.
Bennett employed his multiple talents, music, art and teaching, to benefit his community. He served on the Jacksonville Planning Commission and supported the Britt Festival by hosting rehearsals and providing art work for Britt Festival posters.
Bennett died after struggling with complications from pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="36714037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714037" title="Al-Yamani (Shiism)">
Al-Yamani (Shiism)

The Yamani or al-Yamani () is a pre-messianic figure in Shia Islamic eschatology, who is prophesied to appear to the people to "guide them to the right path" prior to the arrival of the Imam Mahdi.

</doc>
<doc id="36714047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714047" title="James C. Milliman">
James C. Milliman

James Cutler Milliman (January 28, 1847 – January 21, 1933) was an American politician.
Born in Saratoga County, New York, Milliman served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He then moved to Logan, Iowa where he worked in real estate. Milliman served in the Iowa House of Representatives and as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. Later, he served as Mayor of Logan, Iowa. He died in Santa Monica, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36714052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714052" title="Anatolii Platonovich Prudnikov">
Anatolii Platonovich Prudnikov

Anatolii Platonovich Prudnikov (Анатолий Платонович Прудников; 14 January 1927, Ulyanovsk, Russia – 10 January 1999) was a Russian mathematician.
In 1930 the Prudnikov family moved to Samara, where Anatolii passed his Abitur in 1944. He then studied at the Kuibyshev Aviation Institute for three years and at the Kuibyshev Pedagogical Institute for one year before completing his degree qualifying him as a teacher. In 1968 he received his doctorate under the direction of Professor V. A. Ditkin with a thesis entitled "On a class of integral transforms of Volterra type and some generalizations of operational calculus". With V. A. Ditkin, he published several handbooks on integral transforms and operational calculus. Prudnikov's fame derives mainly from the five-volume work "Integrals and Series"(1981–1992), written with Yuri A. Brychkov and Oleg I. Marichev.

</doc>
<doc id="36714067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714067" title="Bathinda Airport">
Bathinda Airport

Bathinda Airport is a civil enclave at the Bhisiana Air Force Station of the Indian Air Force. The domestic air terminal is being built near Virk Kalan village, 20 kilometres northwest of Bhatinda, Punjab, India.
The Airports Authority of India has constructed the Bathinda civil enclave at a cost of Rs 25 crore on 42 acres of land. The apron will accommodate two ATR 42 type of aircraft simultaneously while the glass and steel terminal building will feature a VIP lounge, two check-in counters, a 30-seater security hold and two conveyor belts. A parking lot for 25 cars is also being constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="36714087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714087" title="Johnny Jones Exposition">
Johnny Jones Exposition

The Johnny J. Jones Exposition.
The Johnny J. Jones Exposition was a traveling railroad show of midway entertainment stages, rows of concessions and amusement rides and one of the largest collective amusements in the United States. The Johnny J. Jones Exposition traveled to fairgrounds throughout the continental United States and Canada for over 50 years. The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was the only show in America that was bigger than the Johnny Jones Exposition. The Johnny J. Jones Exposition was founded by Johnny J. Jones, a prominent showman in the America's carnival industry, and headquartered in DeLand, Florida. Jones began his carnival enterprises in 1895 and the Johnny J. Jones Exposition was managed by the Jones family until 1951 when the IRS seized and sold the equipment for taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="36714106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714106" title="Manuela Zürcher">
Manuela Zürcher

Manuela Zürcher is a Swiss football midfielder currently playing in the Nationalliga A for FC Zürich, with which she has also played the Champions League. She was a member of the Swiss national team from 1999 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36714115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714115" title="Non alpha numeric typeface">
Non alpha numeric typeface

Typefaces which contain pictures or symbols rather than letters and numbers are calle Non alpha numeric Typefaces. 
Important Subclasses are Dingbats, Ornamental and Pictorial Typefaces

</doc>
<doc id="36714117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714117" title="Miami Heat accomplishments and records">
Miami Heat accomplishments and records

This page details the all-time statistics, records, and other achievements pertaining to the Miami Heat. The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team currently playing in the National Basketball Association.
Franchise accomplishments and awards.
Franchise leaders.
"All numbers as of June 28, 2012"
Individual awards.
NBA Most Valuable Player
NBA Finals MVP
NBA All-Star Game MVP
NBA Scoring Champion
NBA Defensive Player of the Year
NBA Most Improved Player Award
Best NBA Player ESPY Award
'"NBA Coach of the Year
"'NBA Executive of the Year
J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award
All-NBA First Team
All-NBA Second Team
All-NBA Third Team
NBA All-Defensive First Team
NBA All-Defensive Second Team
NBA All-Rookie First Team
NBA All-Rookie Second Team
NBA All-Star Skills Challenge Champion
NBA All-Star Three-point Shootout Champion
NBA All-Star Slam Dunk Contest Champion
NBA All-Star selections

</doc>
<doc id="36714118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714118" title="Tonya Surman">
Tonya Surman

Tonya Surman is a Toronto-based social entrepreneur, and the founding executive director and current CEO of the Centre for Social Innovation. She studied Environmental Studies & International Development at the University of Toronto.
Tonya has been creating and leading social ventures in Canada since 1987. She has acted as co-chair for the Ontario Nonprofit Network, is a founding trustee in the Awesome Foundation Toronto, and has been active within the Ontario Social Economy Roundtable and the Social Enterprise Council of Canada. 
In 2009 Tonya was named a . She was recognized for building shared spaces and networks for social innovators designed to foster cooperation. The Centre for Social Innovation has three locations in Toronto and one in New York City.CSI is home to over 600 organizations.
In 2012 Tonya Surman co-authored the book "The Community Bond: An Innovation in Social Finance". The book details the process by which the Centre for Social Innovation raised $2 million through community bonds to purchase and renovate its Annex location. She also co-authored three books on creating shared work spaces for social innovation,and has developed an expertise in the creation of shared spaces for social innovation.
Previous to her position at CSI, she was the founding Partnership Director of the Canadian Partnership for Children's Health and Environment, a legislative framework to manage chemicals and the banning of BPA in baby bottles.
Personal life.
Tonya Surman was born in London, Ontario, and currently resides in Toronto with her husband Mark Surman, CEO of the Mozilla Foundation, and their two sons, Ethan and Tristan Surman.

</doc>
<doc id="36714119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714119" title="Baba Aparajith">
Baba Aparajith

Baba Aparajith (born 8 July 1994 in Madras, India) is an Indian cricketer who plays as an allrounder for the India Under-19 cricket team. Aparajith is a right hand batsman and offbreak bowler. He plays first-class cricket for Tamil Nadu. He played a significant role in India U-19 World Cup triumph. He was roped in by the Chennai Super Kings for IPL. On 4 October 2013, he scored his first double century playing for South Zone against West Zone in Duleep Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="36714127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714127" title="Walter Raymond">
Walter Raymond

Walter Raymond (March 13, 1852 – April 2, 1931) was an English novelist. He wrote many novels between 1890 and 1928, primarily based in Somerset, and also wrote under the pseudonym Tom Cobbleigh. Some of his titles include "Gentleman Upcott's Daughter" (1892), "Love and Quiet Life" (1894), "Fortune's Darling" (1901), and "Verity Thurston" (1926). He died in Southampton on April 2, 1931 at the age of 79. Raymond's work is long out of print and currently gets little attention, although some novels are now available for free online.

</doc>
<doc id="36714155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714155" title="Mulago Foundation">
Mulago Foundation

The Mulago Foundation is a private foundation focused on high impact philanthropy: investing in charities and philanthropic opportunities that have the highest impact. The foundation was originally envisioned by Rainer Arnold, a San Francisco pediatrician and philanthropist, who taught at Mulago Hospital, Kenya. The foundation was officially created after Rainer Arnold's death in 1993 by his brother Henry Arnold.
Operations.
Criteria for funding organizations.
The Foundation's stated goal is to identify and invest in the highest impact giving opportunities. On their "How we fund" page, they write that they are looking for three things: a "priority problem", a "scalable solution", and "an organization that can deliver". Once they identify an organization they wish to fund, they provide unrestricted and continued funding. Unlike most foundations, the Mulago Foundation does not accept or solicit proposals, but rather, the foundation itself tries to locate organizations to give to.
Organizations funded by Mulago.
As of August 2012, the Mulago Foundation website lists about 30 organizations funded by the foundation. These include the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab and Innovations for Poverty Action, which are two of the foremost organizations that use randomized controlled trials and other methods to evaluate the effectiveness of poverty alleviation programs and other programs aimed at helping poor people. Also on the list are VillageReach (which charity evaluator GiveWell listed as its top rated charity from 2009 to November 2011), Living Goods (which has been profiled in many media outlets), Bridge International Academies (a for-profit company focused on low-cost private education in the developing world), mothers2mothers, KOMAZA, Samasource, VisionSpring, Root Capital, and The MicroDreams Foundation.
Reception.
Charity evaluator GiveWell described the Mulago Foundation as an "impact-focused" grantmaker (alongside the Gates Foundation, Skoll Foundation, Children's Investment Fund Foundation, Jasmine Social Investments, and Peery Foundation). GiveWell stated in 2011 that it would consider the list of Mulago Foundation grantees (along with those of the other impact-focused grantmakers listed above, as well as the Draper Richards Kaplan Foundation) as part of its list of charities to review to see if they qualified for GiveWell's highest ratings.
The Mulago Foundation was also mentioned on the Tactical Philanthropy blog, and Kevin Starr of Mulago wrote a guest post for the blog.
Kevin Starr of Mulago wrote an article for the Stanford Social Innovation Review describing Mulago's definition of impact and some of the subtleties associated with the concept. His piece was referenced on the Acumen Fund blog.
On March 11, 2014, Kevin Starr and Laura Hattendorf of the Mulago Foundation wrote a lengthy article in the "Stanford Social Innovation Review" skeptical of cash transfer charity GiveDirectly's accomplishment so far, saying that the evidence so far was underwhelming, though there might still be bigger gains a few years down the line. They contrasted GiveDirectly with other charities that they felt delivered more bang for the buck: VisionSpring, KickStart, and Proximity Designs. Holden Karnofsky of GiveWell wrote a lengthy response countering that GiveDirectly's impact had been more rigorously established, and that Starr and Hattendorf were using flawed metrics to judge impact. The GiveDirectly board independently published a response on the GiveDirectly blog.

</doc>
<doc id="36714167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714167" title="Union of Morrisania">
Union of Morrisania

The Union of Morrisania was a baseball team for the National Association of Base Ball Players that was founded on July 17, 1855. 
History.
For their first season, the Union played only one game(this being against Young America), and won the game 25-8. The following season for the Union, they played five games and finished 2nd place with a 3-2 record behind the Brooklyn Atlantics (who had a 4-0). After finishing the 1857 season in 5th place and a record of 3-2, the Unions would go four long seasons (1858–1861) without finishing any higher than 5th place. Then, in the 1862 season, the Union finished 4th place with a 5-5 record. Though it was not the best season to have, this season would spark one of the biggest seasons the Union would ever have. This spark struck fire in the 1865 season when the Union finished 3rd place and setting a franchise record (at that time) with 13 wins (the Union would have a 13-10 record on that season). Following the next season, the Union finished in 1st in the NABBP for the first time (and only time in their franchise) with a 25-3 record in 1866, but won no NABBP title. Finally the Unions' luck had come when the Union finished in third place and a record 21-8. Although not 1st place, the Union would win the NABBP playoffs and beat the Brooklyn Atlantics for their fist NABBP title (and their only one).After the 1867 season, the Union hoped to do as good as last season. Though they finished with a franchise best 37-6 record, they would only finish in third place. The 1869 season marked a change for the Union and the NABBP forever. The new pro team called the Cincinnati Red Stockings were in the NABBP and many other teams followed with them. Though with the new pro teams, Union played only fifteen games and finished in 5th place and a 5-10 record. After the 1870 season, Union finished a 7-18 record against pro teams (20-19 through the rest of the season). After the 1870 season, the Union refused to enter the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players(which was created by the new fifteen pro teams). After this point, the NABBP folded and became the new National Association of Professional Base Ball Players(1871-1875) and so did with the Union. Finally in 1873 (two years after the NABBP had folded), the Union would be disbanded.
1867 Champion Team.
During the Unions' big winning seasons, the Union were looking for a NABBP title. With a record of 21-8, the only obstacle was the Brooklyn Atlantics. The two came face-to-face on October 10, 1867. Though it was one of the toughest games the Unions faced that season, the Union would win by a final of 14-13 against the Brooklyn Atlantics.

</doc>
<doc id="36714171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714171" title="CR Vasco da Gama (beach soccer)">
CR Vasco da Gama (beach soccer)

CR Vasco da Gama has a professional beach soccer team based in Brazil.
Mundialito de Clubes 2012 squad.
Coach: Rodrigo "Chumbinho" Freitas

</doc>
<doc id="36714174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714174" title="Hoseynabad-e Saghar">
Hoseynabad-e Saghar

Hoseynabad-e Saghar (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sāghar; also known as Ḩoseynābād Sāgharī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714178" title="Winnipeg Rangers">
Winnipeg Rangers

Winnipeg Rangers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714184" title="Pilgrims' Trail (Slovenia)">
Pilgrims' Trail (Slovenia)

The Pilgrims' Trail () is a long trail in southeastern Slovenia. It runs from Žalostna Gora ("The Mountain of Sorrows") above Mokronog through Šentrupert, past the Church of St. Francis Xavier in Vesela Gora ("The Mountain of Joy"), and to the Zaplaz Pilgrimage Church in Čatež. The entire walk takes 6 to 7 hours. An organised pilgrimage takes place on the trail every year on the second Sunday of May. The path is maintained by the mountaineering club from Šentrupert, whereas the event is organised by the cultural society of Šentrupert.

</doc>
<doc id="36714189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714189" title="Hoseynabad, Forumad">
Hoseynabad, Forumad

Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714200" title="The Vineyard Life Church, Richmond">
The Vineyard Life Church, Richmond

The Vineyard Life Church, Richmond was formed in 2013 as the result of a merger between Richmond Borough Church and The Vineyard Church, Richmond. It meets in a 19th-century church located at The Vineyard in Richmond in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, next to St Elizabeth of Portugal Church. The building also houses the Vineyard Community Centre which in turn hosts the Richmond Food Bank, The Vineyard Charity Shop and The Basement Door – a music venue for young people. 
History.
The church building, with a gallery, was designed by John Davies (1796-1865), and opened in 1831, to seat a congregation of 500 to 600. It was rebuilt in 1851 after a fire. The church is built in Norman style, in grey brick, with a distinctive porch.
Between 1971 and 1972, future British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his friend Al Collenette held weekly discos at the church.

</doc>
<doc id="36714201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714201" title="Hoseynabad, Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi">
Hoseynabad, Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi

Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 272, in 72 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714203" title="Frank Fucarino">
Frank Fucarino

Frank A. Fucarino (July 24, 1920 – April 3, 2012) was an American professional basketball player for the Toronto Huskies. He played in the first ever NBA game.

</doc>
<doc id="36714214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714214" title="Keith Gehling">
Keith Gehling

Keith Gehling is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and the American Soccer League.
In 1973, Gehling played one season at the University of Washington. In 1976, Gehling returned to college at Rockhurst College. That season Rockhurst finished runner-up in the NAIA national men's soccer championship. In 1977, Gehling was an NAIA All American. In 2005, Rockhurst inducted Gehling into its Hall of Fame. Following his graduation from Rockhurst, Gehling spent two years in sales. In 1979, Gehling attended an open tryout for the expansion Wichita Wings of the Major Indoor Soccer League. He won a contract and went on to spend three seasons with the Wings. In addition to his indoor career with the Wings, Gehling spent four seasons in the American Soccer League with a different team each season (California Sunshine, New York Eagles, Carolina Lightnin’ and Oklahoma City Slickers).

</doc>
<doc id="36714219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714219" title="Hoseynabad Pol-e Abrish">
Hoseynabad Pol-e Abrish

Hoseynabad Pol-e Abrish (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād Pol-e Abrīsh; also known as Ḩoseynābād Pol-e Abrīsham) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714235" title="Hoseynabad-e Kalpu">
Hoseynabad-e Kalpu

Hoseynabad-e Kalpu (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kālpū; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,242, in 734 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714251" title="Kolamu">
Kolamu

Kolamu (, also Romanized as Kolāmū) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 737, in 197 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714254" title="Ali Kahi">
Ali Kahi

Ali Kahi (, also Romanized as ‘Alī Kāhī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714257" title="Winnipeg Rangers (1956–67)">
Winnipeg Rangers (1956–67)

The Winnipeg Rangers were a Canadian junior hockey team in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and the second MJHL team to use this name. This version of the Rangers won two Turnbull Cup Championships as Manitoba Junior Champions (1961–62 and 1965–66).
The team was founded in 1956, but after one season in Winnipeg, the Rangers moved to Brandon due to lack of ice availability. Soon after, the team moved to Transcona (now part of Winnipeg). In 1959, the named changed back to the Winnipeg Rangers.
On March 18, 1966 at the Winnipeg Arena, the Rangers won the Turnbull Memorial Cup as MJHL champs.
Notable Rangers players included Butch Goring, Chuck Lefley, Terry Ball, and Bryan Lefley.
During the summer of 1967, a community-minded sports group purchased the Rangers from Ben Hatskin. The team was relocated to St. Boniface where they became the St. Boniface Saints. The franchise currently exists as the Virden Oil Capitals.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="36714258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714258" title="Ernest Robert Moore">
Ernest Robert Moore

Ernest Robert Moore (November 1, 1869 – March 4, 1957) was an American politician and banker.
Born in Anamosa, Iowa, he moved with his family to Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He served in the Spanish–American War. He was a banker in Cedar Rapids. Moore served in the Iowa House of Representatives and as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. He died in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="36714264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714264" title="Miqan, Semnan">
Miqan, Semnan

Miqan (, also Romanized as Mīqān; also known as Meyghān and Mīghān) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,207, in 587 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714280" title="Miqan">
Miqan

Miqan or Meyqan or Miyqan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714285" title="Sailing at the 2016 Summer Olympics">
Sailing at the 2016 Summer Olympics

Sailing at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro is scheduled to be held from 5–21 August at Marina da Gloria in Guanabara Bay. The sailing classes have two changes from the 2012 Summer Olympics events. There will be 10 events.
Changes.
The removal of the Elliott 6m keelboat and the RS:X sailboard caused parts of the sport to question classes selected for 2016. 
The ISAF Council voted in May 2012 to replace with kitesurfing and reaffirmed that vote on 9 November 2012. The move was controversial as former gold medalist and IOC member Barbara Kendall said she would challenge the decision and that "it’s exciting for kiteboarding but tragic for windsurfing. Kiteboarding really is a sport that should be at the X-Games."
However, on 10 November 2012, the delegates at the International Sailing Federation’s General Assembly voted to keep windsurfing at the 2016 Olympic Games overturning the ISAF Council's earlier votes to replace it with kitesurfing.
The 49er FX, will replace the Elliott 6m as a women's two-person skiff and the Nacra 17 was chosen over the Viper as the mixed-hull event. ISAF President Goran Petersson said that the changes "mark a new era for sailing and we welcome the new classes into the ISAF family. We look forward to seeing the boats not only at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, but the ISAF Sailing World Cup and ISAF Sailing World Championships. 
Qualification.
A total of 380 athletes will compete in the sailing competitions of the Games. The qualification period will begin at the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships in September 2014. As hosts, Brazil is guaranteed one quota place in each of the ten events.
Competition schedule.
The competition will start on 5 August and run uptil the last day of the Games on 21 August. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714293" title="Gallagher Amendment">
Gallagher Amendment

The Gallagher Amendment was an amendment to the Colorado Constitution enacted in 1982 concerning property tax. It set forth the guidelines in the Colorado Constitution for determining the "actual value of property" and the "valuation for assessment" of such property. The Gallagher Amendment was a legislative referendum drafted by Dennis J. Gallagher, then a state legislator.
Summary.
The Gallagher Amendment made many significant changes to property taxes in Colorado: 
The Gallagher Amendment had other effects as well, including mechanisms for enforcing the provisions described above.
Ballot title.
Shall Sections 3 and 15 of Article X of the Colorado Constitution be amended in the following manner: 
Election results.
Passed by 551,334 votes (65.5%) to 290,590 votes (34.5%).

</doc>
<doc id="36714304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714304" title="Mart-e Haq Ali">
Mart-e Haq Ali

Mart-e Haq Ali (, also Romanized as Mart-e Ḩaq ‘Alī; also known as Ḩaq ‘Alī and Ḩaqq ‘Alī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714320" title="Mandy Ingber">
Mandy Ingber

Mandy Ingber (born late-1960s), sometimes credited as Amanda Ingber, is a yoga instructor and a former actress. Before yoga, Ingber became an indoor cycling instructor at the age of 28. In her childhood, she was introduced to yoga by her father before his death. As a yoga instructor, she produced yoga training lessons on DVD, like "Yogalosophy". Also, she has taught yoga to celebrities, like actress Jennifer Aniston. To keep fit, besides yoga and indoor cycling, she eats whatever she deems healthy for her body (like smaller meals, fruits, vegetables, and chocolate), does a 45- to 120-minute daily workout five times per week, and alternatively practices walking and an elliptical trainer.
As an actress, appeared in Silver Spoons season4 episode 22 as Julie Ingber portrayed Annie, wife of Anthony Tortelli and daughter-in-law of his mother Carla, in the television sitcom "Cheers" and its short-lived spin-off "The Tortellis" (1987). She portrayed Robin, Baby's "witless cousin", in the short-lived television series adaptation of the film "Dirty Dancing".
She portrays Enid, Lila Penbrook's (April Lerman) friend, in the first season (1984–85) of "Charles in Charge" and Polly Goldenberg-Cohen in the 1989 film "Teen Witch".

</doc>
<doc id="36714327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714327" title="Abelardo Ávila">
Abelardo Ávila

Abelardo Ávila Villareal was a Mexican engraver noted for his Costumbrista work, mostly with the Sociedad Mexicana de Grabadores; however, he did paint one mural along with Pedro Rendón at the Abelardo L. Rodríguez market in Mexico City.
Ávila was born in 1907 in Jalpan de Serra, Querétaro. From 1921 to 1926 he studied painting at the Academia de Bellas Artes in the city of Querétaro. After receiving a scholarship, he continued studying at the Academia Nacional de Artes Plásticas in Mexico City. In 1929, with an interest in woodcut, he entered a third school called the Taller de Grabado, de Madera y Metal.
In 1934, he joined the fine arts workshop of the Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios. That same year, he painted his only mural, in collaboration with painter Pedro Rendón, at the Abelardo L. Rodríguez market in Mexico City.
In 1947 he was one of the founding members of the Sociedad Mexicana de Grabadores, with which he did most of his artistic work. He also gave classes at the Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda" from this time until his death. He was also a founding member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. The themes of his work were mostly Costumbrista which gave him a reputation as a historian.
He died at age fifty nine of a heart attack on July 24, 1967 in Mexico City, leaving behind his wife, artist Cecilia Bustamante .

</doc>
<doc id="36714333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714333" title="Louisiana Center for Women and Government Hall of Fame">
Louisiana Center for Women and Government Hall of Fame

The Louisiana Center for Women and Government Hall of Fame recognizes women natives or residents of the U.S. state of Louisiana for their significant achievements or statewide contributions. The Center is headquartered at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux and was established in 1991 to promote and encourage government and public service leadership of women. The first Hall of Fame inductions occurred in March 1994 during Women's History Month.

</doc>
<doc id="36714339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714339" title="Mazraeh-ye Farahzad, Semnan">
Mazraeh-ye Farahzad, Semnan

Mazraeh-ye Farahzad (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Faraḩzād; also known as Faraḩzād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714353" title="Yellow shamanism">
Yellow shamanism

Yellow shamanism is the term used to designate a particular version of shamanism practiced in Mongolia and Siberia which incorporates rituals and traditions from Buddhism. "Yellow" indicates Buddhism in Mongolia, since most Buddhists there belong to what is called the "Yellow sect" of Tibetan Buddhism, whose members wear yellow hats during services. The term also serves to distinguish it from a form of shamanism not influenced by Buddhism (according to its adherents), called "black shamanism".
Terminology and background.
While the applicability of the term "yellow" (or any other term) is still somewhat disputed, scholars consider the variety of shamanism practiced by the Khalka Mongols, the largest population group of Mongolia, to be yellow shamanism; others refer to the shamanism practiced by the Buryats of Siberia as yellow shamanism.
Mongolia.
Buddhism first entered Mongolia during the Yuan Dynasty (thirteenth-fourteenth century) and was briefly established as a state religion. The cult of Gengis Khan, who had been accepted into the "tngri", the highest pantheon of spirits in Mongolian shamanism, became annexed into Buddhist practice as well. Mongolia itself was at a political and developmental standstill until the sixteenth century, when after the conversion of Altan Khan Buddhism re-established itself. In 1691, after Outer Mongolia had been annexed by the Qing Dynasty, Buddhism became the dominant religion of the entire area and shamanism began incorporating Buddhist elements. Violent resistance in the eighteenth century by the hunting tribes of Northern Mongolia against the (Buddhist) ruling group, the Khalk Mongols, led to the foundation of black shamanism.
During the Soviet domination of the Mongolian People's Republic, all varieties of shamanism were repressed; after 1991, when the era of Soviet influence was over, religion (including Buddhism and shamanism) made a comeback.
The term "yellow shamanism" was first introduced in 1992 by Sendenjav Dulam and its use then adopted by Otgony Pürev, who considers it to be the Buddhism-influenced successor of an unbroken practice that goes back to Genghis Khan—that earlier practice was "black shamanism" and was practiced by the Darkhad in defiance of the Buddhism introduced to the area by the Khalka. According to Pürev, the center of yellow shamanism was the Dayan Deerh monastery in Khövsgöl Province, where he found evidence of yellow practices in the recitations and prayers of a shaman born in the province in 1926; he argues that yellow shamanism has by now ceased to exist anywhere.
Opponents argue that Pürev's argument relies too much on the evidence of one single monk from one province, and that it is more likely that yellow shamanism developed as a result of the tension between the Buddhism of the Qing Dynasty, for which conversion to Buddhism was in part a colonializing tactic. In agreement with Pürev's argument, though, yellow shamanism is also considered to not have survived Soviet and Communist rule.
Buryatia.
The territory of the Buryats, who live around Lake Baikal, was invaded by the Russian Empire in the seventeenth century, and came to accept Buddhism in the eighteenth century at the same time they were recognizing themselves as Mongol; to which extent Buryat shamanism mixed with Buddhism is a matter of contention among scholars. A nineteenth-century division between black and white shamanism, where black shamanism called on evil deities to bring people misfortune while white shamanism invoked good deities for happiness and prosperity, had completely changed by the twentieth century. Today, black shamanism invokes traditional shamanic deities, whereas white shamanism invokes Buddhist deities and recites Buddhist incantations but wears black shamanist accoutrements. White shamans worship Sagaan Ubgen and Burkhan Garbal (the "Ancestor of Buddhism").
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36714357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714357" title="Marcello Crescenzi">
Marcello Crescenzi

Marcello Crescenzi (1500–1552) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Marcello Crescenzi was born in Rome in 1500, the son of Mario Crescenzi and Pantasilea Capodiferro.
He became a doctor of both laws. He was a canon of Santa Maria Maggiore. In 1525, he was made an Auditor of the Roman Rota.
On January 19, 1534, he was elected Bishop of Marsi. He resigned the government of the diocese sometime before May 17, 1546.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of June 2, 1542. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Marcello al Corso on November 6, 1542.
On November 2, 1544, the pope appointed Cardinal Crescenzi to the Council of Trent. On May 5, 1546, he became administrator of the see of Conza, holding that position until his death.
He was a cardinal elector at the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. The new pope made Crescenzi papal legate in Bologna. He was the Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 19, 1551 to January 8, 1552. The pope named him to a commission on church reform on February 18, 1551, and on March 4, 1551 named him legate "a latere" to the Council of Trent.
He died in Verona as he was returning to Rome from Trent on May 28, 1552. His remains were returned to Rome and he was buried in Santa Maria Maggiore.

</doc>
<doc id="36714373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714373" title="Mazraeh-ye Gorgan-e Bitaraf">
Mazraeh-ye Gorgan-e Bitaraf

Mazraeh-ye Gorgan-e Bitaraf (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gorgān-e Bīţaraf; also known as Gorgān and Gorgān-e Bīţaraf) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714391" title="B. Ed Johnson">
B. Ed Johnson

Benjamin Edward Johnson (October 28, 1914 – June 8, 1983), known as B. Ed Johnson, was a businessman, broadcaster and politician in the U.S state of Georgia. He resided in Columbus in Muscogee County.
Early years and education.
Johnson was born in 1914 to Edward Burton and Pamelia Weldon Johnson. His father was also a prominent citizen of the city, serving as the city's Superintendent of Public Works in the 1930s. B. Ed attended public schools in Columbus and married Martha Louise Noble in 1939. 
Political career.
In 1946, Johnson was elected (as a democrat) to the Georgia State Senate's 24th district. At that time, he was the youngest state senator to ever hold that office from that district. He was named mayor pro tempore of Columbus in 1960, serving for one year. Previously, he had served as secretary and city commissioner of Columbus. He was then returned to the mayor's office in 1965, but this time by registered voters in the city of Columbus, becoming the first elected mayor of the city. At some time during his tenure, the Miss Georgia USA beauty pageant, which he helped lay the foundation for, came to Columbus. He was succeeded as mayor by J. R. Allen in 1968.
Business background and civic involvement.
Johnson worked at the exchange in Fort Benning, Georgia, along with oil and lumber companies, in 1951 as sales manager of the Columbus Broadcasting Company and around 1959 a manager of Westad, a distributor of electronics. He was voted as Columbus' outstanding citizen of the year in 1946.
Johnson was a member of community organizations, participating in the Better Business Bureau, Chamber of Commerce, Lion's Club, Roofers' Manufacturing Association, and Columbus Country Club, among many. A 1951 biography lauded his "ready smile and infectious friendliness" and described him as having "one of the largest contingents of friends ... in the community". He died in 1983 at the age of 68. At the time of his death, he was married to Harriette V. Murray, whom he was interred next to at Riverdale Cemetery in Columbus.

</doc>
<doc id="36714398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714398" title="Live in Finland">
Live in Finland

Live in Finland is a live album and DVD recorded by the Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica. "Live in Finland" was recorded at Club Teatria in Oulu, Finland on April 15, 2011 during the "The Days Of Grays" World Tour, and was released on November 11, 2011. Along with the CD, there is a DVD in stereo and Surround 5.1 sound, which also includes Finnish commentary track by the band, making-of videos, two documentaries, photos, and music videos. The DVD's cover was created by Xabier Loebl.

</doc>
<doc id="36714399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714399" title="Rhys Jones (mountaineer)">
Rhys Jones (mountaineer)

Rhys Jones (born 17 May 1986) is an English mountaineer and was the youngest person to climb the Seven Summits (the highest mountain on each of the World's seven continents), and reached the summit of Mount Everest.
Completing the climb on his 20th birthday in 2006, Rhys beat the previous world record set by Danielle Fisher and previous British record set by Jake Meyer one year earlier. However, this record was later broken on 24 December 2011, by Jordan Romero.
Early life.
Rhys grew up in the New Forest, Hampshire, England and was educated at Romsey School and Barton Peveril Sixth Form College. He started climbing as a result of hearing a talk at a Scout meeting. The talk was by Russell Parke MBE, the then leader of Hampshire Scout Expeditions, the subject was Mount Everest. Parkes talked about recruiting a Scout for an attempt on Mount Everest in 2007, to celebrate the centenary of the Scout movement. Jones went on to join the Hampshire Scout Expeditions team (HSX) and began training. His training with HSX included Scottish winter climbing, rock climbing and hillwalking. He also climbed with HSX on Mount McKinley, Alaska. The team successfully reached the summit and Jones claimed a record as the youngest British summiteer of North America's highest peak.
Expeditions.
Mount McKinley was his first of the seven continental summits, and Jones then climbed the other six over a 3-year period.
Mount McKinley, Alaska. N. America. June Summit 2003
Aconcagua, Argentina. S. America. Attempt Dec 2003
Kilimanjaro, Tanzania. Africa. Summit Jan 2004
Aconcagua, Argentina. S. America. Summit Jan 2005
Mount Elbrus, Russia. Europe. Summit July 2005
Kosciusko, Australia. Australasia. Summit Nov 2005
Mount Vinson, Antarctica. Summit Dec 2005
Mount Everest, Nepal. Asia. Summit May 2006
The Everest climb was in aid of the Wessex Heartbeat charity, and Jones pledged to raise £1 for every vertical foot of Everest, £29,035 in total.
After Everest.
In August 2006, Jones raced in the Round Britain and Ireland non-stop yacht race, covering 2000 nm and completing a race in which one third of the fleet were forced to retire due to bad weather. After the race he was appointed as a Patron of the Sail 4 Cancer Charity.
In 2007, Jones undertook a pioneering expedition to a remote part of South East Greenland. Sailing to Greenland from Iceland, the 3 man team then trekked inland across a glacier, where Jones fell into a crevasse fracturing his arm. During the 3 weeks waiting for the yacht to return, the team successfully made first ascents of four previously unclimbed peaks.
In 2010 Jones set up a specialist trekking and expedition company RJ7 Expeditions. In 2011, RJ7 facilitated a filmed climb of Kilimanjaro for BBC documentary "Albino Witchcraft Murders", charting the plight of Tanzanians living with albinism. The lead character from the film, 34-year-old Tanzanian albino Josephat Torner reached the summit after 7 days of trekking. 
In 2012 RJ7 was responsible for leading Duncan Bannatyne (star of BBC Dragon's Den) on Kilimanjaro. RJ7 organised a successful climb for 4 amputee servicemen in February 2012, and two members of the team (both single amputees) set a new Guinness World Record for the Fastest Ascent of Kilimanjaro using crutches.
An avid skier as well as a mountaineer, Rhys became a Patron of Sail 4 Cancer's sister charity Ski 4 Cancer in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36714406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714406" title="Gorgan (disambiguation)">
Gorgan (disambiguation)

Gorgan is a city in Golestan Province, Iran.
Gorgan () may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714417" title="Mazraeh-ye Mishi">
Mazraeh-ye Mishi

Mazraeh-ye Mishi (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mīshī; also known as Mīshī and Pīr Mīshī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714422" title="Negarman">
Negarman

Negarman (, also Romanized as Negārman, Nekārman, Nigārman, Nogārīmān, Nogārman, and Nokārman) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714435" title="Too Much Fun!">
Too Much Fun!

Too Much Fun! is the ninth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released on July 13, 1999 through Rounder Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36714436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714436" title="Namadmal">
Namadmal

Namadmal (, also Romanized as Namadmāl) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 68 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36714438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714438" title="Rick Fletcher">
Rick Fletcher

Richard E. Fletcher (June 1, 1916 – March 16, 1983) was an American Artist, best known for his illustration of the "Dick Tracy" comic strip. Fletcher produced the strip with Chester Gould for 16 years, then after Chester Gould's retirement in 1977 Fletcher produced the "Dick Tracy" comic strip an additional 6 years until his death on March 16, 1983.
Early life.
Fletcher was born and raised in Burlington, Iowa, the son of Maude and William Fletcher. In 1934, his family moved to Galesburg, Illinois, and the following year he became art director for the Rudy A. Moritz Advertising Agency in Davenport, Iowa.
World War II.
In 1942, Fletcher's career was interrupted by World War II. He enlisted at Camp Dodge, Iowa and attended Officer Candidate School in Fort Belvoir, Virginia. A year later, he was commissioned in the Corp of Engineers and assigned as a 1st Lieutenant S-1 Adjutant to the 308th Engineer Combat Battalion Headquarters with the 83rd Infantry Division. Fletcher went through five European military campaigns from D-Day +10 at Omaha Beach, France, the hedgerows of Normandy, through France to Belgium, Holland, Germany and fought in the Battle of the Bulge. When General Dwight D. Eisenhower ordered all Armies to halt, Fletcher and the 83rd Infantry Division were less than two hours away from Hitler hiding in his bunker. The Russian Army eventually raided the bunker two weeks later. At the end of the war, Fletcher served as Commanding Officer of the Sonndorf Prisoner of War Camp in Germany, and Contracting Officer to build camps for displaced persons and prisoners of war. During the war, Fletcher received the Bronze Star Medal for distinguishing himself by meritorious service in connection with military operations against the enemy of the United States. Fletcher also spent time during the war taking photographs with his 35mm Leica camera to document his journey through Europe. He was separated from the service as a Captain on February 27, 1946. His name is inscribed in the Book of Honor at the Court of Patriots in Rock Island, Illinois where he is buried with his wife Beverly in the National Cemetery.
Post-war activities.
After the war, Fletcher decided to start his life and career in Chicago, Illinois where he met his sister's roommate and future wife, Beverly Crosbie. After dating for 3 months, the two were married on January 4, 1946. Soon after, he was offered a job at the Chicago Tribune in the advertising art department. He studied illustration under the wing of Walt Disney's teacher and role model, Carey Orr for several years. In 1953 Fletcher and his colleague, Athena Robbins began producing their own weekly syndicated strip titled, "The Old Glory Story" which ran in the Chicago Tribune and syndicated to hundreds of newspapers around the world until 1966. "The Old Glory Story" was based on the history of the American Flag and won several Freedom Foundation awards for both the Chicago Tribune and Fletcher/Robbins.
"Dick Tracy".
In 1961 an opportunity arose from Chester Gould, creator of "Dick Tracy". Gould offered Fletcher a position as assistant artist, which was previously held by Dick Locher. When Gould retired in 1977, Fletcher took over full art production of the strip. He worked with writer, Max Collins. Fletcher continued to draw "Dick Tracy" until his death on March 16, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36714440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714440" title="Nasirabad, Semnan">
Nasirabad, Semnan

Nasirabad (, also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.

</doc>
<doc id="36714469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714469" title="Peru, Iran">
Peru, Iran

Peru (, also Romanized as Perū, Paru, and Poroo) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,171, in 606 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714481" title="Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate">
Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate

The position of Martha’s Vineyard Poet Laureate (MV Poet Laureate) was created in April 2012 by the Martha’s Vineyard Poetry Society. This was the first time in Martha’s Vineyard history that a position was created designating an island-wide poet laureate. On similar note, the Martha’s Vineyard Poetry Society (MVPS) is the first island-wide poetry organization in the history of Martha’s Vineyard. MVPS was founded in 2009 by island poet/author/musician, William Waterway. 
The Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society is composed of a group of approximately 250 island poets and supporters who seek to enhance the presence of poetry on the Vineyard and throughout the world. The Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society’s local purpose is to promote poetry on our island through education and through the support of existing and new poetry groups. It is the organization’s hope that through elevation of poetry in people's lives and consciousness – it will facilitate a positive contribution to Martha’s Vineyard culture and life styles. 
MVPS hosts and sponsors free public poetry events such as: “Summer Solstice In Poetry and Song” held at Featherstone Center for the Arts; "Winter Solstice in Poetry and Song" held at the Vineyard Haven Public Library; “A Gathering of Island Poets and Musicians” – a four-hour MVTV television production broadcast “live” via Comcast to the island community; “Martha’s Vineyard Poem in Your Pocket Day (MVPIYPD)” held in conjunction with National Poem in Your Pocket (PIYP) day; “Civil War Poetry” at the Vineyard Haven Public Library with support from the National Library Association (NLA), and the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA), and, many other poetry programs on the island of Martha's Vineyard. 
Designation of first Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate (MVPoetLaureate) in the island's history.
Martha's Vineyard plays host to a strong and vibrant community of poets and clusters of poetry groups. Besides the resident year-round poets, the island enjoys seasonal presentations by many renowned poets, including 
United States Poets Laureate. 
The position of Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate (MV Poet Laureate) was created by the 250-member MV Poetry Society in July, 2012. Prior to this, there never was a designated Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate throughout the island's history. To accomplish the task of designating the island's first MV Poet Laureate, the island-wide Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society created a double-blind election process that precluded politicking, lobbying, or collusion.
Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate election process.
Following a year-long judging process - Lee H. McCormack was selected as the island's first Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate in July, 2012.
A jury of ten qualified literary judges from representatives of the Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society, island libraries, writers, and poetry groups made the selection. Mr. McCormack was one out of a field of twenty-six participating poets. Each poet submitted five of their finest poems to the Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society. The poems were then copied and distributed to the judges without identifying marks except for a number assigned to each poet. All judging was based solely on the merits of submitted poems. Each of the ten judges did not know the names of the poets they were judging. As well, participating poets did not know the names of the judges.
The names of the winning poet was revealed to the judges after the numerical judging results were submitted and calculated. Shortly after the judging process, a public announcement and media release shared the name of the winning poet. The Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society, in conjunction with the Vineyard Haven Public Library, held a festive evening to inaugurate and celebrate the island's first Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate. 
Since his election, MV Poet Laureate, Lee, H. McCormack has undertaken several public library poetry gatherings - as well as participating in the Featherstone Center for the Arts evening of "Fall Poetry and Music." Mr. McCormack is also organizing a series of workshops with island poetry groups; libraries; schools; cultural institutions, and council on aging organizations. MV Poet Laureate, Lee McCormack(aka: MVPoetLaureate McCormack), read his shark conservation and education poem, entitield, "The Apex", before an audience exceeding 2,000 people at the "Jaws Fest The Tribute", festival in 2012.
Community responsibilities of Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate.
The Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate is a two-year term. The MV Poet Laureate is responsible for promoting poetry and educating the public about the merits of the high-art form of poetry. This effort includes outreach poetry programs through schools; senior centers; social institutions; churches; media; writers groups; memorials, and appropriate political gatherings on and off the island of Martha's Vineyard. 
Experience and qualifications of Martha's Vineyard's first Poet Laureate.
Lee H. McCormack is a year-round Martha's Vineyard resident who has lived on the island of Martha's Vineyard for over 40-years. He is a member of the Cleaveland House Poets of West Tisbury on Martha's Vineyard. Cleaveland House Poets, is a poetry group that has grown out of a poetry group founded in the house of same name by Dionis Coffin Riggs. The group has met every two weeks since c1963. MV Poet Laureate Lee McCormack has composed poetry since age twelve, and has undertaken intensive poetry studies with: Galway Kinnell; Sharon Olds; Charles Simic; Robert Pinsky; Thomas Lux; Peter Klappert; Steve Orlen; George Mills (writer); Short-term critical studies with: Michael Ryan; AI; Single Summer Resident at Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers.
Brief history of Martha's Vineyard poetry.
Martha's Vineyard has a history of attracting people of note as well as those involved with the arts - including: dancers; actors; singer/songwriters; authors; playwrights; artists; sitting United States presidents; and poets. The island's storied history with poetry begins with the writings of the first colonialists, who wrote poetic prose that is recognized today as a form called poesy. Another historic island connection to poetry is that with novelist and civil war poet, Herman Melville. As Martha's Vineyard entered the whaling era - many whaling ship crew members, including the occasional woman, also put poetic pen to paper. 
During the early-1900s, the up-island home of Dionis Coffin Riggs (1898-1997) - situated in the town of West Tisbury, became the island's de facto center of poetry. Ms. Riggs' home was the historic "Cleaveland House." The Cleaveland House has been in the same family for over 250 years, and has always served as a meeting place of island intellectuals, politicians, and writers. Circa 1963, Ms. Riggs began hosting poetry gatherings at her home. Since its inception, this group of poets met every two weeks to share, discuss, and criticize the original poems of attending members. On similar note, Ms. Riggs initiated her social "black bean dinners" that took place every Saturday evening as a vehicle for poets and writers to share discourse. Since 1963, the Poets have met every two weeks at Cleaveland House on a continuous basis with little interruption, and continue to do so at the present. The continuity and longevity of this poetry group at Cleaveland House makes it the most successful writers' group in the history of Martha's Vineyard. In 2009, William Waterway became the group's Chair. Soon after, the group published their first book of poetry, "Wednesday's Poets," published by Summerset Press. The title reflects the day of week the Cleaveland House Poets have historically gathered. Contributing poets to this anthology were: Jane Brown; Ruth Cochrane; Janet Holladay; Russ Hoxsie; Bob Kaplan; Francesca Kelly; Judith Neeld; Katrina Nevin; Brooks Robards; Valerie Sonnenthal; Holly Wayman, and Sally Williams. Today, the Cleaveland House poets members include: Andrea B. Quigley; Ellie Bates; Bob Kaplan; Brooks Robards; Sally Williams; Chris Legge; Cynthia Riggs; Lee H. McCormack; Don McLagan; Fanny Staunton Ogilvie; Jo Rice; Judith Neeld; Kara Taylor; Peter Ledermann; Susan Pucuil; Valerie Sonnenthal, and William Waterway Marks. In 2010, the group's Chair began promoting the group at public readings as "Cleaveland House Poets". This group recently published an anthology entitled: "Cleaveland House Poets," which was edited by William Waterway. 
Over the decades, various island organizations have sponsored educational poetry programs, including the Martha's Vineyard Regional High School. Two noteworthy organizations are the Nathan Mayhew Seminars and the Feathestone Center for the Arts.
The Martha's Vineayard Poetry Society (MVPS), which is the sanctioning organization for the Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate - was founded in 2010 by William Waterway. As of March 2014, MVPS has over 250 members, and hosts various poetry events that are offered to the public for free. 
The position of West Tisbury Poet Laureate had its genesis with Dionis Coffin Riggs. During her active life as a poet and writer, Dionis Coffin Riggs was sometimes referred to the island's poet laureate. Dionis would flinch at this, stating that Poet Laureate is not a lighthearted sobriquet. In honor of her mother's memory, Cynthia Riggs undertook the task of creating the position of West Tisbury Poet Laureate. About ten years after Dionis' death, in spring of 2006, Cynthia Riggs petitioned the town of West Tisbury to put an article on the Annual Town Meeting warrant establishing the position of West Tisbury Poet Laureate. The position of West Tisbury Poet Laureate officially came into existence on April 11, 2006 by a voice vote at the West Tisbury Annual Town Meeting. Soon afterwards, at the recommendation of an advisory committee formed by the West Tisbury Library, the Selectmen appointed Daniel Waters as the town's first Poet Laureate. Technically, the town Poet Laureate is a municipal appointment with a term of one year (renewable up to three). Officially, there is no budget, no salary, no benefits, no power - except prestige and public acceptance. Beyond that, the job of town poet laureate is left to the poet's imagination. Since Daniel Waters selection, there have been two other poets selected to fill the position of West Tisbury Town Poet Laureate - Fan Ogilvie, and Justen Ahren. On similar note, in December, 2011, the selectmen of the Martha's Vineyard town of Edgartown appointed Steve Ewing as their first town poet laureate, .
As expressed above - in July, 2012 - the first Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate (MV Poet Laureate) in the island's history was selected by a panel of ten literary judges working under the auspices of the Martha's Vineyard Poetry Society. The Martha's Vineyard Poet Laureate (MVPL) is encouraged to make an effort to work with island poetry organizations and towns to help further public participation in, and appreciation of poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="36714485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714485" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Kanchipuram district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Kanchipuram district

Due to the high amount of ASI-recognized monuments in the Chennai circle, the monuments in the districts Kanchipuram and Pudukkottai are put in a separate list from the rest of the circle. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714489" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Pudukkottai district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Pudukkottai district

Due to the high amount of ASI-recognized monuments in the Chennai circle, the monuments in the districts Kanchipuram and Pudukkottai are put in a separate list from the rest of the circle. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714498" title="Kaynarca, Bor">
Kaynarca, Bor

Kaynarca is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is at at to the east of Turkish state highway which connects Niğde to Mediterranean coast. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Kaynarca was 717 as of 2011. The village is framous for white cabbage production.

</doc>
<doc id="36714500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714500" title="Qasemabad-e Mirhash">
Qasemabad-e Mirhash

Qasemabad-e Mirhash (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Mīrhāsh; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714514" title="Mishi">
Mishi

Mishi (, also Romanized as Mīshī; also known as Mishni) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,467, in 238 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714518" title="April 1920 tornado outbreak">
April 1920 tornado outbreak

The April 1920 tornado outbreak was a major severe weather event that affected the Southeastern United States on April 20, 1920. At least seven tornadoes affected the American U.S. states of Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee, six of them rated violent F4 on the Fujita scale. At least one of them likely attained F5 intensity, though this is uncertain. The tornado outbreak killed at least 224 people, 97 of them in Alabama and 126 in Mississippi; of these deaths, 223 were related to the six F4 tornadoes. Each of these F4s caused more than 20 deaths. This distribution of tornadoes causing at least 20 deaths is the largest in a single outbreak, tied with that of the April 11, 1965, Palm Sunday outbreak. The 1920 outbreak is also the third-deadliest outbreak in Alabama, April 27, 2011 (238 deaths in-state), and March 21, 1932 (268 deaths in-state), outbreaks. The Super Outbreak of April 3, 1974, was the fourth deadliest with 86 deaths across the state.
Five of the tornadoes were long tracked, each traveling more than across Mississippi and into Alabama. A tornado that began in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, crossed into Alabama and lifted over Limestone County, having covered a distance of more than . Along its path, the tornado destroyed entire communities and killed at least 49 people in Alabama, a total that would be matched by a tornado on March 21, 1932. This tied for the deadliest Alabama tornado until an EF5 tornado which killed 72 people in 2011. Additionally, the 1920 outbreak set a single-day record with four violent tornadoes in Mississippi, the highest such total in the state. With three F4s in Alabama, it is the fourth-most intense Alabama outbreak, following the April 3, 1974, Super Outbreak, with four F4–F5, the March 21, 1932, outbreak, with eight F4–F5, and the April 27, 2011, tornado outbreak, with nine EF4–EF5 tornadoes.
In addition to the tornadoes on April 20, other tornadoes associated with the same weather system occurred on April 19 and April 21.
Notable tornadoes.
Aberdeen, Mississippi/Waco, Alabama.
A devastating and long-lived tornado developed near Bradley, northeast of Sturgis in Oktibbeha County. The funnel quickly intensified and began producing "devastating" damage as it passed northwest of Starkville, killing seven people. Moving northeast, the tornado killed 10 more people near Cedar Bluff (Cedarbluff) in Clay County, leveling numerous homes. Its path was then wide. Thereafter, the tornado continued intensifying as it entered Monroe County and then proceeded to devastate the western side of Aberdeen. 22 people died there, though this was the only substantial town in the path. Widening to at least wide, the tornado killed five more people in the county before crossing Itawamba County and then moving into Marion County, Alabama. In all, the tornado caused F4 or greater damage and completely leveled more than 200 homes, mostly small, in Mississippi.
Upon entering Alabama, it leveled entire farms south of Bexar, causing nine deaths. One farm alone reported 500 hogs killed. In Marion County alone, the tornado killed 20 people and injured about 200, leveling 87 homes and damaging 100, especially in the Hackleburg area. In one area, a Ford automobile was hurled , and a swath up to wide was reportedly "swept clean", with many homes completely swept away. In Franklin County, the tornado continued to sweep away many homes near Phil Campbell and Spruce Pine, but most of the deaths were near the "Waco" quarry, east of Russellville, where small homes were said to have been "wiped out" and swept away. 19 people died in and near the "Waco" settlement, nine of them in a single family. Nearby, large oak trees were torn up from the soil, huge stones thrown "like a feather," and half of a large boulder carried to Littleville, about miles away.
Continuing into southeast Colbert County, the tornado devastated the "Mehama" community south of Leighton. There, four people died, many homes were destroyed, and numerous cattle were killed; among the "freak" phenomena was the destruction of a Ford vehicle that was thrown and lost all its wheel casings. One other home was destroyed nearby at Wolf Springs. Afterward, the tornado finally weakened to less-than-violent intensity, after having maintained its strength for more than . Southeast of Town Creek, the tornado killed one more person before lifting near the Tennessee River, though the exact end of its path is unknown and may have been in Limestone County. Very intense darkness was reported from various points in the path of the parent supercell; one observer near "Waco" noted that there was no daylight and conditions were "dark as midnight."
Arley/Helicon, Alabama.
This intense tornado may have developed from the supercell that produced the F4 tornado near New Deemer in Neshoba County, Mississippi. Very rainy and dark conditions attended the thunderstorm at Tuscaloosa and Greensboro, with each place, respectively, registering and of rain. Residents reported that noontime conditions were so dark as to prevent people from reading outside. Starting southwest of Carbon Hill, the tornado widened to and downed trees as it moved northeast through eight communities, leveling numerous homes. It first passed near Pocahontas, near Saragossa, and then north of Manchester. North of Manchester, the tornado destroyed homes and barns in the Bennett and Lamon Chapel communities. Farther northeast, the tornado intensified before hitting the town of Arley, located in Winston County, killing one person and sweeping away many homes and farms. Next, the tornado devastated the community of Helicon; reports from the area reported that only one home remained standing and that entire swaths had been "swept clean" in Helicon and in nearby Nesmith. In the Arley–Helicon area, at least 19 people died. The tornado continued northeast to the Vinemont area, northwest of Cullman, destroying two homes and killing a woman near Lacon. Other homes and barns were unroofed or leveled, at least some of them swept completely away, before the tornado lifted northeast of Wilhite. One other tornado later touched down to the northeast of the endpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="36714522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714522" title="Qasemabad-e Khanlar Khan">
Qasemabad-e Khanlar Khan

Qasemabad-e Khanlar Khan (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Khānlar Khān) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 398, in 118 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714544" title="List of public art in Dorset">
List of public art in Dorset

This is a list of public art in Dorset, in England. This list applies only to works of public art accessible in an outdoor public space. For example, this does not include artwork visible inside a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36714548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714548" title="Qahej-e Bala">
Qahej-e Bala

Qahej-e Bala (, also Romanized as Qahej-e Bālā) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 57 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714549" title="Nicholson House and Inn">
Nicholson House and Inn

Nicholson House and Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Millcreek Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1825 and 1827, and is a brick "four over four" building on a stone foundation in the Federal style. It measures 52 feet wide and has a gable roof. The roof overhang is supported by decorative brackets. It served as a stagecoach stop, inn along the Erie Extension Canal, post office from 1842 to 1857, farm supply and general store, and stop on the Buffalo and Conneaut trolley line.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36714552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714552" title="Qahej-e Pain">
Qahej-e Pain

Qahej-e Pain (, also Romanized as Qahej-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 488, in 123 families. 
References.
www.ovaltineusa.com

</doc>
<doc id="36714560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714560" title="Chris Wilson (golfer)">
Chris Wilson (golfer)

Chris Wilson (born October 16, 1984) is an American professional golfer.
Wilson was born in Columbus, Ohio. He played college golf at Northwestern University and won the Big Ten Championship in 2006. He graduated in 2007 and turned professional.
Wilson played on the PGA Tour in 2010 after earning his card at Qualifying school. His best finish was T-51 at the Valero Texas Open; he only made seven cuts in 26 events and lost his PGA Tour privileges. He played on the Web.com Tour in 2012 and won his first tour event in August at the Price Cutter Charity Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36714561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714561" title="Qahej">
Qahej

Qahej () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714566" title="Qaleh-ye Aqa">
Qaleh-ye Aqa

Qaleh-ye Aqa (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Āqā; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Āqā ‘Abdollāh) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,045, in 285 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714579" title="Qaleh Abdollah, Semnan">
Qaleh Abdollah, Semnan

Qaleh Abdollah (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh ‘Abdollāh) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714585" title="Kılavuz, Bor">
Kılavuz, Bor

Kılavuz is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is at in the northern slopes of the Toros Mountains. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Kılavuz was 615 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36714591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714591" title="Qaleh Abdollah">
Qaleh Abdollah

Qaleh Abdollah or Qaleh-ye Abdollah (), also rendered as Qaleh Abdullah, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714597" title="Qaleh-ye Kamali">
Qaleh-ye Kamali

Qaleh-ye Kamali (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Kamālī) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714605" title="Alpine LDS Church Meetinghouse">
Alpine LDS Church Meetinghouse

The Alpine LDS Church Meetinghouse at 50 N. Main in Alpine, Utah was constructed during the period from 1857 to 1863. It includes Greek Revival architecture and was built by Thomas J. McCullough and others. It has also been known as Alpine Pioneer Relic Hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It was finished during 1863 and was dedicated later in 1863 by Brigham Young.

</doc>
<doc id="36714606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714606" title="Short's Hotel">
Short's Hotel

Short's Hotel, also known as the Palace Hotel, is a historic hotel located at North East, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1877, and is a three-story, five bay by nine bay, brick building in the Italianate style. It features double-hung windows with semi-circular or segmental arch heads and a three-part entabulature at the top of the building.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36714609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714609" title="Qaleh-ye Mohammad Aqa">
Qaleh-ye Mohammad Aqa

Qaleh-ye Mohammad Aqa (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad Āqā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Āqā) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 51 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714622" title="Richmond &amp; Putney Unitarian Church">
Richmond &amp; Putney Unitarian Church

Richmond & Putney Unitarian Church is a Unitarian church in Ormond Road, Richmond, London. 
The church building, dating from 1896, includes an apse with five stained glass lancers, dating from 1912, by Morris & Co. The church, built for the Richmond Unitarian congregation, was joined by the Putney congregation in 1985. A rear extension designed by Kenneth Tayler was opened in 1966, using some funds from the Bell Street Mission in Marylebone which had closed in 1963.
The Putney Unitarian Church congregation previously met at the Wandsworth Unitarian Church on East Hill, which was compulsorily purchased in 1967 for the widening of the Wandsworth Bridge approach road. A new building, also designed by Kenneth Tayler, opened on the Upper Richmond Road in 1968. After the Putney congregation combined with Richmond, the building was sold and it is now used by the All Saints Liberal Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36714627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714627" title="Thomas Saunders (died 1565)">
Thomas Saunders (died 1565)

Thomas Saunders (by 1513 – 18 August 1565) was an English politician.
Family.
Thomas Saunders was the third but eldest surviving son of Nicholas Saunders of Charlwood, Surrey, by Alice Hungate, the daughter of John Hungate.
Career.
Saunders entered the Inner Temple in 1527. He was solicitor for the households of Queens Anne of Cleves and Catherine Howard in 1540. He sat on the bench as a Justice of the Peace for Surrey from 1541 until his death, and was appointed High Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex for 1553–54.
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Gatton in 1542, Surrey in March 1553 and 1558, and Reigate in October 1553.
Saunders died 18 August 1565. His will, dated 7 March 1563, was proved 7 July 1566.
Marriage and issue.
Saunders married Alice Walsingham (d. 21 May 1558), the daughter of Sir Edmund Walsingham of Scadbury, Chislehurst, Kent, by his first wife, Katherine Gounter or Gunter; they had 3 sons and 2 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36714628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714628" title="Amistad Dam Port of Entry">
Amistad Dam Port of Entry

The Amistad Dam Port of Entry is a port of entry into the United States from Mexico. It was built when Amistad Dam was completed in 1969. The Dam was a bi-national effort to establish flood control on the Rio Grande and provide sources of water. Although US Department of Transportation statistics combine traffic counts with Del Rio Texas Port of Entry, approximately 65,000 vehicles crossed the dam into the US in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714637" title="Institute of Energy Conversion">
Institute of Energy Conversion

The Institute of Energy Conversion (IEC), located at the University of Delaware is the oldest solar energy research institute in the world. It was established by Karl Boer in 1972 to pioneer research on thin film solar cells. The IEC performs independent research and collaborates with businesses alongside training undergraduate and graduate students in solar cell engineering. In 2011, the organization was the highest recipient of the United States Department of Energy's (DOE) SunShot Initiative and was awarded five grants totaling $9.1 million to research next generation solar cells to reduce the cost of solar cells by 75 percent by the end of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="36714673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714673" title="Henry White (died 1570)">
Henry White (died 1570)

Henry White (1531/1532-1570) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Reigate in April 1554 and Downton in 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36714696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714696" title="Park Dinor">
Park Dinor

Park Dinor is a historic diner located at Lawrence Park Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1948 by the Paterson Vehicle Co. of Paterson, New Jersey. It is a one-story, pre-fabricated stainless steel and porcelain building. The diner measures 40 feet long by 14 feet wide and has an attached concrete block kitchen measuring 13 feet by 11 feet, six inches. Also on the property is a contributing pre-fabricated, 384 square foot, cottage also erected in 1948. It is sited about 1/2-mile from the General Electric plant. The spelling "dinor" is unique to Western Pennsylvania.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36714699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714699" title="John Agmondesham">
John Agmondesham

John Agmondesham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714700" title="2012 Kermadec Islands eruption">
2012 Kermadec Islands eruption

The 2012 Kermadec Islands eruption was a major undersea volcanic eruption that was produced by the previously little-known Havre Seamount near the L'Esperance and L'Havre Rocks in the Kermadec Islands of New Zealand. The large volume of low density pumice produced by the eruption accumulated as a large area of floating pumice, a "pumice raft," that was variously estimated to be between .
Eruption.
The eruption of the Havre Seamount was not initially noticed by scientists, and volcanologists were not even aware that the Havre Seamount was an active submarine volcano. After the pumice raft was detected, researchers retrospectively examined satellite imagery and past seismic activity in an attempt to pinpoint the time and location of the eruption that produced the pumice raft. Seismologists discovered a cluster of earthquakes (ranging in magnitude between 3.0 and 4.8) that occurred 18–19 July 2012. These earthquakes were consistent with magma rising into a magma chamber prior to eruption. Analysis of satellite imagery showed an ash plume appear on 18 July 2012 and conclude several days later. Although some volcanologists initially believed that the eruption might have occurred at the Monowai Seamount, this possibility was later ruled out. It is also believed that the eruption was unrelated to the 2012 Te Māri eruption at New Zealand's Mount Tongariro.
Pumice raft.
Scientists were not aware that any eruption had occurred until a huge pumice raft was sighted and photographed at 14:40 NZST 0n 31 July 2012 by Maggie de Grauw while on a commercial flight from Faleolo, Samoa to Auckland, New Zealand. She emailed her pictures to Dr Scott Bryan, Senior Research Fellow at Queensland University of Technology. After discussion it was ascertained that the raft was around 1,000km north of Auckland. Dr Bryan then contacted Olivier Hyvernaud from the Laboratoire de Géophysique, Tahiti, who confirmed the location from Terra/MODIS imagery from NASA. The raft was subsequently sighted by members of the New Zealand Defence Force on 9 August 2012—several weeks after the eruption had occurred. It was spotted by an Orion aircraft and then approached and sampled by the strategic sealift ship HMNZS "Canterbury". The pumice raft measured approximately in length and more than in width, making the floating island larger in surface area than Israel. An officer in the Royal Australian Navy was quoted as saying that it was "the weirdest thing had seen in 18 years at sea".

</doc>
<doc id="36714705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714705" title="Peace Island (disambiguation)">
Peace Island (disambiguation)

Peace Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36714713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714713" title="DTest">
DTest

dTest is a Czech monthly magazine established in 1992, which focuses on testing products and services and also provides help with consumer and seller rights, informs about new laws, warns against sharp practices of sellers and against suspicious commercials, advertisements, etc. There are also clues and tips for making complains. The products are bought directly in retail shops to make sure it is disinterested. The tests are then performed in independent laboratories in the Czech Republic as well as abroad.
The magazine does not contain any advertisements and is fully financed by the income from sales and public sources. The selection of the tested products is not based on their manufacturers and is made on the basis of market analyses and consumer wishes.
"dTest" is a member of the BEUC since 2010. It has nearly 25 staff and the number of its subscribers was 54,000 as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36714717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714717" title="Gleichenia squamulosa">
Gleichenia squamulosa

Gleichenia squamulosa known locally as Yerba Loza, Palmita and Huadahue, is a fern endemic to Chile with a natural distribution ranging from Maule Region (~35° S) in the north to Aysén Region (~47° S) in the south including the Juan Fernández Islands. It is found from sea level up to 1500 m.a.s.l. and occurs in humid areas that are not too shady.

</doc>
<doc id="36714725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714725" title="Qaleh-ye Mirza Soleyman">
Qaleh-ye Mirza Soleyman

Qaleh-ye Mirza Soleyman (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mīrzā Soleymān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Soleymān Mīrzā) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 415, in 98 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714740" title="Qaleh Now-e Kharaqan">
Qaleh Now-e Kharaqan

Qaleh Now-e Kharaqan (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Kharaqān, Qal‘eh-ye Now-e Kharaqān, Qal‘eh-ye Now-e Khareqān, and Qal‘eh-ye Now Khareqān; also known as Ghal’eh Now Kharaghan, Qal‘eh Nau, Qal‘eh Now-e Kharagān, and Qal‘eh-ye Now) is a city in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2011 census, its population was 3,927, in 1248 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714788" title="Shahrud Cement Company">
Shahrud Cement Company

Shahrud Cement Company (, – "Sākhtemān Kārkhāneh-ye Sīmān Shāhrūd") is a village and company town in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 32 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36714794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714794" title="Sharafabad, Semnan">
Sharafabad, Semnan

Sharafabad (, also Romanized as Sharafābād; also known as Sharīfābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714835" title="St Mary Magdalen Roman Catholic Church Mortlake">
St Mary Magdalen Roman Catholic Church Mortlake

St Mary Magdalen Roman Catholic Church Mortlake is a Roman Catholic church in North Worple Way, Mortlake, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. Its priest is Father Richard Whinder.
The church building, designed by Gilbert Blount, architect to the first Archbishop of Westminster, Nicholas Wiseman, dates from 1852.
The church's first parish priest, Fr John Wenham, was an Anglican convert from the Oxford Movement and had studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, which may explain why Mary Magdalen was chosen as the patron saint of the new church.
Sir Richard and Lady Burton.
The cemetery includes a Grade II" listedmausoleum, in the form of a life-size stone tent, made of Carrara marble and Forest of Dean stone. It contains the tombs of the Victorian explorer and translator of "The Arabian Nights", Sir Richard Burton, who died in 1890, and his wife, Isabel, Lady Burton, who designed it. The coffins of Sir Richard and Lady Burton can be seen through a glass panel at the rear of the tent, which can be accessed via a short fixed ladder. The mausoleum was restored in 2012/13 with the support of the Friends of Burton and the Environment Trust.
Next to the lady chapel in the church there is a memorial stained-glass window to Burton, erected by his widow.
Sir James Marshall.
19th-century colonial judge Sir James Marshall (1829–1889) who helped the spread of Roman Catholicism in Ghana and Nigeria, is buried in the churchyard cemetery. His wife Alice died in 1926 and is also buried in the churchyard. There is a plaque inside the church in their memory. It was unveiled on 11 August 1999, 100 years after his death.
The Knights and Ladies of Marshall, a lay association of Ghanaian Catholics, visit the church in Mortlake annually to celebrate a mass in his memory.
War graves.
The cemetery contains war graves of four service personnel of World War I and two of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36714859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714859" title="Deer dance (folk dance)">
Deer dance (folk dance)

Deer dance is any of the world's folk dances performed by persons disguised as deer.

</doc>
<doc id="36714862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714862" title="Sharifabad, Meyami">
Sharifabad, Meyami

Sharifabad (, also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 210, in 47 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714872" title="Poultry Company, Kharqan">
Poultry Company, Kharqan

Poultry Company, Kharqan ( – "Sherḵat-e Mām Jūjeh") is a village and company town in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36714893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714893" title="Tash-e Olya">
Tash-e Olya

Tash-e Olya (, also Romanized as Tāsh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tāsh and Tāsh-e Bālā) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 40 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714902" title="David and Drusilla Baxter House">
David and Drusilla Baxter House

The David and Drusilla Baxter House at 206 W. 1600 N. in Orem, Utah was built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
According to its NRHP nomination, the house is a "good example of the transitional character of the architecture on the Provo Bench at the latter-part of the 19th century"; it includes Classical and Late Victorian elements.

</doc>
<doc id="36714906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714906" title="Tash-e Sofla">
Tash-e Sofla

Tash-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Tāsh-e Soflá; also known as Tāsh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714911" title="Golf at the 2016 Summer Olympics">
Golf at the 2016 Summer Olympics

Golf at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is scheduled to be held in August at a new course to be built in the Reserva de Marapendi in the Barra da Tijuca zone.
It will be the first time golf has been played at the Olympics since the 1904 Summer Olympics and it is to feature two events, the men's and women's individual events.
Changes.
Though golf has not featured in the Olympics since the 1904 Summer Olympics, the session of the 121st IOC Session held in 2009 chose to re-introduce the sport for the games. With the rapid expansion and globalisation of the sport, the 121st International Olympic Committee recommended adding golf back into the Summer Olympics.
Ty Votaw, who was the Executive Vice President of Communications and International Affairs and Vice President of the International Golf Federation, along with Peter Dawson, who was the president of the IGF and chief executive of the Royal and Ancient Golf Club, were at the forefront of making golf once again an Olympic sport.
Prior to the vote to reinstate golf into the 2016 and 2020 Summer Olympic Games, a presentation by a group of golf ambassadors helped sway the 121st session of the International Olympic Committee. These ambassadors included: Dawson and Votaw, along with golf professionals Pádraig Harrington of Ireland, Michelle Wie of the United States, Suzann Pettersen of Norway and 16-year old 2009 British Amateur champion Matteo Manassero of Italy. Dawson was quoted saying: "We are extremely grateful that Padraig, Michelle, Suzann and Matteo were able to join us to help communicate the genuine interest world-class players of all ages share in golf becoming an Olympic sport." On 9 October 2009, the International Olympic Committee had their final vote and the vote passed, which officially made golf an Olympic sport for the 2016 and 2020 Summer games.
Format.
A proposal was made to have a 72-hole individual stroke play tournament with the official rules of golf. The player with the lowest score will win the gold medal. If needed, a tie-breaker for the medal positions would occur in a three-hole playoff.
Location.
A new golf course will be built at Reserva de Marapendi in the Barra da Tijuca zone. Hanse Golf Course Design was chosen from eight tenders to build the course. Founder and President Gil Hanse reacted to the news in saying: "I'm excited that the selection panel felt that our efforts were the ones that best matched the criteria set by organisers." They have signed up with World Golf Hall of Famer Amy Alcott to work on the project.
The President of the Rio de Janeiro Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games Carlos Arthur Nuzman said: "As 2016 Games marks the return of golf to the Olympic Games after over a century of absence, this course represents the beginning of a new chapter in the history of the sport. It will enable Rio to host important events in the international calendar and it will be an example of sustainability and preservation of an environmentally protected area. This course will be an excellent facility for the practice and development of golf and will inspire millions of youth across Brazil and the globe. We look forward to welcoming the athletes and spectators to the course in 2016."
After the games, the course will become a public facility and will be used to enhance golf's profile within Brazil and, according to the organising committee, this would represent "one of the most important Olympic Games legacies for sport development in the country."
The competition will run at an as-yet-unknown date in August.
Qualification.
Qualification will be based on world ranking as of 11 July 2016, with a total of 60 players qualifying in each of the men's and women's events. The top 15 players of each gender will qualify, with a limit of four golfers per country that can qualify this way. The remaining 45 spots will go the highest-ranked players from countries that do not already have two golfers qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36714913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714913" title="Thirteen Steps Down (TV series)">
Thirteen Steps Down (TV series)

Thirteen Steps Down is a 2012 two part television thriller based on the novel by Ruth Rendell first broadcast by ITV.
Plot.
Mix Cellini is a lonely, maladjusted young man who works for a company that repairs exercise equipment, and lives in the upstairs apartment of an old Victorian house on Notting Hill. While his reclusive landlady, Gwendolen, spends her time reading and pondering lost loves, Mix grows dangerously obsessed with serial killer John Christie and a local model, Nerissa Nash, despite the fact that she hardly even acknowledges his existence.
Production.
Set in London's Notting Hill and the nearby home of John Christie at 10 Rillington Place filming took place over five weeks in London and Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="36714918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714918" title="Taqiabad, Shahrud">
Taqiabad, Shahrud

Taqiabad (, also Romanized as Taqīābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714923" title="Zargar, Semnan">
Zargar, Semnan

Zargar () is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 176, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36714938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714938" title="Lagrangian particle tracking">
Lagrangian particle tracking

In computational fluid dynamics, the Lagrangian particle tracking (or in short LPT method) is a numerical technique for tracking Lagrangian particles within an Eulerian phase. Some simulation cases for which this method is applicable are: sprays, small bubbles and dust particles.

</doc>
<doc id="36714943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714943" title="Dayan Deerh">
Dayan Deerh

Dayan Deerh is one of the most important divinities in the folk practices and shamanic invocations in Khövsgöl Province, Mongolia. His cult is linked to fertility rites which are practiced in yellow shamanism (which incorporates Buddhist ritual and belief) as well as in black shamanism (a less Buddhist-influenced type of shamanism). He is still venerated, especially on the eastern side of Lake Khövsgöl.
Origin and cult.
Dayan Deerh is worshiped in both yellow shamanism and the less Buddhism-influenced black shamanism, though black shamans around Khövsgöl Nuur often do not accept him since he is popular among the yellow shamans. One explanation is that Dayan Deerh would have betrayed the black shamans by going over to the Buddhist side. Agnes Birtalan proposed that he began his career as a fertility god, then became a spirit particularly for shamans, and ended up as a protector.
As a fertility god, he granted cattle and children to people, and was a shaman for Gengis Khan with whose wife or daughter he eloped. He can only be killed by suffocation (fire and metal cannot hurt him) and in return for not being threatened by the Khan with such a death he becomes a protector of him and his people. There is also a tradition of rivalry between Dayan Deerh and the Dalai Lama; still, syncretism between the two religious traditions is suggested by the fact that Dayan Deerh became a protector of yellow shamanism. Moreover, his statue is venerated by the Lamas of the Deerkhiin Khüree monastery. Both Khalka and Buryat Mongols revere him, and in addition to promoting fertility he also functions as a patron to shamanic initiation.
A statue of the god was venerated in Tsagaannuur, Khövsgöl, where his cult was particularly strong; it appears that Dayan Deerh had turned himself into a stone statue, according to sacral texts collected by Birtalan, and that warriors of Gengis Khan unsuccessfully tried to destroy it. The statue disappeared possibly in 1929 or in the 1950s, and later a Buddhist shrine newly established in a former hotel took over that function, where a new cult has now formed. In 1998, Birtalan recorded a number of incantations from Xǖxenĵĭ, the descendant of a shamaness—two longer ones (a prayer and an invocation) and three shorter ones dedicated to Dayan Deerh. Xǖxenĵĭ, whose family lived in Renchinlkhümbe, Khövsgöl, in the Darkhad Valley, said she came under the protection of Dayan Deerh when they moved to the eastern side of Lake Khövsgöl.
One other place of his cult is a cave near the border between Russia and Mongolia, kept out of sight and accessible only by horseback. Even during the communist regime of the Mongolian People's Republic (1924–1992) it was continuously worshiped. A Buddhist warrior god statue is placed in the center of the cave and is almost completely covered by khatas. Nearby, purifying rituals are held.
Depictions.
Dayan Deerh is often depicted as equestrian, wearing at least some typically Mongolian attributes (Birtalan mentions boots). He typically has a triple shamanic feather crown including three mirrors, though statues have a warrior helmet. In a scroll image owned by a monk in Mörön, he carries a mirror around his neck, intended to ward off evil spirits, an attribute used also by shamans; a necklace consisting of beads "indicates the coexistence of Buddhism and shamanism".
Monastery.
The deity also gave his name to a monastery in Tsagaannuur, Dayan Deerh Sharavlyn Khüree, where yellow shamans venerate him within Buddhist confines, the name of the monastery indicating its shamanic origins. According to Otgony Pürev, the monastery was built in 1860 and rebuilt in 1922 after burning down.

</doc>
<doc id="36714961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714961" title="Igor Krmar">
Igor Krmar

Igor Krmar (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Крмар; born 14 May 1991 in Vinkovci) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian First League club FK BSK Borča.
Career.
Born in the Croatian town Vinkovci at the outbreak of the Yugoslavian war, his family fled to Boleč, a suburb of Belgrade. Krmar started playing football in Boleč, later moving to nearby Vinča. There, he was spotted by scouts and brought to Red Star Belgrade. Although he passed the complete youth ranks of Red Star, he first played professionally for the 3rd division club Mačva Šabac, where he stayed one year. The next season, he joined the Kragujevac-based team Radnički 1923, with whom he earned a promotion to the highest league of Serbian football. In his first year in Serbian SuperLiga he lacked playing time, thus was loaned to the Bosnian side Slavija Sarajevo, the club that was close to relegation in winter 2012. Eventually they avoided relegation. In summer of that year, Krmar joined another Serbian SuperLiga club - FK Smederevo.

</doc>
<doc id="36714992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36714992" title="Dastjerd, Semnan">
Dastjerd, Semnan

Dastjerd (, also Romanized as Dastgerd and Dast-i-Gird) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 409, in 153 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715006" title="Helplessly Hoping">
Helplessly Hoping

"Helplessly Hoping" is a song by American folk rock group Crosby, Stills, and Nash. It is found on their album Crosby, Stills & Nash.
The song is noted for its use of alliteration in its lyrics. It was written by Stephen Stills.

</doc>
<doc id="36715007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715007" title="Granada, Peru">
Granada, Peru

Granada, Peru is the capital of Granada District in Peru. It is located in the Chachapoyas Province.

</doc>
<doc id="36715009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715009" title="Dezian">
Dezian

Dezian (, also Romanized as Dezīān) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 200, in 87 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715017" title="Givar">
Givar

Givar (, also Romanized as Gīvar; also known as Gabār, Gīār, and Kābār) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 50 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715025" title="Kristoffer Broberg">
Kristoffer Broberg

Kristoffer Broberg (born 1 August 1986) is a Swedish professional golfer.
Broberg began playing on the Challenge Tour in 2012. He won the second event he played in the Finnish Challenge on 5 August. He won again the next week at the Norwegian Challenge. Broberg won for a third time that month at the Rolex Trophy to earn an instant promotion to the European Tour; he was the fastest player ever to achieve this having played just five events in the season. The victories helped Broberg shoot up the Official World Golf Ranking from 1,109th to 173rd.
Broberg also played on the Nordic League where he won four events between 2011 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36715032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715032" title="Himmatwala">
Himmatwala

Himmatwala in Hindi-Urdu means "courageous". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36715053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715053" title="Yerba Loza">
Yerba Loza

Yerba Loza may refer to the following fern species:

</doc>
<doc id="36715061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715061" title="Cendrino Misidjan">
Cendrino Misidjan

Cendrino Misidjan (born 29 August 1988 in Paramaribo) is a Dutch professional footballer of Surinamese descent who currently plays as a left back for CSKA Sofia.
He formerly played for Stormvogels Telstar, Almere City, FC Oss, Go Ahead Eagles and Sparta Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="36715105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715105" title="Ghazazan">
Ghazazan

Ghazazan (, also Romanized as Ghazāzān and Ghazzāzān; also known as Kazāzān and Kazzāzān) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 368, in 112 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715106" title="Gleichenia quadripartita">
Gleichenia quadripartita

Gleichenia quadripartita known locally as Yerba Loza, Palmita, Pata de cucho and Bi-Iúl, is a fern native to Chile with a natural distribution ranging from the latitude of Concepción (~37° S) in the north to Magallanes Region (~55° S) in the south including adjacent parts of Argentina. It is also found in the Juan Fernández Islands. It grows found from sea level up to 1800 m.a.s.l. and occurs in humid areas that are neither shady or too exposed to direct sunlight.

</doc>
<doc id="36715119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715119" title="Longest linear sequence">
Longest linear sequence

In synthetic chemistry, the longest linear sequence, commonly abbreviated as LLS, is the largest number of reactions required to go from the starting materials to the products in a multistep sequence.
This concept is very important when trying to optimize a synthetic plan. Since every reaction step can decrease the yield of the product, reducing the value of the LLS is a good way to increase the quantity of chemicals formed at the end: this can be done by devising quicker methods to couple the fragments or by introducing convergence. However, improving sequences which are not the longest linear one will generally not produce an overall enhancement to the yield of the reaction since the benefits incur in intermediates that were already present in excess, assuming that the yields for each of the steps are roughly equal.

</doc>
<doc id="36715121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715121" title="Danko Opančina">
Danko Opančina

Danko Opančina (Serbian Cyrillic: Данко Опанчина; born 27 July 1990 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Smederevo.

</doc>
<doc id="36715124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715124" title="Khan Khvodi">
Khan Khvodi

Khan Khvodi (, also Romanized as Khān Khvodī, Khānkhowdī, Khān-i-Khūdi; also known as Khāneh Khodī, Khaneh Khoori, Khāneh Khvodī, and Khān Khodrī) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 394, in 150 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715138" title="Ciudad Real, San Jose del Monte">
Ciudad Real, San Jose del Monte

Ciudad Real Subdivision or Barangay Ciudad Real (PSGC Code: 031420000) is one of the fifty-nine barangays comprising the City of San Jose del Monte, Bulacan in the Philippines.
Demographics.
Geography.
Ciudad Real Subdivision is located on the southeast portion of City of San Jose del Monte, east portion of Northern Caloocan and northwest portion of Rizal.
Population.
As of 2007 census, Ciudad Real Subdivision has a population of 1,798 people.
Climate.
The prevailing climatic conditions in the barangay are categorized into two (2) types: dry and wet season. The annual mean temperature in the area is 27℃. The warmest month is May with a mean temperature of up to 33℃ while the coldest months are January and February at around 22℃-25℃.
History.
Ciudad Real Subdivision is a private subdivision owned and developed by the Asialand Development Corporation. It was originally planned with ten residential subdivisions, business district, commercial center, resort and recreational complex, an agricultural station, green reserve, schools, churches, trading center and an industrial park. This is easily accessible from any key centers in Metro Manila and nearby towns, municipalities and province.
The site has a total area of 1,057 hectares, 9 kilometers to the Batasang Pambansa site and 28 km to Makati, Metro Manila. Elevation is 300 to 600 ft above sea level. Ciudad Real Subdivision used to be a part of Barangay Tungkong Mangga, the largest barangay in City of San Jose del Monte, but later became a barangay itself.

</doc>
<doc id="36715155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715155" title="Yazdu">
Yazdu

Yazdu (, also Romanized as Yazdū) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715159" title="Kalateh-ye Delbar">
Kalateh-ye Delbar

Kalateh-ye Delbar (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Delbar; also known as Delbar) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715162" title="Crinalium epipsammum">
Crinalium epipsammum

Crinalium epipsammum is a filamentous, non-heterocystous, terrestrial cyanobacterium. The species is highly drought-resistant and was first identified from its role in forming crusts on coastal sand dunes in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="36715183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715183" title="Mazraeh-ye Sheykhabad">
Mazraeh-ye Sheykhabad

Mazraeh-ye Sheykhabad (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sheykhābād; also known as Sheykhābād) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715191" title="Qaleh-ye Ahmad">
Qaleh-ye Ahmad

Qaleh-ye Ahmad (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Aḩmad) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715200" title="Qaleh-ye Bala, Semnan">
Qaleh-ye Bala, Semnan

Qaleh-ye Bala (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bālā and Qal‘eh Bālā) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 397, in 139 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715207" title="Abu ol Hasani">
Abu ol Hasani

Abu ol Hasani (, also Romanized as Abū ol Ḩasanī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715214" title="Ahmadabad, Shahrud">
Ahmadabad, Shahrud

Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 844, in 249 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715216" title="Living Goods">
Living Goods

Living Goods is a non-profit organization operating in Uganda and Kenya. Its goal is to build a sustainable distribution platform for products designed to fight poverty and disease in the developing world. Living Goods operates networks of independent entrepreneurs who make a living by selling cheap products to poor people that can help improve their health, wealth, and productivity. Living Goods borrows from successful direct selling models like Avon Products, Amway and Tupperware. The project aims to be fully self-funded at scale.
Living Goods was founded by Chuck Slaughter in 2007.
Objectives.
Living Goods focuses on three prevailing problems with health systems in the developing world: 1) the shortage of frontline health workers, 2) the inadequate distribution of basic health products in both the public and private sectors, and 3) the failure of innovations like clean cookstoves and solar lamps to reach scale. It is largely recognized that each of these problems increases in severity at the “last mile” where the need is greatest. 
Using a double bottom line business approach, Living Goods aims to: 
Operations.
Direct Selling System.
Living Goods franchises its brand and business model to women who work as independent, self-employed ‘Avon-like’ agents. The women receive training, a below-market inventory loan, and a ‘Business in a Bag’ including branded uniforms, signs, and basic health and business tools. Living Goods supports agents through networks of branch-warehouses. Agents serve their clients via door-to-door visits, home-based stores, mobile technology and community meetings. Each agent serves approximately 700 people. 
Products.
The organization focuses on a short list of diseases that account for over two-thirds of child mortality but can be prevented and/or treated at very low cost, including malaria, diarrhea, respiratory infection and neo-natal sepsis. Living Goods also acts as a distribution platform for new pro-poor products designed by smaller companies who face challenges distributing in these markets on their own. Listed below is a sample of the items in Living Goods’ product mix: 
Pro-Poor Innovations: Solar lanterns, clean cook stoves, slow burning briquettes. <br>
Prevention/ Nutrition: Water filters, fortified foods, bed nets, condoms, vitamins, iron, safe delivery kits, family planning. <br>
Treatment: Malaria treatments, de-worming pills, diarrhea treatments, basic antibiotics. <br>
Fast Moving Consumer Goods: Diapers, sanitary pads. <br>
Distribution.
Living Goods uses their buying power to create a streamlined supply chain. Avoiding fragmented and inefficient supply chains keeps product costs down for customers. Some Living Goods prices are 50% below the prevailing market price. By controlling distribution the organization is able to keep stock levels consistent and avoid the circulation of counterfeit drugs. 
Mobile communications.
Living Goods uses mobile communications to monitor, increase sales, provide health information, and drive prompt treatment. SMS is used to broadcast product promotions. Agents also send SMS messages to report on treatments in their community. After clients are registered they receive a free sequence of personalized, automated treatment adherence reminders. Clients call or text their agent for help, if they want a visit, or if they need advice. 
Replication.
Living Goods is attempting to build the field of micro-franchising and direct-selling to the poor. The organization works with NGOs, consumer businesses, governments and other social enterprises to adapt and replicate its open source model. Living Goods states that it takes inspiration from Mohamed Yunus, the creator of Grameen Bank, whose ideas were used to create thousands of microfinance institutions around the world outside of Grameen itself. Living Goods has a dedicated advisory services team for organizations that need technical assistance rolling out the model. 
Supporters.
Living Goods has received funding from the Children's Investment Fund Foundation, Omidyar Network, the Mulago Foundation, Jasmine Social Investments, the Peery Foundation, and many other foundations.
External reviews.
GiveWell review.
Charity evaluator GiveWell singled out Living Goods for special recognition in 2009 because Living Goods was cooperating with the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab to perform a rigorous evaluation of its program.
In 2011, Tobias Pfutze, an Assistant Professor of Economics, participated in GiveWell's "Find the Best Charity" experiment whereby he would spend about ten hours researching the best charity (or charities) using GiveWell and then allocate $2500 (funded by GiveWell) to the charity or charities. Pfutze allocated the entire $2500 to Living Goods and explained the rationale for his decision to GiveWell in an interview. GiveWell followed up with a blog post discussing some of the issues raised in the discussion.
Media coverage.
Living Goods has been covered in The New York Times, NBC, The Guardian, The Economist, National Public Radio, and other news and opinion sources.

</doc>
<doc id="36715218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715218" title="Aminabad, Semnan">
Aminabad, Semnan

Aminabad (, also Romanized as Amīnābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Amīnābād and Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Bābā) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715223" title="Alexandra Lunca">
Alexandra Lunca

Alexandra Luncu (born 22 August 1995) is a Romanian football striker currently playing in the Romanian First League for Olimpia Cluj, with which she has also played the Champions League. She is a member of the Romanian national team having made her official debut in November 2011 against Spain at 16, and as a junior international she subsequently played the 2012 U-19 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36715230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715230" title="Asb Keshan">
Asb Keshan

Asb Keshan (, also Romanized as Asb Keshān, Asb Kashān, and Asb Koshān) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715237" title="Baghestan, Shahrud">
Baghestan, Shahrud

Baghestan (, also Romanized as Bāghestān; also known as Gūjū) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 108, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715240" title="Barm, Semnan">
Barm, Semnan

Barm (, also Romanized as Beram) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715246" title="Gleichenia cryptocarpa">
Gleichenia cryptocarpa

Gleichenia cryptocarpa known locally as Yerba Loza, Cola de gallo and Ampe, is a fern with a natural distribution in Chile ranging from Maule Region (~35° S) in the north to Aysén Region (~47° S) in the south including adjacent areas of Argentina. It grows also naturally in the Falkland Islands. It is found in altitude ranging from 20 to 2240 m.a.s.l.. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715249" title="Rugby sevens at the 2016 Summer Olympics">
Rugby sevens at the 2016 Summer Olympics

Rugby sevens at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro is scheduled to be held in August and the competition will take two days. This is the first time rugby sevens will be played at the Olympics, though rugby union was last played at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Changes.
Though rugby has not been featured in the Olympics since the 1924 Summer Olympics in any form, the IOC chose to re-introduce the seven-a-side version of the sport for the games. The sports will feature for at least this and the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Format.
The usual laws of rugby sevens will apply.
Venue.
The original plan to stage rugby matches at the São Januário Stadium will have to be scrapped because the club in charge of the venue missed the deadline to present its project. The Organising Committee revealed that they may now move the sport into the João Havelange Stadium, which it would have to share with athletics competitions. It has since been announced that the Rugby competition will take place in a temporary arena at the Deodoro Zone, shared with the Modern Pentathlon.
Qualification.
Brazil men’s and women’s teams will automatically qualify for the events. Qualification will begin with the 2014–15 IRB Sevens World Series and 2014–15 IRB Women's Sevens World Series, where the 4 teams at the top of the standings will qualify for the 2016 Olympic Games. In June–September 2015, each of the six regional rugby unions will have an Olympic qualification event, where one team from each region will qualify. The final spot will be determined by a repechage tournament. It comprise 16 teams from the regional qualifiers: 4 from Europe, 3 from Africa, 3 from Asia, 2 from Oceania, 2 from North America and 2 from South America.
To solve the problem of Great Britain competing as one union in the Olympics and as several in International Rugby (England, Wales, Scotland), should one team qualify (England, Wales or Scotland) than Great Britain will be awarded a spot in the Olympic Games. The three unions will then decide the composition of the Great Britain team. Please note that Northern Ireland is part of the Irish Rugby Football Union. 
Competition schedule.
The competition will run at an as yet unknown date in August.
Other issues.
The international structure of rugby union with respect to Great Britain and Ireland is similar to that of association football, but with its own unique features. In football, the four Home Nations within the United Kingdom (England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales) all field separate national teams, which led to a controversy over how to field a combined Great Britain football team at the 2012 Olympics. The Republic of Ireland fields its own national team in football. In rugby union, the three Home Nations that share the island of Great Britain also have their own national teams. Ireland, by contrast, is not divided for rugby purposes—the sport is organised on an All-Ireland basis, with a single governing body for the entire island. Great Britain will get a chance to field a combined team.
This structure led to some minor issues regarding participation of a Great Britain team in the qualifying stages of the 2016 Games. Due to a tradition of cooperation between the governing bodies of England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales—especially during the quadrennial tours of the Southern Hemisphere by the unified British and Irish Lions 15-a-side team—these were far less contentious than in football; as early as 2011, the IRB endorsed the concept of a united Great Britain team for the 2016 Games.
In August 2012, a provisional plan was announced by which England, Scotland and Wales would all be able to qualify as a Great Britain sevens team for the 2016 Games. The first qualifying stage is planned to be the 2014–2015 men's IRB Sevens World Series and IRB Women's Sevens World Series, with the top four teams of each sex at the end of that season advancing to the Games. All three nations are "core teams" that participate in every event of the men's IRB Sevens; the IRB Women's Sevens began in 2012–2013 with England as one of the six core teams. Qualifying will continue with regional tournaments and a final worldwide Olympic qualifier. Should any of the three teams finish in a qualifying spot at any stage, Great Britain will send a team to the Games. The final composition of a Great Britain team would then be determined by the three nations and the British Olympic Association.
Another issue was to make the automatic qualifier Brazil's team competitive. In an attempt to address this for the women's tournament, the IRB announced in August 2013 that Brazil would be an invited core team in the IRB Women's Sevens World Series for at least the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36715251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715251" title="List of Big Brother 3 HouseGuests (U.S.)">
List of Big Brother 3 HouseGuests (U.S.)

The third edition of the CBS reality series "Big Brother" featured twelve all new HouseGuests competing for the $500,000 prize.
Amy.
Amy Crews Ouellette was a real estate appraiser from Memphis, Tennessee. Amy was often seen as snobby and conceited by her fellow HouseGuests, and fellow HouseGuest Roddy went as far as stating that Amy "puts herself ahead of other people", and believed she felt as though she was "more important than the others in the house". In the first few weeks, Amy and Marcellas had a close bond and friendship in the game, though it was ultimately strained after the two were nominated together. She had a strong dislike of Chiara in the game, and often referred to her as "Chi-Whore-A" behind her back. The first night, Amy became a member of the six person alliance that consisted of herself, Gerry, Eric, Chiara, Lisa and Josh, but quickly cut ties with them by the end of the first week. Amy was nominated during the first week as a replacement nominee for Marcellas, who was saved with the Power of Veto. She survived the eviction in a five to four vote. Amy was nominated for a second time in the third week, this time alongside good friend Marcellas. Being on the block together ultimately led to the two friends having a falling out, and Amy's eviction on Day 27. Following her eviction, Amy was sequestered along with Lori, Tonya and the next evictee Eric. Amy and Eric won the chance to re-enter the game on Day 41, with the current HouseGuests deciding who would return. They voted for Amy to return in a five to two vote. Following her return to the game, Amy won the endurance Head of Household competition, her first win of the season. She nominated Chiara and Roddy for eviction, with the former being evicted that week. Following this win, Amy was nominated four consecutive times afterwards. She won the eighth Power of Veto competition, but could not use it on herself as it was the Silver Power of Veto. She was evicted for a second time on Day 76, with Jason casting the sole vote to evict her. She came in fourth place, and voted for Lisa to win. 
Since her appearance on "Big Brother 3", Amy has returned to the series numerous times. Amy appeared in a segment during "Big Brother: All Stars", in which she talked about Marcellas's gameplay thus far. She made a third appearance during a food competition in "Big Brother 10", which featured a representative for each previous season. Amy has since been married, and now goes by the name Amy Crews Oullette.
Chiara.
Chiara Jude Berti was a 25-year-old marketing representative from New York City. While in the house, Chiara had a flirtatious and somewhat romantic relationship with Roddy. She and Roddy were a part of the 'Couples Alliance', along with Lisa and Eric. Chiara was very open about her sex life, and often teased HouseGuest Jason about being a virgin. She did not get along well with Amy, and didn't have a good relationship with Josh while in the house. Chiara won the fourth Power of Veto competition, and chose not to use it. She was the fifth Head of Household, and nominated Josh and Roddy for eviction, with the former being evicted. Chiara annoyed her fellow HouseGuests after her HoH win, which ultimately led to her nomination and subsequent eviction the following week on Day 48. She came in eighth place, and voted for Lisa to win. Since "Big Brother 3", Chiara has gotten married and had two children.
Danielle.
Danielle Reyes (born January 22, 1972), 42, was a media buyer from Fairfield, California. Danielle became a teenage mother while in high school, and later had another child. While in the house, Danielle had friendships with the majority of the cast. She became known for her Diary Room entries, in which she often made fun of her fellow HouseGuests. She also gained notability for the "countdown", in which she would countdown the number of HouseGuests remaining until the Final Two. She had a secret alliance with Jason that was formed during the first week, in which the two would strategize while playing chess or cards. The secret alliance managed to get to the Final Three together uncaught, until Jason's eviction on Day 78. Danielle won the second Power of Veto of the season, and chose to leave Marcellas's nominations intact that week. She went on to win the tenth Head of Household of the season, and nominated Amy and Lisa for eviction, resulting in Amy's eviction. She managed to escape being nominated throughout the entire game, and was only technically nominated on Day 78, when Lisa won the Final Head of Household competition and immediately had to choose to evict either Jason or Danielle; she chose to evict Jason. On Day 82, Danielle became Runner-up of "Big Brother 3" in a nine to one vote, only receiving the vote of alliance member Jason. The jury vote was a source of controversy for fans of the series, who blamed Danielle's Diary Room entries for her loss. Following this season, "Big Brother 4" saw the evicted HouseGuests being sequestered until after the series finale, and they were not shown Diary Room sessions or private conversations. Danielle is seen as one of the great players to ever play the game by fans of the series.
Following her appearance on this season, Danielle returned in 2006 for "Big Brother: All Stars", where she ultimately came in sixth place.
Eric.
Eric Ouellette was a firefighter from Milford, Connecticut. While in the house, Eric had a romantic relationship with Lisa, and the two were members of the 'Couples Alliance' with Chiara and Roddy. He won the third Power of Veto competition of the season, and chose not to save either Amy or Marcellas. The following week, Eric was nominated for eviction alongside Lisa. When the Veto was not used, Eric was evicted in a tie-breaker vote, with Head of Household Gerry casting the final vote to evict him. On Day 41, Eric was given the chance to return to the house, but ultimately did not get to re-enter the game. He came in tenth place, and voted for Lisa to win.
Gerry.
Gerald "Gerry" Lancaster was a teacher from Shadow Hills, California. While in the house, Gerry had a close friendship with the majority of the HouseGuests, though he was a victim of numerous personal attacks from HouseGuest Josh during the first two weeks. Gerry won the first Power of Veto of the season, and later chose to remove Marcellas from the block as he believed he had been nominated due to racism and homophobia. The decision upset numerous HouseGuests, leading to Josh's attacks. Gerry won the fourth Head of Household competition of the season, and nominated Eric and Lisa for eviction; Eric was evicted that week with Gerry casting the tie-breaker vote. He also won the sixth Power of Veto competition, and chose to leave Chiara and Roddy on the block. The following week, Gerry was nominated for eviction by Head of Household Jason, and was ultimately evicted on Day 55 in a four to zero vote. He came in seventh place, and voted for Lisa to win.
Jason.
Jason Martin Guy (born June 22, 1977), 36, was a videographer from Mobile, Alabama. He is a born-again Christian, and his religion played an important role in his life both inside and out of the Big Brother house. He had a close friendship with Chiara in the house, and had a secret alliance with Danielle, with the two helping each other get to the Final Three together. Jason was the seventh Head of Household of the season, and later won the Power of Veto that same week. He won the ninth Head of Household competition, making him the second person to win two Head of Household competitions this season. Both Jason and ally Danielle managed to avoid being nominated until the Final Three, when they both failed to win the Final Head of Household competition. Lisa won the Final HoH, and chose to evict Jason from the house on Day 78. He came in third place, and was the sole vote for Danielle to win.
Josh.
Josh Feinberg was a waiter from Long Island, New York. While in the house, his bossy and constant scheming caused him to be disliked by the majority of the HouseGuests, though he had somewhat of a friendship with Roddy and Eric. He was nominated the second week by Marcellas, but he survived the eviction. He was nominated for a second time by Chiara, and was evicted on Day 41. He came in ninth place, and voted for Lisa to win. Following his appearance on the show, Josh posed for Playgirl magazine.
Lisa.
Lisa Donahue (born February 4, 1976), 38, was a bartender from Los Angeles. While in the house, Lisa had a romantic relationship with Eric, and the two were members of the 'Couples Alliance' with Chiara and Roddy. She avoided confrontation while in the game, though did have a verbal argument with HouseGuest Josh shortly before his eviction. Lisa was the first Head of Household of the season, after winning the "Wheel of First Impressions" competition. She nominated Lori and Marcellas for eviction, and later nominated Amy as a replacement nominee for Marcellas. Lisa was nominated in the fourth week alongside romantic partner Eric, though she survived the eviction after Gerry broke a tie in her favor. She won the fifth Power of Veto competition, and chose to leave ally Chiara's nominations the same. Lisa was nominated for a second time in the Final Four, but was not evicted as Danielle and Jason believed they could beat her in the Final Head of Household competition. Lisa won Round 1 of the Final HoH competition, and on Day 78 became the Final HoH of the season. She cast the sole vote to evict Jason. On Day 82, Lisa was crowned the Winner of "Big Brother 3" in a nine to one jury vote, earning the $500,000 grand prize. Following her appearance on the season, Lisa was a candidate for Big Brother: All Stars in 2006, but ultimately was not chosen to compete during the season.
Lori.
Lori Olson was a bank representative from Foxboro, Wisconsin. She was nominated in the first week by Head of Household Lisa, who nominated Lori as a pawn to get Marcellas evicted. When Gerry used the Power of Veto to remove Marcellas from the block, Amy was named the replacement nominee. Lori had an explosive argument with Danielle when she became offended that the other HouseGuests were gossiping about Gerry's hygiene when he wasn't around. She came in twelfth place, and voted for Lisa to win.
Marcellas.
Marcellas Reynolds was a fashion designer from Chicago, Illinois. While in the house, he had a close relationship with Amy, though it was later strained after they were nominated together. He strongly disliked Josh while in the house, and often said negative things about Tonya. Marcellas was nominated the first week, but was later saved by the Power of Veto after Gerry chose to use it on him. He won the second Head of Household competition of the season, nominating Josh and Tonya for eviction. Tonya was evicted that week. The following week, Marcellas was nominated for a second time, but survived the eviction on Day 27. He won the eighth Head of Household competition of the season, and nominated Amy and Roddy, leading to Roddy's eviction. This win made Marcellas the first HouseGuest to win two HOH competitions this season. The following week, Marcellas was nominated for eviction by Jason. Marcellas went on to win the first Golden Power of Veto in Big Brother history that week, and later made the shocking decision to not use the Veto. Marcellas stated that he believed he would not be evicted, and didn't want Jason to have to choose to nominate either Danielle or Lisa in his place. The decision ultimately proved to be a bad one, as Marcellas was evicted in a tie-breaker vote that night. The move is often regarded as one of the worst moves in Big Brother history by fans of the show. He came in fifth place, and voted for Lisa to win.
Following his appearance on the season, Marcellas co-hosted "", an Internet talk show that was available at CBS.com. Marcellas returned on Big Brother: All Stars in 2006, where he came in ninth place.
Roddy.
Roddy Mancuso was a writer from Morristown, New Jersey. He had a flirtatious and somewhat romantic relationship with Chiara in the house, and the two were in the 'Couples Alliance' with Eric and Lisa. Roddy was the third Head of Household of the season, nominating Amy and Marcellas for eviction. He was ultimately evicted on Day 62, in a unanimous three to zero vote. He came in sixth place, and voted for Lisa to win.
Tonya.
Tonya Paoni was a retail sales specialist from Las Vegas, Nevada. She was nominated for eviction in the second week by Head of Household Marcellas. Tonya was evicted on Day 20 in a five to three vote. Tonya has since changed her name to Tonya Casper and was later sent to jail on a million dollars bond for reckless homicide.

</doc>
<doc id="36715259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715259" title="Milan Vukašinović">
Milan Vukašinović

Milan Vukašinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Вукашиновић; born 1982 in Bor) is a Serbian football forward who plays for Smederevo.
Career.
Vukašinović led FK Mladi Radnik in scoring during the 2010–11 Serbian SuperLiga season with 11 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="36715260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715260" title="Cystoprostatectomy">
Cystoprostatectomy

A cystoprostatectomy or cysto-prostatectomy is a surgical procedure in which the urinary bladder and prostate gland are removed. The procedure combines a cystectomy and a prostatectomy.

</doc>
<doc id="36715272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715272" title="Chah-e Mari, Semnan">
Chah-e Mari, Semnan

Chah-e Mari (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mar’ī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715283" title="Faridar">
Faridar

Faridar (, also Romanized as Farīdar) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715286" title="Farinu-ye Bala">
Farinu-ye Bala

Farinu-ye Bala (, also Romanized as Farīnū-ye Bālā) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 23 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36715290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715290" title="Cystourethrectomy">
Cystourethrectomy

A cystourethrectomy or cysto-urethrectomy is a surgical procedure in which the urinary bladder and male urethra are removed. The procedure combines a cystectomy and a urethrectomy.

</doc>
<doc id="36715296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715296" title="Garmab-e Bala">
Garmab-e Bala

Garmab-e Bala (, also Romanized as Garmāb-e Bālā and Garmāb Bālā) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715305" title="Garmab-e Pain">
Garmab-e Pain

Garmab-e Pain (, also Romanized as Garmāb-e Pā’īn and Garmāb Pā’īn; also known as Garmāb) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715312" title="I Make a Wish for a Potato">
I Make a Wish for a Potato

I Make a Wish for a Potato is a compilation album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released on April 10, 2001 through Rounder Records. The album draws from the band's three releases on Rounder Records and also includes songs by associated acts such as Michael Hurley as well as the Clamtones.

</doc>
<doc id="36715316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715316" title="Urethrectomy">
Urethrectomy

A urethrectomy is a surgical procedure to remove all or part of the male urethra, a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the genitals for the removal of fluids out of the body.

</doc>
<doc id="36715320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715320" title="Jafarabad, Beyarjomand">
Jafarabad, Beyarjomand

Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715324" title="Filip Osman">
Filip Osman

Filip Osman (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Осман; born 21 December 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Smederevo.

</doc>
<doc id="36715326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715326" title="Sharon Savoy">
Sharon Savoy

Sharon Savoy is an American dancer, choreographer, and author. Born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, she began studying dance at the North Carolina School of the Arts at age 15, and later moved to New York City to attend the School of American Ballet until the age of 19. Savoy danced in several ballet companies and later became a Star Search Dance Champion, Blackpool Champion, World Champion, and U.S. Open Champion for her mastery in ballroom dance. She continues choreography and dance work in various T.V. shows, competitions, and movies. She won the 2013 "World's Best Female Dancer" at the Huading Awards, held in Macau, China.
Early life.
Sharon began her dancing career at the age of 15 when she went to study at the North Carolina School of the Arts after a visiting ballet coach, Milenko Banovicth suggested to her mother she had a great talent. She moved to New York City to train "at the prestigious School of American Ballet in New York" with George Balanchine from age 16–19 years old. She then danced in several professional ballet companies under the direction of Edward Villella, Egelvsky Ballet, New Jersey Ballet, and New World Ballet until finding a niche in Exhibition ballroom dance.
Career.
"She is a 3X World and 4X Blackpool Exhibition Champion", as well as a 7X US Open and 3X Star Search Dance Champion. She has been the featured Dancer in Hollywood movies such as, “” and “Head of State.” Savoy has performed on PBS, Regis and Kathie Lee, Entertainment Tonight, Miss America, Sydney Olympics and at the Kennedy Center. 
She is a published author of a book, "'Ballroom! Obsession & Passion' provides an insider's perspective of the world of ballroom dancing.
Savoy worked as a host and radio commentator of Yoursource T.V. while living in Washington DC, a judge for ballroom’s Blackpool event, a coach for Showdance National Champions and finalists in Paula Abdul’s show, “Live to Dance", behind the scenes coach for the professional dancers of "Dancing with the Stars", instructing them on lifts and specialty tricks she pioneered. She has since "ended her competitive ballroom exhibition career...by winning the 2004 World Exhibition Dance Championships." 
Savoy has performed at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, the Kennedy Center Opera house, Palais du Bercy,Royal Albert Hall, London,Germany, Italy, Macau, Beijing,Australia,South America.
Awards.
Sharon Savoy was winner of "World's Best Female Dancer" at the Huading Awards, held in Macau, China, 2013. Other nominees in the female dance category were Darcy Bussel, Royal Ballet and Elizabeth Patel, Paris Opera Ballet.
Other titles held by Sharon Savoy include:

</doc>
<doc id="36715327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715327" title="Kariz, Semnan">
Kariz, Semnan

Kariz (, also Romanized as Kārīz) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715336" title="Kalagh Zili">
Kalagh Zili

Kalagh Zili (, also Romanized as Kalāgh Zīlī; also known as Kalāgh Zīrī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715343" title="Kalateh-ye Hizomi">
Kalateh-ye Hizomi

Kalateh-ye Hizomi (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Hīzomī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Hezmī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715360" title="Kalateh-ye Motahhari">
Kalateh-ye Motahhari

Kalateh-ye Motahhari (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Moţahharī; also known as Deh-e Moţahharī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715373" title="Kalateh-ye Rey">
Kalateh-ye Rey

Kalateh-ye Rey (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Rey) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715381" title="Marri, Semnan">
Marri, Semnan

Marri (, also Romanized as Marrī and Marī) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715409" title="Marri, Iran">
Marri, Iran

Marri, Iran or Mari, Iran or Meri, Iran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36715425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715425" title="Nur, Semnan">
Nur, Semnan

Nur (, also Romanized as Nūr) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715448" title="Nowveh">
Nowveh

Nowveh (, also Romanized as Noveh) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715456" title="Robat-e Zang">
Robat-e Zang

Robat-e Zang (, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Zang) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715469" title="Rezaabad, Semnan">
Rezaabad, Semnan

Rezaabad (, also Romanized as Reẕāābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 277, in 67 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715475" title="Râșnov (disambiguation)">
Râșnov (disambiguation)

Râșnov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36715478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715478" title="Salehabad, Beyarjomand">
Salehabad, Beyarjomand

Salehabad (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād; also known as Şoleḩābād and Solh Ābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 195, in 55 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715501" title="Salehabad, Shahrud">
Salehabad, Shahrud

Salehabad (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Iran, located in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 30 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715508" title="Salam Rud">
Salam Rud

Salam Rud (, also Romanized as Salam Rūd and Salm Rūd) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715510" title="Robinsons Magnolia">
Robinsons Magnolia

Robinsons Magnolia is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Land, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is the 32nd mall opened by Robinsons and the 3rd mall in Quezon City with a gross floor area of 108,000 square metres. Robinsons Magnolia is part of the four-tower Magnolia Residences where the iconic Magnolia Ice Cream production plant once stood. The ice cream parlor that was associated with it was retained and relocated within the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="36715517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715517" title="Eshqevan">
Eshqevan

Eshqevan (, also Romanized as ‘Eshqevān) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715524" title="Taghmar">
Taghmar

Taghmar (; also known as Taqmar) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715531" title="Tajur">
Tajur

Tajur (, also Romanized as Tajūr) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715533" title="Jason Young (sprinter)">
Jason Young (sprinter)

Jason Young (born 21 March 1991) is a Jamaican sprinter, competing in the 100 metres and 200 metres. 
Jason is a student at University of the West Indies, Mona and won a joint silver medal in the 200 m at the 2011 Summer Universiade.
Young attracted attention in July 2012 when he set a massive new personal best of 19.86 s in the 200 metres at the Spitzen Leichtathletik meeting in Lucerne, beating Warren Weir. Earlier in the evening he had set a new personal best of 10.06 s in the 100 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36715535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715535" title="Talkhab, Semnan">
Talkhab, Semnan

Talkhab (, also Romanized as Talkhāb) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715543" title="Talkhab">
Talkhab

Talkhab () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36715556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715556" title="2012–13 Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey season

The Mercyhurst Lakers women's hockey team will represent Mercyhurst College in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season. The Lakers will be coached by Michael Sisti and attempt to win the NCAA Frozen Four.

</doc>
<doc id="36715567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715567" title="Jasmine Social Investments">
Jasmine Social Investments

Jasmine Social Investments is a New Zealand-based private foundation started by the entrepreneur Sam Morgan in 2006 following the sale of his company Trade Me to Fairfax Media. Their goal is to engage in high impact philanthropy, i.e., donate to high impact charitable organizations and also help guide other high net worth individuals achieve greater impact with their donations.
Operations.
Criteria for funding organizations.
Jasmine Social Investments aims to be "impact"-focused. They look for three things in the organizations they fund: an outstanding social entrepreneur, a compelling model, and measurement of true impact. Their criteria somewhat resemble those of the Mulago Foundation, though there are differences in the details.
Organizations funded by Jasmine.
As of August 2012, the portfolio of Jasmine Social Investments contains 18 organizations. These include Bridge International Academies (a company focused on low-cost private schools in the developing world), Living Goods, KOMAZA, mothers2mothers, Root Capital, and VisionSpring.
Partnerships.
Jasmine Social Investments partnered with the New Zealand embassy in South Africa through a matching agreement for aid delivery in Africa.
Reception.
Charity evaluator GiveWell described Jasmine Social Investments as an "impact-focused" grantmaker (alongside the Gates Foundation, Skoll Foundation, Children's Investment Fund Foundation, Mulago Foundation, and Peery Foundation). GiveWell stated in 2011 it would consider the organizations in the Jasmine Social Investments portfolio as part of its list of charities to review to see if they qualified for GiveWell's highest ratings.
Media coverage.
Sam Morgan and Jasmine Social Investments were covered in the Sydney Morning Herald, an Australian newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="36715580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715580" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's shot put">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's shot put

The Men's shot put competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico took place on October 13–14.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of two rounds, qualification and final. Each athlete receives three throws in the qualifying round. All who achieve the qualifying distance progress to the final. If less than twelve athletes achieve this mark, then the twelve furthest throwing athletes reach the final. Each finalist is allowed three throws in last round, with the top eight athletes after that point being given three further attempts.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qual. rule: qualification standard 18.90m (Q) or at least best 12 qualified (q).

</doc>
<doc id="36715583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715583" title="Ithycyphus miniatus">
Ithycyphus miniatus

Ithycyphus miniatus is a species of venomous lamprophiid snake native to Madagascar. 
Venom.
It is calm and reluctant to bite, but has a venom capable of causing severe pain and extensive bleeding in humans. 
Behavior and diet.
It is small and nocturnal and preys on grey mouse lemurs and other small mammals. 
In local folklore.
Its name in Malagasy is "fandrefiala", and it is greatly feared by many rural people of Madagascar, who believe it is able to hypnotize humans with its gaze. 
Taxonomy.
It was given its binomial name by Hermann Schlegel in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="36715586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715586" title="Leeds Municipal election, 1951">
Leeds Municipal election, 1951

The Leeds municipal elections were held on Thursday 10 May 1951, with boundary changes prompting the whole council's re-election. With the new wards the council grew by a further two (two additional wards also represented an increase of six councillors and two aldermen), as thirteen newly created wards replaced the eleven that were abolished:
Abolished:
Created: 
There was a three percent swing from Labour to the Conservatives (as compared to 1949 - swings from 1950's distorted results show much larger swings as seen below) on the night, delivering the Conservatives control of the council with a 30 seat majority. Turnout naturally rose from the previous year's scarcely contested election, to an above average figure of 45.9%.
Election result.
The result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the Council after the elections:

</doc>
<doc id="36715592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715592" title="Jioji Vatubua">
Jioji Vatubua

Jioji Vatubua is a Fijian rugby footballer player who represented his country in rugby league at the 1995 World Cup.
Vatubua also played for Fiji in rugby union, playing in one test match in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36715593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715593" title="Towchal, Semnan">
Towchal, Semnan

Towchal (, also Romanized as Towchāl; also known as Tow Chāh, Tū Chāh, and Tu-i-Chāh) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715595" title="List of United States unincorporated territory officials convicted of federal corruption offenses">
List of United States unincorporated territory officials convicted of federal corruption offenses

This is a list of notable United States unincorporated territory officials convicted of federal public corruption offenses for conduct while in office. The list is organized by office. Non-notable officials, such as sewer inspectors and zoning commissioners, are not included on this list, although they are routinely prosecuted for the same offenses. Acquitted officials are not listed (if an official was acquitted on some counts, and convicted on others, the counts of conviction are listed). Officials convicted of territorial crimes are not listed.
The criminal statute(s) under which the conviction(s) were obtained are noted. If a defendant is convicted of a conspiracy to commit a corruption offense, the substantive offense is listed. Convictions of non-corruption offenses, such as making false statements, perjury, obstruction of justice, electoral fraud, and campaign finance regulations, even if related, are not noted. Nor are derivative convictions, such as tax evasion or money laundering. Officials convicted only of non-corruption offenses are not included on this list, even if indicted on corruption offenses as well. Certain details, including post-conviction relief, if applicable, are included in footnotes. 
The Hobbs Act (enacted 1934), the mail and wire fraud statutes (enacted 1872), including the honest services fraud provision, the Travel Act (enacted 1961), the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) (enacted 1970), and the federal program bribery statute, 18 U.S.C. § 666 (enacted 1984), have been used to prosecute of such officials. These statutes are also applicable to corrupt federal, state, and local officials. The Ninth Circuit has held that the program bribery statute does not apply to Guam.

</doc>
<doc id="36715598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715598" title="Denise Wong">
Denise Wong

Denise Wong is a Canadian actor from Calgary. In 2008, she starred in a production of "Spring Awakening" at Mount Royal University, where she attended as a student. After graduating, she acted in "Offensive Fouls". She also acted in Rogue Theatre's production of "Some Girl(s)" in 2010. In this production, she portrayed Bobbi, a romantic interest of the play's main character. Also in 2010, she acted in Ronin Theatre's production of "Sexual Perversity in Chicago" at the Calgary Fringe Festival. In February 2011, she acted in the premiere of "She Has a Name" in the title role as Number 18. She attested to becoming more emotionally involved in the themes of the play than she had originally anticipated. Louis Hobson of the "Calgary Sun" praised Wong's portrayal of Number 18, saying that even though Wong is an adult, she exudes the vulnerability, youth, and innocence of a child while on stage. Later in 2011, she portrayed Cloris in "These Men" at the Calgary Fringe Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36715601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715601" title="Ascolta il tuo cuore">
Ascolta il tuo cuore

"Ascolta il tuo cuore" is a song written by Vito Mastrofrancesco, Alberto Mastrofrancesco, Charles Cohiba, Cheope and Fabrizio Pausini. It was recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini for her 1996's album "Le cose che vivi" and it was released as the album's third single in February 1997. 
The song was also featured on Pausini's compilation album "", released in 2001. 
A Spanish-language version of the song was also recorded by Pausini for the Hispanic version of the album, "Las cosas que vives", and it was released as a single under the title "Escucha a tu corazón".
The music video for the song was directed by Alberto Colombo.
Live performances.
A live performance of the song, recorded during Pausini's concert at the Mediolanum Forum in Milan in December 2001, was included in Pausini's first live video album, "Live 2001–2002 World Tour".
Pausini also performed "Ascolta il tuo cuore" at the San Siro stadium in Milan on 2 June 2007. This performance was also included in her live album "San Siro 2007".

</doc>
<doc id="36715602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715602" title="Axel Gyntersberg">
Axel Gyntersberg

Axel Gyntersberg (c. 1525 – 1588) was a Norwegian nobleman and feudal overlord. His exact birthplace is not known. He was married to Kirstine Benkestokk, the daughter of overlord and land owner Trond Benkestokk. The couple had ten children, and several of his daughters married into prominent noble families. Gyntersberg was overlord of the Rein Abbey from 1555, and of Bakke Abbey from 1560, and was commander of the Steinvikholm Castle. From 1565 he administrated the Crown's estate Torget in Brønnøy. He died in Kvinnherad in 1588.

</doc>
<doc id="36715605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715605" title="Zivar">
Zivar

Zivar (, also Romanized as Zīvar) is a girl name common in Iran, Greece and East Europe and also a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 27 families. 
The meaning of the name "Zivar" is an ornament of gems, gold, or silver or in general jewelry. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715612" title="Zamanabad, Semnan">
Zamanabad, Semnan

Zamanabad (, also Romanized as Zamānābād; also known as Zabunābād) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 80 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715622" title="1588 in Norway">
1588 in Norway

Events in the year 1588 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36715645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715645" title="2012 International ZO Women's Tournament">
2012 International ZO Women's Tournament

The 2012 International ZO Women's Tournament was held from November 30 to December 2 at the Curling Center Wetzikon in Wetzikon, Switzerland as part of the 2012–13 World Curling Tour. The event was held in a round robin format, and the purse for the event was CHF16,000, of which the winner, Michèle Jäggi, received CHF6,000. Jäggi defeated three-time champion and last year's runner-up Mirjam Ott in the final with a score of 4–3.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Standings.
"Final Round Robin Standings"
Playoffs.
The playoffs draw is listed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36715658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715658" title="Abernathy High School">
Abernathy High School

Abernathy High School is a 2A public high school located in Abernathy, Texas (USA). It is part of the Abernathy Independent School District located in central Hale County. In 2011, the school was rated "Academically Acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Abernathy Antelopes compete in the following sports:
Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Tennis, Track, Golf, Softball & Baseball

</doc>
<doc id="36715667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715667" title="David Hacker">
David Hacker

David Hacker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36715714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715714" title="West Hill Park School">
West Hill Park School

West Hill Park School is an independent, coeducational, day and boarding school for boys and girls aged 2 years and 6 months to 13 years. It is situated close to the Hampshire coast between Southampton and Portsmouth.
History.
West Hill Park School was established in 1920 by Charles Ransome. The school remained family owned until 1959 when it became a Charitable Trust. The school is set in 28 acres in rural Hampshire overlooking the village of Titchfield. This historic village is mentioned in the Domesday Book. The main school building dates back to the 18th Century and was originally the private residence of the influential Delmé family. It was established as a preparatory school in 1920 by Charles Ransome and has continued to this day.
The School Today.
West Hill Park is a non-selective School and does not have formal entrance exam. An informal baseline assessment is carried out during a taster visit.
West Hill Park School is a member of The Boarding Schools' Association, The Independent Association of Prep Schools and The Independent Schools Council.
Early Years.
Children may enter the Early Years Centre during the term in which they become three years old. They move into the Reception Class in the September following their fourth birthday. Children may attend full-time or part-time.
The Prep School.
West Hill Park endeavours to balance academic rigour with preparation for a life of adventure, challenge, responsibility and fun. As a traditional boarding school it builds on the Early Years Foundation Stage and National Curriculum to prepare children for Common Entrance and a wide range of scholarships.
Boarding.
Boarding at West Hill Park is about providing a home from home whether it is for one night, a week or for a term. West Hill Park provides a supportive and caring environment for pupils to spend time with their friends, enjoy a range of activities and trips and increase their independence in preparation for boarding life at Senior School.
Ofsted inspected Boarding, health and welfare provision in June 2010. The report gives Boarding at West Hill Park an overall quality rating of ‘outstanding' which is defined as ‘of exceptionally high quality'. Health care, catering and the strong leadership of the school were specifically mentioned. The Boarding ethos of the school is described as professional but also relaxed, open and homely with an emphasis placed on respecting each other and showing courtesy and manners to everyone. The full report is available here Ofstead Social Care Report 2010
The Boarding Welfare Intermediate Inspection took place in November 2013, the full report is available here Boarding Welfare Intermediate Inspection 2013
Boarding has to be appealing to children and at West Hill Park boarding is very much based on feeling happy and safe, and having a lot of fun. There is firm
but fair routine, time set aside for study, music practice and quiet relaxation as well as regular fun nights and special weekend activities.
Saturday Mornings.
The 'activity based' Saturday encourages pupils from Years 3 - 8 to attend Saturday school. The format of Saturday mornings is much less formal, uniform is not necessary on most Saturdays. (Saturday mornings count towards the mandatory statutory number of hours that a child must spend in school.)
Two activity slots of ninety minutes give the opportunity to offer activities off-site, (e.g. sailing or fishing) as well as a varied programme of pre-seasonal sports training, play rehearsals, art and design projects, bush craft and other outdoor pursuits. In the appropriate terms, there will be time for subject extension work, specialist revision sessions, scholarship and exam preparation. Parents are also encoured with the usual safeguarding procedures in place) to share their passions and skills with the children by becoming involved in activities.
Selection of Saturday Activities

</doc>
<doc id="36715724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715724" title="Rencontre avec le dragon">
Rencontre avec le dragon

Rencontre avec le dragon is a French film directed by Hélène Angel. 
Synopsis.
Guillaume de Montauban is a knight who travels the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36715756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715756" title="Ralph Richards">
Ralph Richards

Ralph Richards (November 2, 1809 Weathersfield, Windsor County, Vermont – February 23, 1883) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Eli Richards (1778–1858) and Amanda Richards. In 1813, the family removed to Hampton, Washington County, New York. Ralph Richards became a school teacher. He married Harriet Leland (c.1820–1847), and they had a daughter who died aged 7 years. On January 12, 1848, he married Mary Richardson (born 1820), and they had several children.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Washington Co., 2nd D.) in 1858; and of the New York State Senate (12th D.) in 1862 and 1863.
He was buried at the Hampton Flats Cemetery in Hampton.

</doc>
<doc id="36715762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715762" title="Frustberg">
Frustberg

The Frustberg, also known as the Tiefbrunn House, is a former property and a baroque brick manor house in the Hamburg borough of Groß Borstel. The property became a summer residence for wealthy Hamburg citizens from 1651. The current house was built in the early 18th century by the cloth merchant Eybert Tiefbrunn, and his coat of arms is still found over the main entrance door, with the year 1703 inscribed. The building is a rare example of a baroque brick building from the era. In the 19th century, the property included an estate of 605 hectare (6050 decare) land, and the manor house was surrounded by 7 hectare (70 decare) park.
From 1793 to 1823, the manor house was owned by the Berenberg/Gossler banking family and was well-known as a meeting place of Hamburg high society with many famous regular guests such as Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher and Philipp Otto Runge. It served as the summer residence of Elisabeth Gossler née Berenberg, the matriarch of the family. Her, at that time deceased, husband was Johann Hinrich Gossler, a great-grandson of Eybert Tiefbrunn, for whom the house was built a century earlier.
In 1823, the Gossler family sold the property to Wilhelm Schröder, who was married to Salomon Heine's eldest daughter Fanny. Their grandson Otto Nanne owned the property from 1872 to 1906, when he sold it to the factory owner August Herbst. Due to financial difficulties, Herbst sold the property to the Hamburg government in 1928–29. Since 1937, the manor house has been listed as a cultural heritage site. The park had by 1957 been reduced to 4800 m². The manor house was officially given the name "Stavenhagenhaus" in honour of the poet Fritz Stavenhagen in 1962, with a ceremony presided over by Helmut Schmidt. However, Stavenhagen has no association with the house's history and the building is also referred to as the "Frustberg" or as the "Tiefbrunn House". The name "Gossler House" has also been used. The building is used for cultural events such as concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="36715764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715764" title="Apollo Chorus of Chicago">
Apollo Chorus of Chicago

The Apollo Chorus of Chicago is a volunteer choir in Chicago. The current music director is Stephen Alltop.
History.
Founded shortly after the Great Chicago Fire in 1872 as the "Apollo Music Club", it is the oldest volunteer choir in the United States. The ensemble performs Handel's "Messiah" every year, and has since the year 1879. They released a recording of the complete Messiah in 2006.
In 1892, Apollo Chorus performed the Hallelujah Chorus from Messiah at the World's Columbian Exhibition in Chicago.
In addition to "Messiah", the Chorus performs other works such as Verdi's "Requiem", Karl Orff's "Carmina Burana", and Bach's "Mass in B Minor". The group also performs numerous community events in the Chicagoland area.
In recent years, the Apollo Chorus has performed with artists such as Jackie Evancho and Josh Groban, and was featured on Oprah Winfrey's final show. 

</doc>
<doc id="36715766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715766" title="2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Rainer Schüttler was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Robin Söderling won the tournament, beating Xavier Malisse 6–2, 3–6, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36715775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715775" title="Alan Eskander">
Alan Eskander

Alan Eskander (born 1975) is an Australian entrepreneur and licenced bookmaker who together with his father, Michael Eskander, founded the successful Australian bookmaking company Betstar in 2007. Eskander currently resides in Melbourne, though travels to the Northern Territory (of Australia) for business.
Personal life.
Eskander was exposed at an early aged to the life of bookmaking through his father’s business activities. Eskander’s father, Michael, immigrated to Australia from Egypt in 1966, earning his bookmaking licence in 1984, and subsequently going on to become a prominent name in the Australian bookmaking industry.
Eskander spent much of his childhood at the race track and betting ring, learning lessons that would later inform his career on the track.
Talking about early life as a bookmaker’s son, and of the nature of the industry in general, Eskander recounts: “You can’t get too excited when you have really big days and similarly you try not to get too upset when you have losing days but obviously anything outside the norm does impact your mood. And so yeah, there were some times when we had plans to go out for dinner on a Saturday night and Dad would come home and go, ‘listen guys, [we’ll] just stay at home, it’s been a rough day.”
Career.
Early Days.
Eskander’s first practical introduction to bookmaking came from working as a clerk for his father’s booking making business at the age of 18, while studying Commerce at university.
While this would eventually shape the future to come, Eskander initially viewed this more as a means to pay his way through his degree. Says Eskander: “It was just a great part time job. I worked with Dad, I was a clerk,” he says. “Working on the racetrack is dynamic and exciting.” 
Receiving his first bookmaker’s license in 1997, Eskander started fielding country race tracks before being granted his Metropolitan rails licence in 2000, during his final year at university.
After working for some years with his father, and with his Metropolitan bookmaking license behind him, Eskander began operating on his own as a bookmaker in Victoria at country race meetings. “I was trading as a sole proprietor under my own name, Dad was trading under his name and we paralleled and it was fine.” recalls Eskander.
The Eskander family name has become synonymous with racing and bookmaking in Australia with Alan’s sister, Lisa, also a licensed bookmaker.
As testament to Eskander’s early acumen on the racetrack, he obtained recognition as having accepted millions of dollars in bets during the Melbourne Spring Racing Carnival and the Sydney Autumn Carnival, prior to forming corporate booking making company Eskander’s Betstar with his father, Michael.
Forming Betstar.
Combining 40 years of bookmaking experience on racing and sports across Australia, Eskander, along with father and long-time bookmaking bastion, Michael, formed Eskander’s Betstar in 2006, a Corporate Bookmaking operation licensed and based in Melbourne and Darwin.
In 2009, Betsar had the honour of being named as a BRW Fast 100 company for 2009. During Eskander’s acceptance of the award, he reflected on the success of Betstar to date as being a result of “good old fashioned service”.
Said Eskander at the time, "The bookmaking industry is highly competitive so you need to look after your members, we often get feedback that dealing with Betstar is like dealing with a good mate which is a stark contrast to the 'next please' service offered by some of our competitors." 
Betstar has quickly grown to become one of Australia’s most reputable corporate bookmakers, offering markets on sports, racing and entertainment on events around the world. Currently, Betstar is the only family owned Australian corporate bookmaker left in the market. For this reason, Betstar tends to be patriotic in its advertising without being over the top, promoting the fact that profits stay in Australia rather than get siphoned off overseas.
Alan's opinion is respected in the media and he is often a guest on 3AW's Sports Today as well as his opinions represented on their website. He has featured on other radio stations, including the Bet Stars and Stripes show which runs on SEN's 'All Night Appetite' and has featured on an ABC report into NRL betting.

</doc>
<doc id="36715776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715776" title="Cristóbal Colón metro station">
Cristóbal Colón metro station

Cristóbal Colón is an underground metro station on the Line 4 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. This station is named for Cristóbal Colón Avenue, which in turn was named after Cristóbal Colón.

</doc>
<doc id="36715778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715778" title="Plastic Omnium">
Plastic Omnium

Plastic Omnium is an international company specialised in the manufacturing and commercialisation of plastics.
History.
Plastic Omnium was founded by Pierre Burelle in 1946. It began making plastic steering columns for Renault, but soon extended its supply contracts to other carmakers in France and abroad. In 1995, it made a tender offer for its most important rival in the French industry, Reydel, and then acquired it from its major stakeholder Compagnie Financière de Turenne. Today Plastic Omnium has 103 plants and is present in more than 28 countries.
Divisions.
Plastic Omnium Automobile.
The automotive division is composed of two main enterprises, Plastic Omnium Auto Exterior and Inergy Automotive Systems. The first provides external plastic elements (thermoplastic and composite) for cars, like bumpers and energy absorption systems, fender and front-end modules. The second provides fuel tanks. In 2011, Inergy purchased the Ford Motor Company's fuel tank manufacturer in United States, Visteon, and became its sixth world provider in scale for that parts. Plastic Omnium a supplier to the automotive industry. The company has plans to introduce more composite materials to reduce the weight of their pieces and gain market advantage.
Plastic Omnium Environnement.
This centers on waste containerization, urban and road signage and urban planning. Its products include wheeled bins; underground, semi-underground, and aboveground containers; voluntary waste drop-off receptacles and data management systems; equipment for community-use area; urban signage solutions ; and road signage solutions, as well as sorted waste services. Plastic Omnium Systemes Urbains in 2012 won its first major contract for its line of sustainable products, when Rio de Janeiro requested the provision of wheeled rubbish bins made with plant-based polyethylene derived from sugar cane.
Company's share structure.
According to Plastic Omnium, at the end of 2011 55.1 percent of it was owned by the parent company, Burelle, 1.6 by the employees, 8,7 was Treasury stock and a 34.6 was for public trade.

</doc>
<doc id="36715783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715783" title="List of United States local officials convicted of federal corruption offenses">
List of United States local officials convicted of federal corruption offenses

This is a list of notable United States local officials convicted of federal public corruption offenses for conduct while in office. The list is organized by office. Non-notable officials, such as sewer inspectors and zoning commissioners, are not included on this list, although they are routinely prosecuted for the same offenses. Acquitted officials are not listed (if an official was acquitted on some counts, and convicted on others, the counts of conviction are listed). Officials convicted of state crimes are not listed.
The criminal statute(s) under which the conviction(s) were obtained are noted, as are the names of notable investigations or scandals, if applicable. If a defendant is convicted of a conspiracy to commit a corruption offense, the substantive offense is listed. Convictions of non-corruption offenses, such as making false statements, perjury, obstruction of justice, electoral fraud, and campaign finance regulations, even if related, are not noted. Nor are derivative convictions, such as tax evasion or money laundering. Officials convicted only of non-corruption offenses are not included on this list, even if indicted on corruption offenses as well. Certain details, including post-conviction relief, if applicable, are included in footnotes.
The Hobbs Act (enacted 1934), the mail and wire fraud statutes (enacted 1872), including the honest services fraud provision, the Travel Act (enacted 1961), the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) (enacted 1970), and the federal program bribery statute, 18 U.S.C. § 666 (enacted 1984), permit the prosecution of such officials. These statutes are also applicable to corrupt federal officials. In addition, federal officials are subject to the federal bribery, graft, and conflict-of-interest crimes contained in Title 18, Chapter 11 of the United States Code, 18 U.S.C. §§ 201–227, which do not apply to state and local officials.

</doc>
<doc id="36715796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715796" title="Goji Electronics">
Goji Electronics

Goji Electronics, Inc. is a producer of computer, smartphone, audio products and equipment headquartered in Hemel Hempstead, United Kingdom. The audio division of the company was founded by grime artist and entrepreneur Tinchy Stryder and DSG International plc president Lord Kalms, and primarily produces products under the brand "Goji Tinchy Stryder".
Since the inception of Goji, its products have been distributed by DSG International plc. The collaboration between DSG International and Kwasi Danquah III leads to an expansion of Goji Electronics into the headphones and audio equipment market.
Stryder, Lord Kalms and DSG International plc all own shares in Goji.
History.
The company was founded in December 2011, and debuted its first product, consumer electronics accessories, in early 2012. Goji Electronics inception was made with DSG International plc granted exclusive rights to manufacture and develop Goji-branded products. With DSG International handling production of the products, Lord Kalms and Kwasi Danquah III are free to handle promoting the new line. Goji intends to primarily rely on celebrity endorsements, particularly by popular professional athletes, popular musicians, to help market the line to a demographic of fashion-conscious young men and women.
In June 2012, Goji Electronics expanded it products into the lifestyle, music technology, travel – and with audio equipment. The Goji accessories for computers and smartphones were also expanded in June 2012, inline with the introduction of Danquah's headphones and audio equipment products. The percentage of stakes between the shareholders of Goji Electronics are not disclosed.
On August 10, 2012, "Goji On Cloud 9" audio equipment and "Goji Tinchy Stryder" headphones were distributed by over 600 retailers in the United Kingdom, by DSG International plc subsidiaries in Europe, and globally by DSG International owned Pixmania.
Products.
The original product line of Goji were consumer electronics such as tablet computer, netbook and smartphone accessories. The headphones and audio equipment product line of Goji were introduced as "Goji Tinchy Stryder" headphones and "Goji On Cloud 9" audio.
Tinchy Stryder provides creative direction on the development of the 'Goji Tinchy Stryder: On Cloud 9' product range, encompassing headphones, travel speakers and audio equipment, and outlined in promotional materials that with current headphones, the look and pricing of headphones are not as flexible in value as people would like, and with Goji, its looks, audio quality, pricing and value flexibility will make Goji headphones and audio products a serious contender in the overall music technology market. Kwasi Danquah III added: "Goji Electronics has been the perfect partner for me to work with on this project – the team I'm working with are amazing and we clicked right from the start. I couldn't wait to get the products out there as I’m sure people are going to love the sound – which it was really important to me that we got right – and the design of the goods too".
Inline with Goji headphones and audio equipment, it has also plans to license the Goji-brand and technology to other major information technology and automotive manufacturers. Goji Electronics planned to begin offering personal computers and tablet computer equipped with "Goji On Cloud 9 Audio" systems, which will feature advanced technological characteristics and software.
Following the expansion of accessories for computers, tablet computers, laptops and smartphones in June 2012, Goji Electronics along with a future release of personal computers and tablet computers equipped with "Goji On Cloud 9 Audio" systems, also planned to begin releasing smartphones enabled with a "Goji On Cloud 9 Audio" technology in collaboration with major telecommunications equipment manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="36715800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715800" title="Al-Muhasan">
Al-Muhasan

Al-Muhasan (, also spelled al-Mohassan or Almu Hasan) is a town in eastern Syria, administratively part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate, located along the Euphrates River, south of Deir ez-Zor and 120 kilometers west of the border with Iraq. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Muhasan had a population of 9,501 in the 2004 census.
In the early 1950s the Syrian Communist Party began gaining support in several Arab and Sunni Muslim towns in the country, including Muhasan which came to be locally known as "Little Moscow," in reference to capital of the former Soviet Union. In the summer of 1953 the peasant tribesmen of the al-Aqaydat tribe initiated resistance against the encroachments of a regionally powerful mercantile clan specializing in the grain trade, money lending and gas pumps and having one of their own as Minister of Agriculture. Under guidance from communist teachers in Deir ez-Zor and local communist activists from the town's primary school, the peasant "musha" ("collective farming") landholders formed a public company and purchased two gas pumps and two tractors with domestically raised funds, thereby ending their dependence on the wealthy clan.

</doc>
<doc id="36715804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715804" title="Pomponio Cecci">
Pomponio Cecci

Pomponio Cecci (died 1542) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
A native of Rome, Pomponio Cecci, he studied science, philosophy, and astronomy. He was a canon of the cathedral chapter of the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran.
On August 12, 1538, he was elected Bishop of Orte e Civita Castellana. He was transferred to the Diocese of Nepi-Sutri on November 24, 1539. He also served as Vicar-General of Rome from 1540 to 1542.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of June 2, 1542. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Ciriaco alle Terme Diocleziane on June 12, 1542.
He died in Rome on August 4, 1542. He is buried in the family chapel in the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran.

</doc>
<doc id="36715807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715807" title="Inminban">
Inminban

Inminban (人民班, "inmin ban" meaning "neighbourhood units" or "people's units") is a Neighbourhood Watch-like form of cooperative local organization in North Korea. No North Korean person exists outside the inminban system: everyone is a member.
History.
The inminban network was established by the late 1960s. Every North Korean woman who doesn't have a full-time job is required to participate in inminban activities, which include cleaning public toilets, tidying up the neighbourhood, manufacturing small items at home, and occasionally going to the countryside to do agricultural work. This made women without jobs nearly as busy as those with jobs, and was said to contribute to high female participation in the North Korea workforce. In the late 60s employed North Korean women received a 700 gram ration of rice daily, where women who participated in inminban instead of having a job received just 300 grams. 
Structure.
A typical inminban consists of 25-50 families and is defined by residential proximity. For example, an inminban might consist of all families sharing a common staircase in a large apartment building. Each inminban is headed by an official, usually a middle-aged woman, known as inminbanjang (people's unit head). She will ordinarily receive a small stipend for her work from the state, as well as additional food rations. 
The inminban system is not formally part of the North Korean security apparatus, but supports it. All inminban members are responsible for monitoring each other for criminal activity or political disobedience. The inminbanjang meets regularly with party authorities, and reports misbehaviour to them. The local district office people’s committee (洞事務所人民委員會) oversees her work and passes down to her Workers' Party of Korea directives. 
Some scholars say that the North Korean economic crisis and subsequent famine of the 1990s has left North Korea unable to compensate functionaries such as inminbanjang, reducing their incentive to help the state maintain social control. Inminbanjang are said to still be an important support to the North Korean security apparatus, but perhaps less motivated and diligent than they used to be.

</doc>
<doc id="36715808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715808" title="Advanced Cyclotron Systems">
Advanced Cyclotron Systems

Advanced Cyclotron Systems, Inc. (ACSI) is a company based in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada that supplies and services cyclotrons predominately used for the production of medical isotopes by hospitals for nuclear medicine. The company was a spin-off of the research program at TRIUMF. The machines are used for the production of isotopes used in Positron emission tomography (PET), Single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) or production of technetium-99 for molecular imaging. ACSI controls approximately half the world market for such machines,
Three models of cyclotrons are offered:

</doc>
<doc id="36715818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715818" title="Armandinho (fado guitarist)">
Armandinho (fado guitarist)

Armando Augusto Freire, known as Armandinho or Armando Freire (11 October 1891 - 21 December 1946) was a Portuguese fado guitarist and composer.
American travel writer Lawton McCaul in a 1931 book "Portugal For Two" was the first foreign writer to give an account of Armandinho's performances, but by this time Armandinho was already legendary in Portugal.
He was known for playing on the 12-string portuguese guitar (), and considered as one of the heirs of the fado tradition of Petrolino (Luís Carlos da Silva, who recorded just once in 1904).

</doc>
<doc id="36715882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715882" title="Michael Quinn (paralympian)">
Michael Quinn (paralympian)

Michael Mike Quinn is an Australian Paralympic athletics, swimming and snooker competitor.
In 1972, at the age of 19, a car accident left him a quadriplegic. Before the accident, he played in the Brisbane schoolboy rugby union team and was junior belt champion for the Bribie Island Surf Life Saving Club. While he was in hospital, Roy Fowler, an Australian Paralympian was in the bed next to him having his kidney removed. Fowler encouraged him to stay involved in sport. Nine months after the accident, he was competing in wheelchair sports events.
He competed at the 1984 Stoke Mandeville Games in athletics and swimming. He won a silver medal in the athletics Men's 4 x 200 m 1A-1C and bronze medals in athletics Men's 4 x 100m Relay 1A-1C, Men's Slalom IB, and swimming Men's 3 x 25m Freestyle Relay 1A-1C. After the Games, he dedicated himself to snooker as it was the only sport that allowed him to compete against able-bodied people. He competed in snooker at the 1988 Seoul Paralympics. In 1992, he was selected in the first Australian wheelchair rugby team to compete in an international tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36715886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715886" title="140th Georgia General Assembly">
140th Georgia General Assembly

The 140th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 139th and served as the precedent for the 141st General Assembly in 1991. The 140th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 9, 1989, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="36715899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715899" title="Francisco Bilbao metro station">
Francisco Bilbao metro station

Francisco Bilbao is an underground metro station on the Line 4 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It is located under the intersection of Tobalaba Avenue and Francisco Bilbao Avenue. The latter avenue, which is named after Francisco Bilbao, gives its name to the station.

</doc>
<doc id="36715905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715905" title="2013 Edmonton Rush season">
2013 Edmonton Rush season

The Edmonton Rush are a lacrosse team based in Edmonton playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2013 season was the 8th in franchise history. 
After making the Championship game in 2012, the Rush started the 2013 season with only a single win in their first five games. They won 7 of their next 8 games to improve to 8-5, tied for first in the division. Losses to division rivals Colorado and Calgary dropped the Rush to 3rd place and they faced the second place Washington Stealth in the first round of the playoffs.
But the Stealth ended any thoughts the Rush had of returning to the Championship game, winning 12-11 in the division semi-finals.
Game log.
Reference: 
Transactions.
Trades.
"*Later traded to the Minnesota Swarm"
Entry Draft.
The 2012 NLL Entry Draft took place on October 1, 2012. The Rush made the following selections:

</doc>
<doc id="36715920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715920" title="Polish Braille">
Polish Braille

Polish Braille ("alfabet Braille'a") is a braille alphabet for writing the Polish language. It is based on international braille conventions, with the following extensions:
That is, for letters of the first and second decade of the braille script (a, c, e, l, n, s), a diacritic is written as dot 6, and any dot 3 is removed (or, equivalently, is moved to position 6)—that is, the base letter is moved to the fourth decade. For letters of the third decade (u, y, z), which already have a dot 6, the derivation is a mirror image. "Ó" is derived from "u", which is how it is pronounced (also, the mirror image of "o" is already taken). Several of these conventions are used in Lithuanian Braille.
Alphabet.
The full alphabet is thus:
Print digraphs in "z" are written as two letters in braille as well: "cz", "rz", "sz".
External links.
[http://www.mossak.webd.pl/braille] Braille Translator on-line( Conversion of typed text on the Braille characters, full of Polish notation.)

</doc>
<doc id="36715953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715953" title="Red (Taylor Swift album)">
Red (Taylor Swift album)

Red is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 22, 2012, by Big Machine Records, as the follow-up to her third studio album, "Speak Now" (2010). It was announced through Swift's live webchat on August 13, 2012, in which she also revealed the album title and cover. Four promotional singles were released in the month leading up to the album release, three of which debuted inside the top ten of the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The album features collaborations with producers and guest artists such as Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol and Ed Sheeran and sees Swift experimenting with new musical genres. Swift completed The Red Tour in support of the album on June 12, 2014.
"Red" received generally positive reviews, with music critics praising Swift's versatility as a musician and her experiments with new music genres, straying from her usual country sounds. Swift has received awards and nominations for "Red". At the 56th Grammy Awards, "Red" was nominated for Best Country Album and Album of the Year, marking Swift's second nomination for Album of the Year at the Grammys, following her 2010 victory with "Fearless" (2008).
The album sold 1.21 million copies in its first week in the US, debuting at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, the second-highest debut for a female artist, behind "Oops!... I Did It Again" (2000) by Britney Spears. It has also spent 16 non-consecutive weeks at No. 1 on "Billboard"'s Country Albums chart as of mid-March 2013. "Red" became Swift's first chart-topper in the UK, and also topped the album charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland and New Zealand. The album sold 1.89 million copies in its first three weeks, surpassing One Direction's "Up All Night" as the second biggest-selling album of the year in the US. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), "Red" had sold 5.2 million copies worldwide as of December 2012, making it the second best-selling album of that year globally, behind Adele's "21" (2011).
Background and release.
On August 13, 2012, Swift gave a live webchat to over 72,500 viewers, in which she answered fan questions, previewed the lead single, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", and announced her fourth album's title as "Red", as well as its release date. Swift also revealed the meaning behind her album's title:
"All the different emotions that are written about on this album are all pretty much about the kind of tumultuous, crazy, insane, intense, semi-toxic relationships that I’ve experienced in the last two years. All those emotions — spanning from intense love, intense frustration, jealousy, confusion, all of that — in my mind, all those emotions are red. You know, there’s nothing in between. There’s nothing beige about any of those feelings."
During the live webchat, she also revealed that she wrote more than 30 songs for the album, of which she included 16 for the album and expressed that dysfunctional relationships can provide a lot of inspiration. Contrary to her previous self-written album "Speak Now" (2010), Swift enlisted the help of several of her favorite songwriters. In an interview with MTV News, the singer revealed that the album "is interesting because each song stands on its own. It's this patchwork quilt of different sounds and different emotions, and I don't think anything on the record sounds like We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together". She also previewed songs from the album on "Good Morning America" every Monday, beginning on September 24 until October 15. Swift performed on October 22 for the album's release, and the next day, she performed a live concert on the same show. According to the singer she had spent over two years with the recording process, writing and preparation for the album. Sarah Barlow shot the album's cover, which shows Swift's face, particularly her red lipstick. The standard and deluxe versions of the album were released on October 22, 2012 in Italy, New Zealand, the United States, among others. A karaoke version of the album was also released on February 5, 2013 on the iTunes Store, which includes the instrumental version from all tracks of its standard version.
Critical response.
"Red" has received generally positive reviews from music critics. On Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews and ratings from mainstream critics, the album received a metascore of 77, based on 23 reviews. Melissa Maerz of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a (B+) and wrote that "Red" finds her singing about walking directly into traffic wading into quicksand and flirting with the kinds of jerks Kanye West might toast to" and closed the review saying that the album might be about flirting with danger." "The Guardian" was also very positive on the album, gave it four-stars-out-of-five and wrote: ""Red" was allegedly inspired by her experience of love and its fast-paced, crazy adventures, how she's had time to open her door to such a parade of lovers good and bad, God only knows." Jon Dolan from "Rolling Stone" found some influences on the album such as Joni Mitchell and U2, rated it three-and-half-stars out of five and said: "her self-discovery project is one of the best stories in pop. When she's really on, her songs are like tattoos." "Billboard" gave a very positive review to the album, called it "her most interesting full-length to date" and said that ""Red" puts Swift the artist front and center with big, beefy hooks that transcend her country roots for a genre-spanning record that reaches heights unseen since Shania Twain's "Up!"."
Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic stated that "Although she can still seem a little gangly in her lyrical details -- her relationship songs are too on the nose and she has an odd obsession about her perceived persecution by the cool kids -- these details hardly undermine the pristine pop confections surrounding them. If anything, these ungainly, awkward phrasings humanizes this mammoth pop monolith: she's constructed something so precise its success seems preordained, but underneath it all, Taylor is still twitchy, which makes "Red" not just catchy but compelling." Robert Christgau praised the album by saying that he likes the feisty ones, and complimented that "Begin Again" and "Stay Stay Stay" stay happy and hit as hard. Michael Gallucci of "The A.V. Club" said "Lyrically, it's the same path Swift has walked since her 2006 debut, just deeper and a little darker. But musically, it's bigger and bolder than anything she's ever done in the pop world." however saying "It's magnificent at times, but it's also complicated and sometimes unfocused". He dismissed the duets as boring, however, praising "State of Grace" and "All Too Well" as "occasionally fascinating work".
"Spin" positively said "Whatever it is, this music is full of adult pleasures, even if the most explicit image Swift offers is of an ex-boyfriend sniffing her scarf because it smells like her. On "Red" — the color of blood and lipstick and fire and Southern dirt and hearts and conservatism and tractors and communism and sin, this last a word whose charged valence here might discomfit know-it-alls who would never use it without scare quotes — Swift's too smart and tuneful to condescend to her contradictions. Or to yours." The "Los Angeles Times" praised the album by saying the "versatility is the album's most striking characteristic" and "By setting rural music alongside more 'urban' sounds of the moment, Swift is arguably just responding to a pop world in which country singles might please her base, but certainly doesn't expand it. But that's the cynic's view, and Swift on "Red" has little time for cynicism. Rather, she's striving for something much more grand and accomplished." Slant Magazine was critical, but said "While songs like "All Too Well" and "Treacherous" prove how adept Swift is at expressing genuine insights into complex relationship dynamics, there are also a handful of songs that lack her usual spark. Still, if "Red" is ultimately too uneven to be a truly great pop album, its highlights are career-best work for Swift, who now sounds like the pop star she was destined to be all along."
Accolades.
"Red" was included on many year-end best-of lists. The album appeared at the runner-up spot on "Associated Press" and Idolator, with the latter saying that ""Red" showcased abilities marvelously, in finely hewn details, the most varied production styles of her career and storytelling that remains as emotionally ass-whooping as any artist with her reach." Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" also ranked "Red" No.2 on his top ten albums list, stating that "[Swift goes Day-Glo on the most unexpected moments of this album, her fourth and the first that stops pretending she's anything but a pop megastar." MTV ranked "Red" No. 3, stating that "Swift takes tremendous strides towards becoming a genuine artist, the kind equally adept at penning heartbreakers." The album appeared at No. 5 on "Billboard"'s top ten best albums of 2012, saying that ""Red" will likely be remembered for its sonic risks, with the pop of "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" and the dubstep wobbles of "I Knew You Were Trouble" pushing the country star out of her comfort zone." "The Daily Beast" writer Marlow Stern ranked the album at No.&nbps;7, calling it "an uneven LP that nonetheless contains a diverse array of infectious tunes." while Glenn Gamboa of "Newsday" ranked the album No.&nbps;6, stating that Taylor "comes out as a full-fledged pop superstar." "Red" also ranked at No. 10 on both "The Salt Lake Tribune" and HitFix. "Rolling Stone" ranked the album 31st on their album list. Songs from the album have received Grammy Award nominations. "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" was nominated for Record of the Year at the 55th Grammy Awards, but lost to "Somebody That I Used to Know" by Gotye and Kimbra. "Begin Again" received a Best Country Song nomination at the 56th Grammy Awards. Red also received nominations for Album of the Year and Best Country Album at the 56th Grammy Awards.
Commercial performance.
North America.
"Red" was a huge commercial success. In the United States, "Red" became the fastest-selling album in over a decade after selling 1.21 million copies in its first week, and earned Swift her third No. 1 album on the "Billboard" 200. "Red" has the second highest first week sum by a female artist, only behind Britney Spears' "Oops!... I Did It Again" (2000), which opened with 1.3 million units. "Red" had the biggest sales week in 2012 and outsold the top 52 albums in the "Billboard" 200 on its first week. It has also the biggest one week sales for a country album beating Garth Brooks' "Double Live" which sold 1.085 million copies in 1998. "Red" sold 465,000 digital copies in its first week in the US, which is the second biggest after Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" (2011). It sold around 1.459 million copies worldwide in its first week of sales. In its second week on the "Billboard" 200, the album remained at No. 1 and sold 344,000 copies (down 72%). Next week "Red" held atop the "Billboard" 200 and sold a further 196,000 copies (down 43%) which brought its sales to 1.749 million, thus ranking the third biggest selling album of 2012 behind Adele's "21" and One Direction's "Up All Night". The album was dethroned by One Direction's "Take Me Home" on its fourth week. In its seventh week, "Red" climbed back to No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 selling 167,000 and with that, Swift is now tied with Jay-Z and Whitney Houston for fourth most-weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking in 1991.
Swift held the "Billboard" 200 top spot the next two weeks, thus making Swift as the first artist since The Beatles in 1969 to log six or more weeks at No. 1 with three consecutive studio albums, following "Fearless" (eleven weeks) and "Speak Now" (six weeks). Also, this is the third time that Swift has had the No.&nbps;1 album in the last week before Christmas, which is traditionally the most competitive week of the year. She also achieved the feat with "Fearless" in 2008 and "Speak Now" in 2010. "Red" spent its seventh non-consecutive week at No. 1 in the sales week ending Dec 30, 2012, selling 241,000 (down 12%). This gave Swift a total of 24 weeks atop the "Billboard" 200 throughout her career, tying her with Adele as the woman with most weeks at No. 1 since SoundScan began tabulating the "Billboard" 200 in May 1991. "Red" finished 2012 as the second biggest album despite being out for only two months, selling 3.11 million. It makes the fourth time she has an album ranked in the year's top three sellers. 
, the album has sold 4,032,000 copies in the US.
In Canada, "Red" ranks Swift's third No. 1 album as well selling 93,000 copies on its debut week and has easily crossed the Platinum certification in the country. With that sales, "Red" became the biggest one week sales in Canada since Michael Bublé's "Christmas" moved 107,000 copies last Christmas season of 2011 and the biggest first week sales since 2008. To date, "Red" has been certified triple platinum by Music Canada with shipments exceeding 240,000 copies.
Europe and Oceania.
"Red" was also commercially successful outside the United States. In the United Kingdom, Swift garnered her first No. 1 album with "Red" with sales of 61,000 copies on its opening week. In Australia, the album debuted at No. 1 and spent a total of three consecutive weeks at the top, becoming Swift's longest running No. 1 album in Australia; "Red" has already been certified double platinum by the ARIA with shipments of 140,000 copies. In New Zealand, the album also became Swift's third No. 1 album, and has been certified platinum by the RIANZ. Worldwide, Swift set a new worldwide iTunes Store record for highest ever first-week album sales with 566,000 copies sold digitally around the globe. Later, this record was beat by Justin Timberlake's album "The 20/20 Experience" (580,000 copies during its first week). The album has sold over six million copies worldwide.
Promotion.
Singles.
The album's lead single, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" was released on August 13 and has since became Swift's first No. 1 single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song's jump from its debut position No. 72 to No. 1 was the result of a massive digital demand on the song. With 623,000 downloads, the song placed second among all-time best week sales singles, behind Flo Rida's 2009 hit "Right Round." It stayed at No. 1 for three non-consecutive weeks, being displaced twice at the top, first by "Flo Rida's "Whistle" and second by Maroon 5's "One More Night". The song stayed at the top ten for thirteen weeks and charted for a total of twenty-four weeks. In UK, it peaked at No. 4, giving her her first top ten hit since "Love Story" (2008) and the song became her first No. 1 song in New Zealand. As of December 2012, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" has sold more than three million downloads in the US.
"Begin Again" was released to the iTunes Store on September 25, 2012 as part of a countdown to the album release. A few hours after its early release to iTunes, it shot to No. 1, thereby becoming the first single to dethrone Psy's "Gangnam Style" in a week. The song sold 299,000 digital copies in its first week of release and debuted at No. 7 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart dated October 4, 2012. It was later announced that the track, would be serviced to country radio on October 1, 2012 as the second single from the album. The song became her seventeenth consecutive top ten hit in US "Billboard" Hot Country Songs, but also tied with "Fearless" as her lowest-charting single on the said chart although it reached No. 3 on "Billboard" Country Airplay.
"I Knew You Were Trouble" was released as the second international single from "Red" on November 14, 2012 in UK. In the US, it was released on November 27, 2012 as the third single. The song debuted at No. 3 on "Billboard" Hot 100 with 416,000 copies sold in its first week, Swift's second largest first week singles sales. It became Swift's fourteenth top ten hit and her eleventh song to debut inside the top ten. With sales of 416,000 from "I Knew You Were Trouble", Swift became the first artist in digital history to have two songs that debuted with sales of 400,000 or more copies. In its eleventh week, it sold a massive sum of 582,000 in the US, making it the fourth biggest digital sales week of all time. It caused the song to re-peak at No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "I Knew You Were Trouble" became a commercial success, selling over three million copies in the US and reaching No. 1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay and "Billboard" Pop Songs, and also reached the top ten in ten countries.
"22" was released as the fourth single from "Red". It was sent to Australian radio on February 4, 2013. It was released in the United States on March 12, 2013. The music video was released on YouTube on March 13, 2013. The song was released in the United Kingdom on April 1, 2013. It peaked at No.&nbps;20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming the first single from "Red" to miss the top ten. As of May 2013, the song has sold 1,000,000 copies in the United States.
"Red", the album's title track, was released to Country radio on June 24, 2013 as the third Country single. The song debuted at No. 6 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and at No. 2 on the Hot Digital Songs chart selling 312,000 in its first week. It also debuted at No. 2 on the Hot Country Songs chart, behind Swift's "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together". As of May 2013, the song has sold 1,000,000 copies in the United States.
"Everything Has Changed", which features British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, was released as the fourth international single as well as the fourth U.S. Pop/Mainstream single on July 16, 2013.
"The Last Time", featuring Snow Patrol lead vocalist Gary Lightbody, was later confirmed as the fifth international single and seventh overall from "Red". A UK release was announced as of October 13, 2013, and it subsequently impacted UK contemporary hit radio on November 4, 2013. The release of the single coincides with the announcement of the dates for the European leg of her international Red Tour.
Promotional singles.
During the four weeks preceding the release of "Red", one track was released each week digitally on the iTunes Store after a preview of it had been heard on "Good Morning America". The first of the four promotional singles is "Begin Again", which was released digitally on iTunes on September 25, 2012. "Red" is the second promotional single off the album, and became available for download on October 2, 2012. "Red" debuted at No. 6 on the Hot 100 with sales of 312,000. "I Knew You Were Trouble" is the third promotional single off the album, and became available for download on October 9, 2012. The fourth and final promotional single is "State of Grace", which became available for download on October 16, 2012. Each of them reached No. 1 on iTunes and the top 15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, with "I Knew You Were Trouble" having the highest peak at No. 2 as Swift's 14th top 10 song. With sales of 416,000 from "I Knew You Were Trouble", Swift became the first artist in digital history to have two songs that debuted with sales of 400,000 or more copies.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from AllMusic:

</doc>
<doc id="36715956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715956" title="We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together">
We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together

"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, "Red" (2012). It was produced by Max Martin and Shellback as well being written by them in addition to Swift. The song was released as the lead single from "Red" on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records. Its lyrics depict Swift's frustrations at an ex-lover who wants to re-kindle their relationship. "Rolling Stone" named the song the second best song of 2012 while it took the fourth spot in "Time"s end-of-year poll. It has received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year. It also received a People's Choice Awards nomination for Favorite Song of the Year.
The song was an instant commercial success, and was the first song in Swift's career to peak at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and the first song to hold the top spot for more than one week after a huge leap, since Kelly Clarkson's two-week run of "My Life Would Suck Without You" after the song rocketed from number 97 to the top spot. A music video for the song was released in August 2012. It was the first music video to be presented in 4K resolution and received positive reviews from critics. A CD single was released in September 2012 by Swift's official store, Amazon.com and US Walmart stores. The single has been certified Triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Background and release.
After writing "Speak Now" (2010) entirely solo, Swift opted to collaborate with different songwriters and producers for "Red". Thus, she called Max Martin and Shellback, two songwriters and producers whose work she admired, to discuss a possible collaboration. The trio conceived the concept for "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" shortly after a friend of Swift's ex-boyfriend walked into the recording studio and spoke of rumors he heard that Swift and her former flame were reuniting. After the friend left, Martin and Shellback asked Swift to elaborate on the details of the relationship, which she described as "break up, get back together, break up, get back together, just, ugh, the worst". When Martin suggested that they write about the incident. Swift began playing the guitar and singing, "We are never ever...", and the song flowed rapidly afterwards. She described the process as one of the most humorous experiences she had while recording, and said the musical partners matched her expectations. An audio clip of her sarcastically speaking about breakups can be heard before the final chorus. The song is reportedly about Swift's ex, Jake Gyllenhaal, as the two had broken up in January 2011 but had been seen on a date a few days later. After the release of the music video, more clues linking the song to Gyllenhaal emerged, with the actor looking like Gyllenhaal, the actor in the video giving her a scarf as Gyllenhaal had reportedly done for Swift and a bracelet Swift wears in the video that is speculated to look similar to that of which Gyllenhaal was rumored to have given Swift for her birthday.
Swift premiered the single on August 13, 2012, during a live chat on YouTube and the song was released on Google Play that day for digital download with it being released to iTunes and Amazon.com the next day, August 14. A lyric video also premiered on Swift's official Vevo that same day. The song was released to Adult Contemporary radio stations on August 13, 2012 with it being released to mainstream radio stations the next day. The song was later released to country radio on August 21, 2012. The music video for the song premiered on August 30, 2012. A limited edition individually numbered CD single was released to Swift's official store and Amazon.com on September 4, 2012. The limited edition CD single was packaged with a "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" t-shirt and backpack. The CD single was also able to be bought individually. The CD single was also released exclusively to US Walmart stores the same day.
Composition and lyrics.
The three minute and twelve second song features electronic heavy production and a pop music vocal styling, a musical transition for Swift. The country radio release featured a different instrumental arrangement. The alternate mix replaced the guitar, drum machine, and synthesisers with a banjo, mandolin, fiddle, steel guitar and snare drums. It was written in the key of G Major with a common time signature and a slow tempo of eighty-six beats per minute Moderate Rock beat, with Swift's vocals spanning one octave & four notes, from G3 to D5. The track features an acoustic guitar (some of its sounds are reversed) and various synthesizers over an electronic drum beat. The song was written by Swift, along with Max Martin and Shellback. The lyrics discuss Swift's frustration towards a former male lover who wants to rekindle their relationship.
Critical reception.
Upon initial release, the song received mixed to positive reviews from music critics. Robert Myers of "The Village Voice" felt that the song, while "good", was "not Swift at her best" and speculated that the decision to release it as a lead single was made for commercial reasons: "I doubt 'Never Ever' is even close to being the best song on "Red"; it's a teaser, an indication to her fans of what's coming up. That sounds like commercial calculation of the worst kind, but I don't think it is. Swift's connection with her audience is possibly more important than her connection with her boyfriends. And there is one brilliant touch: the spoken bit that comes after the middle eight." Grady Smith of "Entertainment Weekly" drew comparisons with Avril Lavigne and praised the "undeniable, instantly catchy hook". While describing the song as "joyous", he nevertheless expressed concern that the song's "juvenile sensibilities" marked a regression following Swift's work on "Speak Now". Andrew Untenberger of "Popdust" described it as "smart and catchy but maybe a little soulless compared to her most resonant songs". Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" noted that the song's "hooks, plural, have a zing that's more Stockholm than Nashville. But it's unmistakably Taylor: a witty relationship postmortem, delivered in inimitable girlie-girl patois. And this bit – "I'm just, I mean, this is exhausting. Like, we are never getting back together. Like, ever" – might be the most sublime spoken-word interlude in pop since Barry White died."
Marah Eakin of "The A.V. Club" commented on "what a good song it is": "With its thumping kick drum, clipped syncopation, and mildly snarky lyrics, it’s a teen dream in the vein of Swift’s other sing-along jams like "Love Story" or "You Belong with Me." Kevin Coyne of "Country Universe" gave the song a failing D grade, calling it a "huge step backward". James Montgomery of MTV felt the "fantastic" song may "represent a turning point in her career ... Swift no longer has any interest in being the victim ... displays a defiant, liberated streak". He noted that the song seemed "custom-crafted to dominate radio ... all shiny, silvery guitars and walloping, whomping choruses". Amy Sciarretto of "Popcrush" praised Swift for capturing a "universal feeling in an upbeat, empowering song" and described it as "one of the catchiest tunes she’s ever penned". Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine described "the melodic hook" as the song's best attribute but criticized Swift's "stilted phrasing". He described her vocal performance as a "complete misfire", pointing out that her voice was at its "most unpleasant and nasal". However, Keefe warned that it was "premature" to say the "full-on pop" song "signals anything more than a temporary breakup" with guitar-based country-pop. David Malitz of "The Washington Post" found the song immature and remarked, "the chorus is catchy but if this is representative of what awaits on "Red", it’s hard to be too excited". Glenn Gamboa of "Newsday" described it as "anthemic in a slick pop way, rather than her usual modern country way ... Part of T. Swizzle’s charm is the way she makes her songs sound genuine and conversational and 'Never Ever' is no exception". Billy Dukes of "Taste of Country" stated that "[Swift captures the anger of young love gone wrong better than anyone since, well… Swift" and that the song's melody is "difficult to embrace quickly." However, Camille Mann of CBS News considered the song to be "catchy".
"Rolling Stone" named it the second-best song of 2012 in their end-of-year critics' poll: "It's like a Clash of the Titans: Swift, the world's hottest pop singer or songwriter, meets up with Max Martin, the Swedish maestro who's been the Dr. Evil of global trash-disco for more than a decade. To nobody's surprise, they cook up a perfect three-minute teen tantrum about country girls getting mad at high-strung indie boys, topping the charts faster than you can say, "This is exhausting." It's a stadium-chant breakup song that may have less to do with the actual guy it's about than with the massive raging-cowgirl audience Swift has led to the pinnacle of the music world. The song was marked at number four on "Time" magazine's "Top 10 Songs of 2012 Playlist". It was voted the sixth best single of 2012 by "The Village Voice"s 40th annual Pazz & Jop critics' poll. It has also received a Grammy nomination for Record of the Year for the 2013 Grammy Awards.
Chart performance.
North America.
The song debuted at number seventy-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 based on two days of airplay alone in the week ending August 25, 2012. On its second week, it jumped to number one. It is the first song in Swift's career to top the "Billboard" Hot 100 and her eleventh top ten hit, tying with Kenny Rogers' record for the most top ten hits by a country artist in chart history. Its number seventy-two to number one jump is the largest leap to number one since "Crack a Bottle" by Eminem, Dr. Dre and 50 Cent vaulted from number seventy-eight to number one in February 2009. It also makes Swift the first female country artist to top the "Billboard" Hot 100 since Carrie Underwood debuted in the top spot in July 2005 with "Inside Your Heaven." It held the position for a two-week span after a huge successful leap, making Swift the second artist to hold the position since Kelly Clarkson's "My Life Would Suck Without You". On its fifth week on the chart, the song rebounded to number one after falling at number two, making it the first country song to spend three weeks on top since Kenny Rogers' "Lady" top the chart for six weeks in 1980. The single stayed at the top ten for a total of thirteen weeks, tying with "Love Story" as Swift's second longest-running top ten hit of her career, and charted for twenty-four weeks.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" entered at number twenty-five on "Billboard" Radio Songs, the highest debut rank for a song by a female country act in the airplay tally's 21-year history. The single entered the top ten at number ten on its fourth week, became Swift's fourth top ten hit on "Billboard" Radio Songs. It reached its peak at number three on the week-ending October 3, 2012 and stayed there for three non-consecutive weeks.
On "Billboard" Hot Country Songs, it debuted at number thirteen on the week-ending September 1, 2012, thus tied the record for the second highest chart debut on that chart with "Feel Like a Rock Star" by Kenny Chesney and Tim McGraw, and the highest chart debut by a solo country female artist, surpassing Carrie Underwood's "So Small." On October 11, 2012, "Billboard" implemented a new policy for the Hot Country Songs where digital download sales and streaming data were factored into the 50-position rankings, along with existing radio airplay data monitored by Nielsen BDS. As a result of this methodology change, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" jumped from number twenty-one to one on "Billboard" Hot Country Songs and became Swift's seventh song to top the chart. In doing so, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" became the first song to top both the country and Hot 100 charts since Lonestar's "Amazed" in March 2000. When it reached its ninth week atop the chart the week of December 15, the song surpassed Connie Smith's "Once a Day" (from November 1964 to January 1965) for the longest run at number one on the chart by a female solo artist; in addition, the song became the first to remain at number one for nine consecutive weeks since "Almost Persuaded" by David Houston (from August to October 1966). After dropping back to number two for three weeks, the song returned to number one on January 12, 2013 due to it having garnered the digital gainer that week, allowing the song to notch its tenth week at number one, and in the process becoming the first song to spend at least ten weeks atop the chart since Buck Owens' "Love's Gonna Live Here" (a 16-week number in 1963-1964).
On "Billboard" Pop Songs, the song debuted at number eighteen, the fifth-best opening rank ever, and soon reached number two on that chart for four weeks, behind Maroon 5's "One More Night". It debuted at number sixteen on "Billboard" Adult Contemporary, the best entrance for a non-holiday song by a woman since Faith Hill's "There You'll Be" debuted at number fifteen the week of June 2, 2001. On the week-ending October 20, 2012, it entered the top ten at number ten and stayed in that position for seven-consecutive weeks.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" debuted atop the "Billboard" Hot Digital Songs chart, selling 623,000 digital copies in the week ending September 1, 2012. It is Swift's fourth number one on that chart. It set the record for the biggest digital sales week ever for a song by a female artist, surpassing the record held by Kesha's "Tik Tok", which sold 610,000 digital copies in its largest week. It also surpassed Lady Gaga's song "Born This Way" to become the song with the highest first-week digital sales for a female act. It is also the second largest figure ever overall. Only Flo Rida's "Right Round" has sold more in a week, when it debuted at number one with 636,000 on the Digital Songs chart dated February 28, 2009. "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" spent a second week at number one on the Digital Songs chart with 307,000 downloads sold. Despite a 51% drop, the song became one of just five songs in 2012 to sell more than 300,000 downloads in multiple weeks. The song topped again the chart on the succeeding three weeks, making it the first song to spend its first five weeks at number one on "Billboard" Hot Digital Songs since Eminem and Rihanna's "Love the Way You Lie" did it on July 2010. It reached the 3 million American download mark in November 2012 and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It became Swift's sixth song to pass two million mark there, which is more than any other country artist in the United States. As of January 2013, the song has sold 3,284,000 copies in Swift's native United States.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" became Swift's second number one in Canada, following "Today Was a Fairytale," after debuting at number one; it is her second song to do so, tying her with Eminem and Katy Perry for multiple songs to debut at number one. The song spent four non-consecutive weeks at number one. It stayed at the top ten for thirteen weeks and charted for twenty-four weeks. The single is certified Gold by Music Canada for sales exceeded of 40,000 digital downloads.
Europe and Oceania.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" gave Swift's second top ten hit in the United Kingdom after it debuted at number five, and eventually ascended to number four. As of January 2013, the single has sold 465,000 copies in the UK. It charted in United Kingdom for twenty-nine weeks; ten weeks of it is within the top ten. The single is certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry for downloads exceeding 400,000 copies and ranked as the twenty-sixth best selling single of 2012. In Ireland, the song jumped at number four on its second week after debuting at number eleven, became Swift's second top ten hit after her 2009 hit "Love Story." "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" also Swift's second top ten hit in Norway after it reached number seven in its third week. It also appeared in Netherlands at number sixteen, in Spain at number nine.
"We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" became Swift's sixth top ten hit in Australia after it vaulted from number thirteen to number three in its second week. It stayed at the top ten for seven weeks and charted for a total of twenty-four weeks. The single is certified quintuple platinum by Australian Recording Industry Association for the shipment of over 350,000 copies, her highest certified song in the region. In New Zealand, it debuted at number two, the highest debut of the week, and on its second week it rose to the number-one spot, making it Swift's first single to top the chart. It stayed at the top ten for nine weeks, charted for a total of nineteen weeks and placed at number nineteen in New Zealand's 2012 year-end chart.
Music video.
Background and release.
A music video for the song premiered on CMT, MTV and TeenNick on August 30, 2012 at 7:49 pm Eastern time, and later on MTV.com, CMT.com, and VH1.com the same day at 8:00 pm Eastern time. The video is directed by Declan Whitebloom, with whom Swift has worked on the music videos for both "Mean" and "Ours". The video was shot like a pop-up book using a Sony F65 Cinealta camera in a continuous take with no edits, and features Swift in five different outfits. It is also the first music video to be featured in 4K resolution. According to Swift, she wanted the video to be as "quirky as the song sounds" and stated that "There's just knitting everywhere; there's just random woodland creatures popping up." Prior to the video's release, a fourteen second preview was released by CMT on their official YouTube on August 30, 2012.
Synopsis.
The video begins with Swift in colorful pajamas recounting the events of her off and on again relationship with her ex-boyfriend (played by Noah Mills). The video then segues into Swift going into her living room where her band is dressed up in animal costumes and Swift belts out the chorus of the song. The video then goes to a TV where Swift says "Like, ever." and then to the dining room where we see she returns to recounting the events of her relationship and receives a phone call from her ex who is calling her from a nightclub. Swift hangs up on him and he walks off screen into the nightclub. It then goes to the two in a truck having an argument then to them having a stroll in the park. Swift then runs off and we see her on the phone telling the person on the other line how she and her ex are not getting back together and her frustration of their entire relationship. The video then segues back to Swift's living room where a party is going on and her ex shows up unannounced trying to woo her back and she slams the door in his face. The video ends with Swift on her window ledge where she was at the beginning of the video, singing the last line of the song.
Reception.
James Montgomery of MTV praised the video stating that the video is "truly a treat to watch". Jim Farber of the New York Daily News comment on the video was that "[Swift's] tone and demeanor in the clip is conversational and sarcastic, ideally suited to simulating intimacy with her massive teen girl fan-base." Carl Williott of Idolator commented on the video's content and stated "what more could you ask for in a visual for a #1 pop smash?" "Rolling Stone" called it "flinging strong-willed sass". David Greenwald of "Billboard" stated that the video "is a quirky celebration that finds Swift singing and dancing with band members in animal costumes in between relationship flashbacks -- all filmed in an elaborate long shot. Swift wears large glasses and a pair of printed pajamas as she shrugs off her not-so-nice ex-boyfriend, a scruffy, seemingly older musician-type with a penchant for drama."
In popular culture.
Parodies.
The music video parodied in cast of choreography "Breaking Bad" called "We Are Never Ever Gonna Cook Together" uploaded in YouTube October 18, 2012 in account teddiefilms. The 22nd episode of "Grey's Anatomy" tenth season is titled "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together".
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of the CD single.

</doc>
<doc id="36715979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36715979" title="Ballon d'Or 1986">
Ballon d'Or 1986

The 1987 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Ihor Belanov.
Rankings.
Source: http://www.francefootball.fr/Ballon Or 1986

</doc>
<doc id="36716012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716012" title="Gaspar de Ávalos de la Cueva">
Gaspar de Ávalos de la Cueva

Gaspar de Ávalos de la Cueva (1485–1545) was a Spanish Roman Catholic Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Gaspar de Ávalos de la Cueva was born in Guadix in 1485, the son of Rodrigo de Ávalos and Leonor de la Cueva.
He studied under his uncle, Hernando de Talavera, Archbishop of Granada. He then attended the University of Paris, receiving a licentiate in theology, and then studied theology at the University of Salamanca.
He lived in Baeza, Alcaraz, and Gaudix. On August 4, 1509, he became a fellow of the "Colegio de Santa Cruz" at the University of Valladolid, later becoming a professor there. In 1517, he became lector in theology at Santa María de Guadalupe. He was also a canon of the cathedral chapter of the Cathedral of Murcia and of Cartagena Cathedral.
On November 14, 1524, he was elected Bishop of Gaudix y Baza. Charles I of Spain and Alonso Manrique de Lara, the Grand Inquisitor of Spain, named him commisary general of the Spanish Inquisition in Valencia in 1525. He was promoted to the metropolitan see of Granada on January 22, 1529. In that capacity, he played a role in founding the University of Granada. On March 29, 1542, he was transferred to the metropolitan see of Compostela.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He died before receiving the red hat or a titular church. King Charles I nominated him to be Archbishop of Toledo but he died before he was preconized by the pope.
He died in Santiago de Compostela on November 2, 1545. He is buried in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.

</doc>
<doc id="36716014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716014" title="Graham Wood">
Graham Wood

Graham Wood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36716017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716017" title="Koestler Parapsychology Unit">
Koestler Parapsychology Unit

The Koestler Parapsychology Unit is a research group established in 1985 at the University of Edinburgh, in Scotland, to teach and conduct research concerning various aspects of parapsychology.
It is notable for hosting the only endowed chair of parapsychology in the UK, established by a bequest following the suicide in 1983 of internationally acclaimed intellectual, writer and journalist Arthur Koestler. The first person to hold the chair, beginning in 1985, was Robert L. Morris.

</doc>
<doc id="36716030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716030" title="Appetite for Democracy (Tour)">
Appetite for Democracy (Tour)

Appetite for Democracy is a series of concerts by hard rock band Guns N' Roses celebrating 25 years of "Appetite for Destruction", and four years for the album "Chinese Democracy".

</doc>
<doc id="36716065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716065" title="Devils Sword Dance">
Devils Sword Dance

Devils Sword Dance (, pronounced "Oni Kenbai" or "Oni Kenbu") is a sword dance usually performed by a group of eight dancers, especially popular in Northeastern Japan. It is so called because the dancers wear face masks which look like "oni" (demons) (, pronounced "Oni"). 

</doc>
<doc id="36716074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716074" title="Harry Preston">
Harry Preston

Harry Preston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36716109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716109" title="Souleymane Faye">
Souleymane Faye

Professor Souleymane Faye is a Senegalese professor of linguistics at the Cheikh Anta Diop University (CLAD), current head of the Serer Division at the Centre de linguistique appliquée de Dakar, author of Serer and Cangin languages and a journalist. Himself Serer from the Faye family, he has authored and co-authored several books and papers in Serer, Wolof, French and English.

</doc>
<doc id="36716129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716129" title="Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The men's 100 metre freestyle event at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships took place 27 July. The heats and semi-finals were held on 26 July.

</doc>
<doc id="36716138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716138" title="Príncipe de Gales metro station">
Príncipe de Gales metro station

Príncipe de Gales is an underground metro station on the Line 4 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. South of this station, Line 4 runs under Américo Vespucio Avenue, which in this section takes the name of Ossa Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="36716141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716141" title="Andy Davis (American football coach)">
Andy Davis (American football coach)

Andy Davis is an American professional football coach. In 2012, he became the head coach of the New Jersey Titans women's professional football team, who won the Northeast Division, American Conference, and National Championships. That same year, Davis was awarded as the Women's Spring Football League's National Coach of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="36716144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716144" title="Rudolf Berenberg">
Rudolf Berenberg

Rudolf Berenberg (born 1680, died 1746) was a Hamburg merchant and banker and a member of the Berenberg banking family. He served as President of the Commerz-Deputation 1728–1729 and as a Hamburg Senator from 1735. He was the son of Cornelius Berenberg, and was married to Anna Elisabeth Amsinck (1690–1748), a daughter of Paul Amsinck (1649–1706) and Christina Adelheid Capelle (1663–1730).
He was the father of

</doc>
<doc id="36716165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716165" title="Romuald Joubé">
Romuald Joubé

Romuald Charles Eugène Goudens Jean Sylve Joubé (20 June 1876 – 14 September 1949) was a French stage and film actor whose career on the stage and in films lasted approximately thirty years.
Career.
Born in Mazères, Ariège, Romuald Joubé began his stage career at the Odéon theatre under the direction of 
André Antoine. He was in residence at the Comédie Française from 1921 to 1922. Joubé's career was spent primarily on the theatre stage. However, he managed a lengthy film career as well, beginning in 1909. Joubé got his start in films in productions made by the early French film company Studio Film d'Art. In total, Joubé would appear in over forty films during a period of more than thirty years. He would appear in both the 1919 Abel Gance-directed silent film drama "J'accuse!" and Gance's 1938 eponymously titled sound film remake.
Death.
Romuald Joubé died in 1949 at the age of age 73 in Gisors, Eure, France.

</doc>
<doc id="36716193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716193" title="Laredo Colombia Solidarity Port of Entry">
Laredo Colombia Solidarity Port of Entry

The Laredo Columbia Solidarity Port of Entry is located at the Colombia – Solidarity International Bridge (sometimes referred to as "Bridge III"). It is the only port of entry from the Mexican state of Nuevo Leon. It was built in 1991 in an effort to relieve traffic from the congested downtown Laredo bridges. 

</doc>
<doc id="36716212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716212" title="Mounir Majidi">
Mounir Majidi

Mounir Majidi ( – born 10 January 1965, Rabat) is a senior member of Mohammed VI's royal cabinet and the personal secretary of the monarch, in charge of managing the royal financial holdings (SIGER which holds participations in the Société Nationale d'Investissement).
Majidi has been described by a leaked diplomatic cable as one of the top-3 most influential people in Morocco (in addition to the King himself and Fouad Ali El Himma)
Early life.
Mounir Majidi was a classmate of Mohammed VI's late cousin "Nawfal Osman", the son of Ahmed Osman and "Princess Lalla Nuzha" (a sister of Hassan II). He studied computer science in Strasbourg, France where he worked at Sagem and settled for some years before going to New York where he completed an MBA at the Pace University. Back to Morocco he worked at various ONA-owned companies before founding an advertising company (FC COM or FC Holding). After the enthronement of Mohammed VI he was nominated at his current position.
Business.
Mounir Majidi is involved in a number of businesses, most of them are related to his management of the King's shares at ONA and FC Com the advertising company. Additionally, he heads the music festival of Rabat, Mawazine – through the "Maroc Culture Association" which he presides –. He was also president of Rabat-based football club FUS Rabat, and the president and founder of Mohammed VI's football Academy ("Académie Mohammed VI de football").
He is the CEO of SIGER, a holding company which belong to Mohammed VI and controls shares in companies such as Les Domaines Agricoles and SNI.
Controversy.
Mounir Majidi was accused of several million-dollar corruption cases by French newspaper "Le Monde" and by Moroccan independent newspapers, but no trial was brought against him in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="36716220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716220" title="OT.W">
OT.W

The “Other World” (OT.W) is an intelligence agency also social and political entity and independent organization of 49 member states which are located all over the world. As an independent organization, OT.W obeys several rules, but mostly it constitutes the rules using its own council (OT.W’s council) therefore the organization "does not depend on any other organization, enterprises or agencies." 
OT.W’s indirect political incidence can be noticed in nearly every republican constitution offering the information it possess. The company earns its profit by gathering information about places, events in the past or present, but mostly about humans. By gathering this kind of information, the OT.W possess highly private and important information which are sold to the governments all over the globe including the states which are neither part of this organization nor supports its behavior. Gathering information is performed by non-military commissioned civilian intelligence agents, many of whom are trained to avoid tactical situations. The agents are highly physiological and mentally trained and they are mainly working undercover.

</doc>
<doc id="36716223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716223" title="Paul Berenberg">
Paul Berenberg

Paul Berenberg (born 1716, died 1768) was a Hamburg merchant and banker and a member of the Berenberg banking family. He served as a Senator of Hamburg, succeeding his father Rudolf Berenberg.
His brothers were Rudolf Berenberg (1712–1761), merchant in Hamburg, Cornelius Berenberg (1714–1773), merchant in Livorno, and Johann Berenberg (1718–1772), merchant in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36716234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716234" title="In the Hell of Chaco">
In the Hell of Chaco

In the Hell of Chaco () is an Argentine black-and-white documentary directed and filmed by Roque Funes from his own script. It premiered on December 21, 1932 .
Overview.
The Chaco War between Bolivia and Paraguay originated in a dispute over the sovereignty of the Chaco Boreal region. Open warfare ran from September 1932 to June 1935, however, the respective armies had prepared for hostilities well in advance. The Argentine cameraman and cinematographer Roque Funes traveled to the region in July 1932 and recorded the first three months of the conflict. Back in Buenos Aires, Funes immediately cut footage and rolled maps and explanatory texts into a documentary. The film was thought lost for may years, but an original copy to nitrate was retained by the Estragó family in Paraguay. Hugo Gamarra, President of the Cinematheque of Paraguay, worked with APROCINAIN on restoration of this copy in Buenos Aires, with the cooperation of Cinecolor and Kodak.
Appearing in the film were Eusebio Ayala, President of Paraguay, Marshal José Félix Estigarribia, commander of the Paraguayan troops, and his wife Julia Miranda Cueto. The two later had a violent death: shortly after being elected president of Paraguay on August 15, 1939, Estigarribia died alongside his wife on September 7, 1940 in a plane crash in Loma Grande.
Comments.
The film is said to be: "Elemental in ideology, the enemy is demonized as Bolivian counterpart to the heroic deeds performed by Paraguay at a disadvantage. It is also a unique historical document, by the fact that records, such as film (with creative resources and improbable mood for your theme) and as journalism". Roque Funes said: "Nobody can give a full account of what this is. The fighting leaves a trail of mangled bodies and the stench from the decay of rapidly decomposing corpses".
Advertisement.
The advertisement banner of the film, whose ticket cost two pesos, reads:
"The only film of the Paraguayan-Bolivian war, filmed with the permission of the Government of Paraguay. The real expression of the struggle in the Chaco Boreal, under a sky of fire, shot by the "cameraman" Argentina Roque Funes, who with the kind collaboration of the Government of Paraguay, managed to take the most interesting notes of the current war. The attack on Boquerón. The Bolivian resistance. Flying over the line of fire. Troops pushing through the jungle. Bayonet charge. Artillery in action. Fall of Boqueron. Wounded and captured up to Asuncion and a thousand scenes of war taken in the same fields from the front. The horror and heroism of the man in front of thirst, hunger and death. "

</doc>
<doc id="36716241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716241" title="Destry Rides Again (album)">
Destry Rides Again (album)

Destry Rides Again is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1959 featuring music from the musical comedy "Destry Rides Again" and originally released on the United Artists label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Harold Rome"

</doc>
<doc id="36716249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716249" title="John Burt">
John Burt

John Burt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36716273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716273" title="Bitopertin">
Bitopertin

Bitopertin (GLYT-1; RO-4917838; RG1678) is a drug under development intended to be used in combination with antipsychotics for the treatment of persistent negative symptoms or sub-optimally controlled positive symptoms associated with schizophrenia. If licensed, bitopertin would represent the first in a new class of treatments for this patient group.
Bitopertin is a glycine transporter type 1 (GlyT1) inhibitor that increases levels of the neurotransmitter glycine by inhibiting its reuptake from the synaptic cleft. Glycine acts as a required co-agonist along with glutamate at "N"-methyl-D-aspartate receptors. Dysfunction of NMDA receptors may play a key role in the pathogenesis of schizophrenia and modulation of glutamatergic signalling via increased concentrations of glycine in the synaptic cleft may help potentiate NMDA receptor function and improve the symptoms of schizophrenia. Bitopertin is administered orally at 10 mg or 20 mg once daily for 56 weeks.
Roche is co-developing RG1678 globally with Chugai.
In a Phase II proof-of-concept study patients on RG1678 experienced a significant improvement in the change of the Negative Symptom Factor Score from baseline within 8 weeks (from −4.86 in the placebo group to −6.65 in the treatment group, p<0.05, per-protocol population). In addition, 83% of patients on RG1678 described an improvement of negative symptoms on the CGI-I1 vs 66% on placebo (p<0.05, per-protocol population).
Phase III trials are currently underway and expected to be completed by 2015.
External links.
"Bitopertin for schizophrenia", "NIHR Horizon Scanning Centre", June 2012

</doc>
<doc id="36716294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716294" title="Sorry to Bother You">
Sorry to Bother You

Sorry to Bother You is the sixth album by political hip hop group The Coup, which was released on October 30, 2012, on ANTI-. It's the group's first album where no samples are being used and all tracks are made by live instrumentation. It debuted at #194 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling about 2000 copies in the first week. At Metacritic it received an average score of 80, which indicates "generally favorable acclaim", based on 15 reviews. PopMatters named it the year's fifth best hip hop album in its year-end list and commented that it "just might stump The Powers That Be, to the point that even the “one-percent” will want to dance to it". Four tracks off the album have been released as official videos including first single The Magic Clap, Land Of 7 Billion Dances, The Guillotine and Your Parents' Cocaine

</doc>
<doc id="36716330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716330" title="Nikki Washington">
Nikki Washington

Nikki Washington (born August 1, 1988) is an American professional soccer forward and right midfielder who currently plays for Boston Breakers in the National Women's Soccer League. She formerly played for Los Angeles Sol, Sky Blue FC, and magicJack in the Women's Professional Soccer league prior to the league folding. She was part of the United States team that won the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and has also played for the under-23 team.
Early life.
Born in Mesquite, Texas to parents, Freida and Lecolion Washington, Washington was named after her grandmother. She has two brothers and one sister.
Washington spent her first freshman and sophomore years in high school at Greenhill School in Addison, Texas before transferring to Spring Creek Academy. She was named the 2003 Dallas Area Freshman of the Year and made the All-Conference team in both 2003 and 2004. Following her high school graduation a year early in 2005, she was also named a "Parade" All-American.
As a youth, Washington played for the Dallas Texans, captaining the '88 Texans team to the 2006 USYSA National Championship and was named an NSCAA Youth All-American in 2003, 2004 and 2005.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Washington subsequently joined the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2006. In her first season with the Tar Heels she equaled an NCAA record for a freshman by starting all 28 matches of the season, a feat which also saw her named to the Freshman All-American team. In preparation for her senior year at UNC, Washington played for Pali Blues, scoring six goals and providing two assists.
She finished her UNC career having scored 17 goals and with 28 assists.
Playing career.
Clubs.
On January 15, 2010, Washington was drafted 5th overall to the Los Angeles Sol in the 2010 WPS Draft despite playing only eight games during the prior collegiate season due to an anterior cruciate ligament injury. However, less than two weeks later on January 27, it was announced that the team, runner's up in the league the previous season but which had been under the administration of the Women's Professional Soccer league, were unable to find a new owner and would close. In a disposal draft of Sol players held on February 4, 2010, Washington was drafted sixth overall by Sky Blue FC. In May 2010, she was traded to the Saint Louis Athletica. Just a month later, she was traded to the Chicago Red Stars after the dissolution of Saint Louis Athletica.
Prior to the start of the 2011 season, Washington was traded to the Boston Breakers.
In June 2011, she was traded to magicJack.
Following the demise of the WPS league in 2012, Washington re-signed for Pali Blues. She also joined up with Casey Nogueira to found a girls' soccer camp called Camp Foot Ballas.
International.
Washington was part of the United States team that won the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, playing 65 minutes of the final against North Korea. 
She was a member of the U23 National Team in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36716341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716341" title="Fort de la Chartreuse">
Fort de la Chartreuse

The Fort de la Chartreuse, which dominates the Amercœur neighborhood of Liège in Belgium, was built between 1817 and 1823 to defend the city.
History.
The fort is built on a strategic height that dominates the valley of the Meuse, which had been occupied by a Carthusian ("Ordre des Chartreux") monastery until the French Revolution. The fort was built by the Dutch, who at the time administered southern Belgium.
The fort was abandoned as a fortification by the military in 1891 and was thereafter used as a barracks. From 1914 to 1918 the Germans used it as a prison, and again from 1940 to 1944. In 1944-1945 it was used by the Americans as a military hospital. The Belgian army left the site in 1988.
Environment.
The greater part of the fort occupies a green space that is being reforested. The ramparts and glacis are covered with vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="36716404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716404" title="Turkey national under-20 football team">
Turkey national under-20 football team

The Turkey national under-20 football team is the national under-20 football team of Turkey and is controlled by the Turkish Football Federation. The team competes in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, which is held every two years. To qualify for this tournament (which is held in odd years), the team must finish in the top six of the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship from the previous year (unless acting as host).
Current squad.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |

</doc>
<doc id="36716416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716416" title="Sue Hobbs">
Sue Hobbs

Susan "Sue" Hobbs (born 1956/1957) is an Australian Paralympic athlete and wheelchair basketball player. Hobbs was the first woman to captain the Australian women's wheelchair basketball team and was inducted into Basketball Australia's Hall of Fame in 2013.
She was from South Australia. In 1976, at the age of 19, a car accident left her a paraplegic. At the 1980 Arnhem Games, she competed in four athletics events and won three silver medals – Women's 60 m 5, Women's 800 m 5 and the Women's 1,500 m 5. She organised the first Australian women's wheelchair basketball team. She was the captain of the women's basketball team at the 1992 Barcelona Games. Basketball Australia established the Sue Hobbs Medallist for the Australian International Women’s Wheelchair Player of the Year.
In 1999, she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. After the symptoms prevented her from undertaking paid employment, she began volunteering for Multiple Sclerosis Society of SA and the Northern Territory Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="36716422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716422" title="2012–13 Bemidji State Beavers women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Bemidji State Beavers women's ice hockey season

The Bemidji State Beavers represented Bemidji State University in WCHA women's ice hockey. The Beavers will attempt to qualify for the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36716429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716429" title="Proyecto Tití">
Proyecto Tití

The Proyecto Tití ("Project Tamarin") was founded in 1985, to provide information to assist in conservation of the cottontop tamarin ("Saguinus oedipus") and their habitat in the tropical forests of Colombia. Proyecto Tití's programs combine field research, education and community programs. The cotton-top tamarin, is one of the most endangered primates in the world and is found only in North-Western Colombia.
Programs.
Research.
Techniques such as radio telemetry, capture and release, hair dye allow Proyecto Tití's field researchers to identify individual tamarins and locate the groups.
Forest Protection.
Proyecto Tití is working on projects to purchase land that contains the last contiguous forest in Northwestern Colombia suitable for cottontop survival. The project also works with local communities to restore and protect existing forest.
Clay Bindes.
Clay bindes are small stoves made from termite mounds that help reduce the amount of firewood required by cooking over traditional open fires and thus reducing deforestation.
Eco-Mochila Project.
The Eco-Mochila is a community-led project that works to take discarded trash and transform it into useful products. One example is plastic bags being transformed into colorfully designed, hand-knit mochilas (tote bags). The trash is recognized as a threat to the cottontop and other animals that may ingest them.
Conservation Education.
The primary focus of Proyecto Tití is conservation education. The team educates local schoolchildren and adults about the forest environment and endemic animals and the threats they face.

</doc>
<doc id="36716433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716433" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres

The Women's 100 metres competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada was held at the Olympic Stadium on 24–25 July.
Competition format.
The Women's 100m competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Quarterfinals, Semifinals and a Final. The five fastest competitors from each race in the heats plus the next two fastest overall qualified for the Quarterfinals. The four fastest competitors from each of the Quarterfinal races qualified for the Semifinals, where again the four fastest runners from each heat advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 5 of each heat (Q) plus the two fastest times (q) qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36716435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716435" title="Madison Dam">
Madison Dam

Madison Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Madison County, Montana, in the southwestern part of the state.
The timber-crib dam was constructed in 1906 by the forerunner of power company PPL Montana as a replacement for a similar 1901 dam and powerhouse on the same site. The dam is 35 feet high and 257 feet long at its crest, placed into the narrows of Bear Trap Canyon. As one of eight PPL Montana hydro projects, it has a generating capacity of nine megawatts in a run-of-the-river configuration. 
The reservoir it creates, Ennis Lake, is 2.6 miles long and has a maximum storage capacity of 27,200 acre-feet. The lake is relatively shallow and warms significantly during the summer, which tends to decrease fish populations. The lake still support recreational fishing for brown trout and rainbow trout, camping, boating, and white-water rafting in Bear Trap Canyon downstream (north) of the dam.

</doc>
<doc id="36716440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716440" title="33rd (East Prussian) Fusiliers &quot;Count Roon&quot;">
33rd (East Prussian) Fusiliers &quot;Count Roon&quot;

The 33rd (East Prussian) Fusiliers "Count Roon" was a regiment of the Imperial German Army through the First World War.
In August 1914 the unit was part of the 2nd Division of the Königsberg-based I Corps. With the Russian invasion of East Prussia in August 1914, the unit saw action during the prelude to the Battle of Tannenberg. The 33rd Fusiliers charged the Russian-occupied village of Mallwischken near Gumbinnen and cleared the area. Later as the battle for East Prussia developed, the regiment occupied high ground near the village of Usdau.

</doc>
<doc id="36716456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716456" title="Randal Grichuk">
Randal Grichuk

Randal Alexander Grichuk (born August 13, 1991) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball (MLB). The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim drafted him in the first round of the 2009 MLB Draft from Lamar Consolidated High School in Rosenberg, Texas. He played five seasons in the minor leagues for the Angels, losing time to injury but also developing home-run hitting ability throughout. The Angels traded him to the St. Louis Cardinals in November 2013.
Grichuk plays all three outfield positions, possessing a strong arm and patrolling mainly right field in the minor leagues. Originally projected to be a first baseman before the draft, he improved his outfield defense and won the Gold Glove Award for all minor league right fielders in 2013. He also plays above average center field despite not possessing the classic speed for the position. Grichuk made his major league debut for the Cardinals on April 28, 2014.
Career.
In 2004, Grichuk participated in the Little League World Series for Lamar National of Richmond, Texas. He was featured in "Sports Illustrated"s "Faces in the Crowd" section in July 2005.
Grichuk attended Lamar Consolidated High School in Rosenberg, Texas. In 2008 as a Lamar Consolidated Baseball player he was a 1st Team All State OF and the All-Houston Area MVP. That season Grichuk batted .435 with 18 HR's, and 45 RBI leading the mustangs to a school record 29 wins and a Regional Final appearance. In 2009 he was the 24-4A District MVP, Fort Bend Area MVP, 2009 1st Team All State OF, and 2009 1st Team All-American (EA Sports and Baseball America). In 28 games he hit .613 with 21 HR, 46 hits, 46 RBI's, and 47 runs before Lamar was beaten in the third round of the playoffs.
He committed to attend the University of Arizona. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim drafted Grichuk in the first round, with the 24th overall selection, in the 2009 MLB Draft, one selection ahead of Mike Trout. Grichuk signed with the Angels, rather than attend college.
A series of three unusual injuries have delayed the outfield prospect's development. First, he tore a ligament after just 12 games in . Second, he batted a foul ball that fractured his knee cap. Finally, while diving for a ball, he broke his wrist. In 2012, his first full season, Grichuk played 135 games and batted .298 with 18 home runs (HR) and 71 runs batted in (RBI) with the Class-A Inland Empire 66ers. After a promotion to the Double-A Arkansas Travelers in 2013, he made 128 appearances, batting .256 with 22 HR and 64 RBI. In October, 2013, Rawlings and MiLB announced Grichuk was the recipient of the Minor League Gold Glove Award for right field.
According to "Baseball America"'s Kary Booher, Grichuck possesses an athletic frame with average arm and enough range to profile into an outfield corner slot. Through 2013, he has shown a low walk rate but has enough balance and bat control to bat .260 or higher in the major leagues.
The Angels added Grichuk to their 40-man roster on November 20, 2013. Two days later, they traded him along with Peter Bourjos to the St. Louis Cardinals for David Freese and Fernando Salas. 
Grichuk began the season with the Memphis Redbirds of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League. The Cardinals promoted him to the majors for the first time on April 28 after he had batted .310 with a .359 OBP, .529 SLG, six walks and 17 strikeouts. He debuted as a defensive replacement in the outfield that day. Grichuk made his first major league start in center field the next day, collecting a single in five at-bats for his first major league hit. The Cardinals optioned him back to Memphis shortly thereafter, then recalled him on May 30. He improved his AAA numbers, batting .315 with a .363 OBP, .589 SLG and ten HR. Grichuk received the Cardinals' minor league system Player of the Month Award for May, 2014. On June 7, he hit his first major league home run off Toronto Blue Jays' ace Mark Buehrle in a 5–0 victory.
Skills profile.
In 2014, Randal Grichuk was projected with potential as a power hitter in the major leagues possessing the athleticism and preparedness to handle center field well. At the plate, his most evident ability is to hit the ball with power and loft to all fields, easily give him potential for 20 or more home runs a season. With a smooth and compact stroke, his bat speed through the zone is at least average and frequently faster. His pitch recognition allows him the ability to work counts and he becomes more aggressive in hitter's counts. This approach yields lower-than-average walk rates but with a strikeout rate of less than 20 percent. One obvious weakness is that he misses easy pitches – such as high fastballs in the middle of the plate – that major league hitters rarely miss.
Originally projected to be a first baseman, Grichuk expanded his versatility to the outfield thanks in part to extra preparation and a sleek and proportioned athletic frame. For what he lacks in the classic speed of center fielders, he mitigates with robust jumps and precise route running and positioning to easily anticipate the trajectory of – and catch – balls hit to the outfield. Grichuk does not have a prodigiously strong arm but it is still at least average and accurate. His arm strength and range allow him the ability to cut off runners at times from extra bases on the occasional plays for which he did not properly position himself. 

</doc>
<doc id="36716459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716459" title="Soyeon Kate Lee">
Soyeon Kate Lee

Soyeon Kate Lee (이소연, born 1979) is a Korean-American classical pianist, who currently lives in New York, USA.
Early life and education.
Born in Seoul, South Korea, Soyeon Kate Lee moved to the United States at the age of 9. Lee's early studies were with Romanian teacher Marina di Pretoro and at the Interlochen Arts Academy with Victoria Mushkatkol. She graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy with the highest honors in music. She continued her studies at The Juilliard School with Jerome Lowenthal and Robert McDonald, earning her Bachelors, Masters, and Artist Diploma degrees. During her studies at Juilliard, she won the school's concerto competition, Gina Bachauer piano competition, Helen Fay Prize, Arthur Rubinstein Prize, and the Petschek Piano Debut Award.
She is currently pursuing her Doctoral degree at the Graduate Center at the City University of New York, working with Richard Goode and Ursula Oppens.
Professional career.
Lee gave her New York debut recital at Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall as the winner of Juilliard's Petschek Award in April 2004. The following year, Lee gave a recital at New York's Weill Hall to critical acclaim under the auspices of Concert Artists Guild. This concert propelled her career with engagements throughout the United States.
Lee received media attention for her eco-awareness concert at Carnegie Hall's Zankel Hall in 2008 wearing a dress made of 5000 juice pouches.
In 2012, Lee joined the roster of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center Two.
Ms. Lee is currently represented by Diane Saldick, LLC.
Discography.
Ms. Lee is a Naxos Records recording artist. In 2008, Naxos released Lee's debut album of Domenico Scarlatti Sonatas to critical acclaim. Lee's next album is scheduled to be released in 2013 and will feature Franz Liszt's opera transcriptions. Ms. Lee has also released an album titled "Re!nvented" under Entertainment One, formerly KOCH records which garnered the Young Artist Award from the Classical Recording Foundation and further industry acclaim.
Personal.
Lee resides in New York City. She married Israeli-American pianist Ran Dank on September 7, 2013. This was her second marriage after her first to Tom Szaky, CEO of TerraCycle, in May 2008 ended. Her younger sister, Soeun Nikole Lee 이소은 is a Korean pop singer, lawyer, and author.

</doc>
<doc id="36716460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716460" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres

The Women's 100 metres competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. The event was held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 14–15.
Competition format.
The Women's 100m competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Quarterfinals, Semifinals and a Final. The five fastest competitors from each race in the heats qualified for the quarterfinals. The four fastest runners from each of the quarterfinal races advanced to the semifinals, where again the top four from each race advance to the final.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
Results.
Round 1.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Quarterfinals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semi Finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2

</doc>
<doc id="36716499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716499" title="2013 in American television">
2013 in American television

The following is a list of events affecting American television in 2013. Events listed include television show debuts, finales, and cancellations; channel launches, closures, and rebrandings; stations changing or adding their network affiliations; and information about changes of ownership of channels or stations, controversies and carriage disputes.
Television programs.
"See also: 2012–13 United States network television schedule and 2013–14 United States network television schedule"
Programs debuting in 2013.
These shows are scheduled to premiere in 2013. The premiere dates may be changed depending on a variety of factors.
Programs entering syndication in 2013.
A list of programs (current or canceled) that have accumulated enough episodes (between 65 and 100) or seasons (3 or more) to be eligible for off-network syndication and/or basic cable runs.
Programs changing networks.
The following shows will air new episodes on a different network than previous first-run episodes.
Programs returning in 2013.
The following shows will return with new episodes after being canceled or ended their run previously:
Television stations.
Stations changing network affiliation.
The following is a list of television stations that have made or will make noteworthy network affiliation changes in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36716504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716504" title="Gilbert Hyatt">
Gilbert Hyatt

"For the patent holder for the Microprocessor, see: Microprocessor#Gilbert Hyatt"
Gilbert Hyatt (c. 1761 – 17 September 1823) was instrumental in founding a township in Lower Canada, settling it and starting a village that became Sherbrooke, Quebec

</doc>
<doc id="36716513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716513" title="Lily Yeh">
Lily Yeh

Lily Yeh (born 1941) is an artist who was born in Kueizhou, China. In 1963, she immigrated to the United States to attend the University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Fine Arts. She was a professor of painting and art history at Philadelphia's University of the Arts from 1968 until 1998.
Work.
In 1986, Lily Yeh was asked by Arthur Hall, founder of the Afro-American Dance Ensemble, to create a park in the abandoned lot next to his studio in North Philadelphia. She transformed the lot into an art park with mosaic murals and sculpted trees.
The park was the beginning of The Village of Arts and Humanities, which was co-founded by Yeh in 1989. Lily, along with neighborhood residents and staff members, transformed more than 120 other lots into gardens and parks. They have also renovated vacant homes, creating art workshops, a youth theater, and educational programs. In 2004, Yeh left the Village of Arts and Humanities to pursue other work internationally.
In 2003, Lily Yeh founded the non-profit organization Barefoot Artists Inc. Using the same concept and model used in Philadelphia, the Barefoot Artists works to train and empower local residents, organize communities, and take action to use the power of art to transform impoverished communities. Recently, Yeh has worked on projects in 10 countries including Rwanda, Kenya, Ecuador, and her home country of China.
As a part of the Barefoot Artists Inc, Lily Yeh founded the Rwanda Healing Project. This project is working with children, using art in communities to bring peace in villages that have experienced the genocide and civil war. She designed the Rugerero Genocide Memorial Monument Park in 2004 and it was built in 2005 with help from hundreds of local villagers.
Yeh has been included in the Asian American Art Centre's artasiamerica digital archive. 

</doc>
<doc id="36716524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716524" title="Track algorithm">
Track algorithm

A Track algorithm is a radar and sonar performance enhancement strategy. Tracking algorithms provide the ability to predict future position of multiple moving objects based on the history of the individual positions being reported by sensor systems.
Historical information is accumulated and used to predict future position for use with air traffic control, threat estimation, combat system doctrine, gun aiming, missile guidance, and torpedo delivery. Position data is accumulated over the span of a few minutes to a few weeks.
There are four common track algorithms.
History.
The original tracking algorithms were built into custom hardware that became common during World War II. This includes storage tubes used with planned position indicator displays, range height indicator displays, and pen-plotting boards used for civilian air traffic control and waterway management. It also includes custom analog computers, like the Mark I Fire Control Computer used with radar data to aim guns, missiles, and torpedoes associated with military air traffic control and waterway management.
Track algorithms were migrated from analog equipment to digital computers from the 1950s through the 1980s. This was necessary to eliminate limitations that include mid-air collisions and other problems linked with obsolete equipment that was socialized by PATCO and United States Department of Defense. Similar migration trends occurred in other countries throughout the world for similar reasons.
Modern civilian air traffic and military combat systems depend upon a custom track algorithms used with real-time computing slaved to displays and peripherals.
Limitation for modern digital computing systems are processing speed, input-output throughput rate, the number of input-output devices, and software compatibility with upgrade parts.
Terminology.
Tracking algorithms operate with a cartesian coordinate system. This is often called a rectangular coordinates, and is based on north-south, east-west, and altitude. Sensors operate using a polar coordinate system. This is often called spherical coordinates based on elevation, bearing, and range. Some common terminology is as follows.
Human Interface.
Users are generally presented with several displays that show information from track data and raw detected signals.
The audible alert draws attention to the scrolling notification. This will present the track number for things like separation violation (impending collision) and lost track not located near a landing facility.
The scrolling notifications and audible alerts require no user action. Other displays activate to show additional information only when a track is selected by the user. The primary human interface for the tracking algorithm is a planned position indicator display. This typically puts up four pieces of information.
The track algorithm produces symbology that is displayed on the Plan Position Indicator.
Users have a pointing device with several buttons that provides access to the track file through the Plan Position Indicator. The typical pointing device is a track ball, which operates as follows.
Hook action turns off the cursor and displays additional information from the track algorithm. The user can perform actions while the hook is active, such as communicate with the vehicle or notify other users regarding the vehicle associated with the track.
Operation.
The nearest neighbor track algorithm is described here for simplicity.
Each new detection reported from incoming sensor data is fed into the track algorithm, which is used to drive displays.
Track algorithm operation depends upon a track file, which contains historical track data, and a computer program that periodically updates the track file.
Sensors information (radar, sonar, and transponder data) is provided to the track algorithm using a polar coordinate system, and this is converted to cartesian coordinate system for the track algorithm. The polar to Cartesian conversion uses navigation data for sensors mounted on vehicles, which eliminates sensor position changes caused by ship and aircraft motion that would otherwise corrupt track data.
Track mode begins when a sensor produces a sustained detection in a specific volume of space.
The track algorithm takes one of four actions when this new sensor data arrives.
Each separate object has its own independent track information. This is called track history. This could be as much as an hour for airborne objects. Track history for underwater objects can extend back several weeks.
Each different kind of sensor produces different kinds of track data. A 2D radar with a fan beam produces no altitude information. A 4D radar with a pencil beam will produce radial Doppler velocity in addition to bearing, elevation, and slant range.
Store.
New sensor data is stored for a limited period of time. This occurs before track, capture and drop processing.
Stored data needs to be held for a limited time to allow time for comparison with existing tracks. Stored data must also be held long enough to complete processing required to develop new tracks.
Drop.
Data quickly loses any purpose for sensor systems that use an M out of N detection strategy. Stored data is often dropped after N scans have expired with fewer than M detections within a specific volume.
Drop processing takes place only after track and capture processing takes place. Drop data may sometimes be extracted from main memory and recorded onto storage media along with the track file for offsite analysis.
Capture.
The capture strategy depends upon the kind of sensor.
Capture processing takes place only after stored sensor data has been compared with all existing tracks.
Non-Doppler.
Each sensor detection is surrounded by a capture volume. This is shaped like a box. The size of the capture volume is approximately the distance the fastest vehicle can travel between successive scans of that same volume of space.
Sensors (radar) scan a volume of space periodically.
As an example, a capture distance of 10 miles require periodic scans no more than 15 seconds apart in order to detect vehicles traveling at mach 3. This is a performance limitation for non-Doppler systems.
Transition to track begins when the capture volume for two detections overlap.
Each new detection not paired with a track is compared with every other detection not yet be paired with a track (cross correlation with all stored data).
Transition to track typically involves an M out of N strategy, such as at least 3 detections out of a maximum of 5 scans.
This strategy produces a large number of false tracks due to clutter near the horizon and in the viscidity of weather phenomenon and biologicals. Birds, insects, trees, waves, and storms generate enough sensor data to slow down the track algorithm.
Excessive false tracks degrade performance because the track algorithm loading will cause it to fail to update all of the information in the track file before sensors begin the next scan begins. Chaff is intended to deny detection by exploiting this weakness.
Moving target indication (MTI) is typically used to reduce false clutter tracks to avoid overwhelming the track algorithm. Systems that lack MTI must reduce receiver sensitivity or prevent transition to track in heavy clutter regions.
Doppler.
Lock and radial velocity are unique requirement for Doppler sensors that add additional layers of complexity to the track algorithm.
The radial velocity of the reflector is determined directly in Doppler systems by measuring the frequency of the reflector over the short span of time associated with detection. This frequency is converted to radial velocity.
The radial velocity of the reflector is also determined by comparing the distance for successive scans.
The two are subtracted, and the difference is averaged briefly.
If the average difference falls below a threshold, then the signal is a lock.
Lock means that the signal obeys Newtonian mechanics. Valid reflectors produce a lock. Invalid signals do not. Invalid reflections include things like helicopter blades, where Doppler does not correspond with the velocity that the vehicle is moving through the air. Invalid signals include microwaves made by sources separate from the transmitter, such as radar jamming and deception.
Reflectors that do not produce a lock signal cannot be tracked using the conventional technique. This means the feedback loop must be opened for objects like helicopters because the main body of the vehicle can be below the rejection velocity (only the blades are visible).
Transition to track is automatic for detections that produce a lock. This is essential for semi-active radar homing that requires velocity information obtained by the launch platform radar.
Transition to track is manual for non-Newtonian signal sources, but additional signal processing can be used to automate the process. Doppler velocity feedback must be disabled in the vicinity of reflectors like helicopters, where Doppler velocity measurement does not match radial velocity of the vehicle.
Pulse-Doppler sensor data includes object area, radial velocity, and lock state, which are part of the decision logic involving join tracks and split tracks.
Passive.
Passive sensor information includes only angle data or time. Passive listening is used when the tracking system is not emitting any energy, such as with underwater systems, with electronic counter countermeasures, and with projectile sensors.
The three strategies are bi-static, synthetic aperture, and time of arrival.
Bistatic measurements involves comparing data from multiple sensors that can produce only angular data. Distance is identified using parallax.
Synthetic aperture involves taking multiple angular measurements while the emitter maneuvers. The process is similar to celestial mechanics where orbit is found from line of site data. The distance to a vehicle traveling at constant velocity will fall at discrete points along a straight line transecting the line of site. The coriolis effect can be used to determine the distance to this line when the object maintains constant speed during a turn. This strategy is normally used with semi-active radar homing and with underwater systems.
Time measurements are used to identify signals from impulse sources, such as from projectiles and bombs. Bombs produce a single impulse, and the location can be identified by comparing the time of arrival as the shock wave passes over 3 or more sensors. Projectiles produce an initial impulse from the muzzle blast with a shock wave traveling radially outward perpendicular to the path of the supersonic projectile. The shock wave from the projectile arrives before the muzzle blast for inbound fire, so both signals must be paired by the tracking algorithm. Subsonic projectiles emit a shock wave that arrives after the muzzle blast.
The signal emission signature must be used to match up angular data to accomplish track capture when multiple signal sources arrive at the sensor simultaneously.
Track.
All new sensor data is compared with existing tracks first before capture or drop processing takes place.
Track position and velocity information establishes a track volume at a future position. New sensor data that falls inside that track box is appended to the track history for that track and deleted from temporary storage.
During operation, XYZ sensor measurements for each vehicle are appended to the track file associated with that vehicle. This is the track history that is used to keep track of position and velocity. XYZ velocity is determined by subtracting successive values and dividing by the time difference between the two scans.
Tracks where the vehicle continues to produces a detection are called active tracks. The track volume is much smaller than the capture volume.
The track is continued briefly in the absence of any detections. Tracks with no detections become coasted tracks. The velocity information is used to move the track volume through space briefly as the track volume is expanded.
New tracks that fall within the capture volume of a coasted track are cross correlated with the track history of the nearby coasted track. If position and speed are compatible, then the coasted track history is combined with the new track. This is called a join track.
A new track that begins in or near the capture volume of an active track is called a split track.
Coasted track, joined track, and split track trigger an operator alert. For example, a track coast can result from an aircraft collision, so the cause needs to be determined otherwise supervisory personnel need to be notified.
Civilian air traffic control personnel use leaders produced by the track algorithm to alert pilots when the future position of two tracks violate the separation limit.
Track data is usually recorded in the event that an investigation is required to establish the root cause for an aircraft loss.
This is a special case of the Kalman filter.

</doc>
<doc id="36716526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716526" title="Live at the Five Spot (Randy Weston album)">
Live at the Five Spot (Randy Weston album)

Live at the Five Spot is a live album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1959 at the Five Spot Café and originally released on the United Artists label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36716531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716531" title="List of 1960 Summer Olympics medal winners">
List of 1960 Summer Olympics medal winners

The following is a complete list of medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics, held in Rome, Italy, from 25 August to 11 September 1960. 
__NOTOC__
Medal leaders.
Athletes that won at least three total medals are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="36716535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716535" title="Sandra Arenas">
Sandra Arenas

Sandra Lorena Arenas Campuzano (born September 17, 1993 in Pereira, Colombia) is a Colombian race walker. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in the 20 kilometer race walk. 
In May 2012, Arenas won the women's 10 kilometer event (junior event) at the 2012 IAAF World Race Walking Cup in Saransk, Russia. In July 2012, Arenas won the bronze medal in the 10km race walk event at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics with a time of 45:44.46. Arenas placed 32nd in 20km race walk at the 2012 Summer Olympics with a time of 1:33:21.

</doc>
<doc id="36716540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716540" title="Forum de Mundo Imperial">
Forum de Mundo Imperial

The Forum de Mundo Imperial is a stadium with a capacity of 4000 people located in the port of Acapulco.
Design.
The forum's design includes a facade lit by 4,000,985 LEDs capable of projecting 16.7 million color combinations, making it the largest LED installation in Latin America. The enclosure is equipped with the latest technology in sound and design and is specially shaped for optimal acoustics. It is also constructed so that the farthest seat is 35 feet away from the stage, and the closest is two meters. The forum is designed for public use, offering VIP boxes and suites as well as general seating. During its four years of operation, the forum has hosted thousands of visitors and artists such as Luis Miguel, Wisin y Yandel, Camila, Alejandro Fernandez, The Cranberries, Gloria Trevi, Paul Anka and Juan Luis Guerra. Additionally, it has hosted major events, including Premios TVyNovelas, Acafest and "Premios Telehit".

</doc>
<doc id="36716561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716561" title="Parikrma Humanity Foundation">
Parikrma Humanity Foundation

Parikrma Humanity Foundation is a non-profit organization located in Bangalore, India. Parikrma addresses the growing gap in urban India between those benefitting from economic liberalization and those who are not, in which consequently only a minority of children in India can afford access to private schools where the content of education is of high quality and in the English medium. Children from slum and rural communities attend schools in the free government-run mass schooling system, where they only teach in the state language, which often proves insufficient in attaining job opportunities in a rapidly globalizing world. Parikrma believes that even the poorest children from the slums of urban India should be able to access the best opportunities in our globalized society and play a positive role in its evolution.
The name Parikrma comes from a combination of two Sanskrit words, “pari” meaning circle, and “krma” meaning to complete. Parikrma strives to complete “The Circle of Life” by supporting children from kindergarten until they procure a job, thus ensuring that their students break out of the cycle of poverty.
Now in its 11th year, Parikrma runs 4 Centres for Learning and a Junior College for 1566 children from 69 slum communities and 4 orphanages in Bangalore. Parikrma is a nondenominational nonprofit that does not discriminate on the basis of caste, creed, or religion.
History.
Parikrma was founded in 2003 by Shukla Bose, who left at the peak of her career as a CEO in the hospitality industry with 26 years of experience.
In order to establish Parikrma, she and her team personally visited numerous slum communities in order to understand the need and context of poverty in Bangalore, as well as to identify children who would potentially never have the opportunity to attend school, and convincing their parents that education could bring about positive change in their children’s lives. She realized that the reason that children from slum communities dropped out of school at an early age was not due to a lack of interest in education but rather due to difficult circumstances such as malnutrition, dysfunctional home environments, financial constraints, etc.
The first Parikrma school began June 2, 2003 on a space rented on the rooftop of a Tamil-medium school with 165 students and 11 staff members.
Mission, Vision, Motto.
Parikrma’s mission is to unleash the potential of under-served children which will provide them with equal opportunities and make them valuable contributing members of society.
Their motto is “Love, Explore, Excel”, which focuses on the importance of:
Parikrma’s vision is to create a sustainable model and a clear way for underserved children to transform their lives through top-class education, and in the process become a catalyst for effecting fundamental change in the way the poor and marginalized are educated.
Educational Philosophy.
Parikrma’s educational philosophy rests on “The Four Pillars”: 
Academic Focus and Programs.
Parikrma has adopted the CBSE English curriculum, built around the concept of understanding and making learning fun and experiential.
Parikrma operates on a 360-degree development model, supporting various aspects of a child’s life. They provide three meals a day, comprehensive healthcare including regular health check-ups, immunizations, and counseling, and community support for parents, including de-addiction programs, women’s empowerment, wellness workshops, vocational skills, etc.
Parikrma also believes in an end-to-end (e2e) model in which they look after a child from kindergarten until they are placed in a job, ensuring that they break out of a cycle of poverty, which they call completing “the Circle of Life.” Their Final Leap program aids a student in choosing the right professional course which matches their strengths and interests, or provides scholarships to pursue college or vocational training.
The Parikrma Edge.
Parikrma schools boast 96% attendance, which is one of the highest in the country, with less than a 1% dropout rate. 98% of students go on to pursue a college education.
A key factor in the success of Parikrma’s model is establishing English language excellence. In order to accomplish this, Parikrma has an “English First” program in which teachers take the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) and children enrolled in Parikrma begin with a unique 3-month English program that enables them to grasp the rudiments of the language and lay a foundation for English-medium learning.
The Universe to You (Universe2U) is a science program crucial in providing a basis for the capacity for rational enquiry at Parikrma.
Furthermore, sport is an integral co-curricular activity. At the basic level, they provide a physical training program that helps all children develop their motor skills and improve their physical conditioning. The United Parikrma Sports Program identifies talented children who are further trained in football, athletics and taekwondo, providing them an opportunity to compete at the highest levels.
The honing of aesthetic sense, be it music, dance, theater or art, is also something that is taken extremely seriously at Parikrma. Art is seen as an essential method in which children can express themselves.
Expansion and Scale.
Parikrma avoids playing into the numbers game, which is tempting when looking at the millions of children who do not attend school in India. Instead of looking at horizontal expansion, they focus on quality and depth of change. They strive to be a thought leader in education, and therefore they are currently in the process of building the Educational Transformation Centre (ETC) in order to spread their model by doing the following:
The ETC will be managed as a stand-alone entity with a separate team headed by a director with experience in the area of leadership and teacher training. The funding for running the various programs of the ETC will come from donors as well as fees from the actual training programs. Parikrma believes this will be a way to replicate their successes by sharing best practices and making a larger impact within India’s government mass schooling system.

</doc>
<doc id="36716579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716579" title="Black shamanism">
Black shamanism

Black shamanism is a kind of shamanism practiced in Mongolia and Siberia. It is specifically opposed to yellow shamanism, which incorporates rituals and traditions from Buddhism.
Buddhism entered Mongolia in the sixteenth century after the conversion of Altan Khan. In 1691, after Outer Mongolia had been annexed by the Qing Dynasty, Buddhism became the dominant religion of the entire area and shamanism began incorporating Buddhist elements. Violent resistance in the eighteenth century by the hunting tribes of Northern Mongolia against the (Buddhist) ruling group, the Khalka Mongols, led to the foundation of black shamanism.
Spirit world and class.
Klaus Hesse described the complex spiritual hierarchy in clan-based Mongolian society based on sources that go back to the 13th century. The highest group in the pantheon consisted of 99 "tngri" (55 of them benevolent or "white" and 44 terrifying or "black"), 77 "natigai" or "earth-mothers", besides others. The "tngri" were called upon only by leaders and great shamans and were common to all the clans. After these, three groups of ancestral spirits dominated. The "Lord-Spirits" were the souls of clan leaders to whom any member of a clan could appeal for physical or spiritual help. The "Protector-Spirits" included the souls of great shamans ("ĵigari") and shamanesses ("abĵiya"). The "Guardian-Spirits" were made up of the souls of smaller shamans ("böge") and shamanesses ("idugan") and were associated with a specific locality (including mountains, rivers, etc.) in the clan's territory.
The difference between great, white and small, black (in shamans, "tngri", etc.) was also formative in a class division of three further groups of spirits, made up of "spirits who were not introduced by shamanist rites into the communion of ancestral spirits" but who could nonetheless be called upon for help--they were called "'the three accepting the supplications' ("jalbaril-un gurban")". The whites were of the nobles of the clan, the blacks of the commoners, and a third category consisted of "the evil spirits of the slaves and non-human goblins". White shamans could only venerate white spirits (and if they called upon black spirits they "lost their right in venerating and calling the white spirits"), black shamans only black spirits (and would be too terrified to call upon white spirits since the black spirits would punish them). Black or white was assigned to spirits according to social status, and to shamans "according to the capacity and assignment of their ancestral spirit or spirit of the shaman's descent line."
Black shamanism in Mongolia.
According to Otgony Purev, the practice goes back to Genghis Khan and was practiced by the Darkhad people in defiance of the Buddhism introduced to the area by the Khalka. During the Soviet domination of the Mongolian People's Republic, all varieties of shamanism were repressed; after 1991, when the era of Soviet influence was over, religion (including Buddhism and shamanism) made a comeback.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36716601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716601" title="Tongatapu rail">
Tongatapu rail

The Tongatapu Rail ("Gallirallus hypoleucus") was a species of bird in the Rallidae family. It was apparently native to the island of Tongatapu in the Kingdom of Tonga, in Polynesia in the south-west Pacific Ocean. It is known only from brief descriptions of a specimen, now lost, collected from Tongatapu in 1777 in the course of James Cook’s third voyage to the Pacific, and from a contemporary illustration by Georg Forster.

</doc>
<doc id="36716613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716613" title="Langvassbukta">
Langvassbukta

Langvassbukta is a village in the municipality of Kvæfjord in Troms county, Norway. The village is located on the west coast of the Gullesfjorden on the large island of Hinnøya. It is located about southwest of the town of Sortland. Langvassbukt Chapel is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36716620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716620" title="TeamUp! for Brain &amp; Behavior Research Foundation">
TeamUp! for Brain &amp; Behavior Research Foundation

TeamUp! is an online fundraising tool and a national promotional campaign to encourage the general public to fundraise independently, in a variety of ways, to support the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. Visitors to the TeamUp! site have three options to participate and raise funds. They can create their own fundraising event; create an online tribute page; or sign up for TeamUp! America, a nationwide fundraising event, usually held in the latter part of each year. 
The mission of the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation is to alleviate the suffering caused by mental illness by awarding grants that will lead to advances and breakthroughs in scientific research.
Participation.
Individuals throughout the world can participate in TeamUp! and fundraise on behalf of the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. Online users are directed to an online donation program that provides options to create and customize a fundraising web page that accepts online donations. Fundraising web pages can be used to present a personal story that relates to a mental illness, celebrate a special occasion, pay tribute to an individual, or advertise a fundraising event. TeamUp! participants can update their web pages as often as they like, by uploading photographs, linking to videos from YouTube, and including links to articles and other web pages. TeamUp! also connects with Facebook and Twitter.
Participation in TeamUp! also includes individuals that fundraise without use of the web site and its tools.
Fundraising Options.
TeamUp! participants have the option to create an event, participate in TeamUp! America, or create a tribute page. Participants who create their own community event receive support from BBRF and can post information and take donations through their own web pages and collect funds in their communities. 
TeamUp! America participants take part in a nationwide community fundraising event. In 2012, the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation launched Kite Fest for Healthy Minds, to be held in Coney Island, NY on October 14. Kite Fest is designed to attract families of all ages to fly kites, build sand castles, and take advantage of boardwalk activities and attractions in Coney Island. Communities across the nation will be invited to fly kites and hold community events on October 14, 2012, in support of healthy minds. 
TeamUp! participants who choose the tribute option create a custom web page that honors, memorializes, or celebrates an individual or group. The creator must direct people to visit the tribute page to make donations or mail them in to be posted on the page.
Fundraising.
TeamUp! raised over $200,000 in 2011 across approximately 30 events. Donations from events in 2011 ranged from $33 to over $60,000, with all funds raised going directly to the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation.
Events.
Past and present fundraising events include a Brain & Behavior Research Foundation nationwide Kite Fest for Healthy Minds. Annual events include: Chrissy’s Wish Memorial Golf Outing, Taking Strides Against Mental Illness, Michigan NARSAD Grants Golf Classic, Remember Johnny: Casino Night, Kayaking For A Cure, Let The Sunshine Run/Walk, Running Free with K-Wayne 5K Walk/Run, and Hike For Mental Health.

</doc>
<doc id="36716629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716629" title="Mesoraphidiidae">
Mesoraphidiidae

Mesoraphidiidae is an extinct family of snakeflies in the suborder Raphidiomorpha. The family lived from the Late Jurassic through the Late Cretaceous and is known from twenty-five genera. Mesoraphidiids have been found as both compression fossils and as inclusions in amber. The family was first proposed in 1925 by the Russian paleoentomologist Andrey Vasilyevich Martynov based on Upper Jurassic fossils recovered in Kazakhstan. The family was expanded in 2002 by the synonymizing of several other proposed snakefly families. The family was divided into three subfamilies and one tribe in a 2011 paper, further clarifying the relationships of the included genera.
Morphology and habitat.
Mesoraphidiidae are similar in overall appearance to modern snakefly species, having an elongated prothorax, giving a snake-like profile and from which the common name snakefly is derived. The family was likely tree-dwelling by nature, with larvae being active predators in trunks and branches. Female mesoraphidiids, where known and complete enough, have a long and densely annultated ovipositor which would have been used to lay eggs in crevices of bark. The family was restricted to the Northern Hemisphere, living in the warm temperate and paratropical forest belt that covered portions of Eurasia and North America.
History and classification.
As currently described, Mesoraphidiidae contains twenty-five genera, though several of the included genera were previously placed into separate families. As noted by Günter Bechly and Karin Wolf-Schwenninger in 2011, the defining characteristic shared by all members of the family is the placement of the fore-wings m1, m2 and m3 cells in a triangular pattern. 
The genera "Alloraphidia", "Archeraphidia", and "Pararaphidia" were formerly placed into the family Alloraphidiidae. When reviewing the snakefly fossil record in 2002, paleoentomologist Michael S. Engel noted the lack of convincing distinctions between the two families, but tentatively retained the separation. In the same paper Engel moved the genera "Huaxiaraphidia", "Jilinoraphidia", and "Sinoraphidia" into Mesoraphidiidae and placed the monotypic families Huaxiaraphidiidae, Jilinoraphidiidae and Sinoraphidiidae as synonyms of Mesoraphidiidae. Engel did not give an explanation for the synonymizing of Huaxiaraphidiidae other than noting that the genus "Huaxiaraphidia" might be a synonym of "Mesoraphidia" and the type specimens should be reexamined. Similarly Engel did not give a specific explanation for the synonymy of Sinoraphidiidae beyond noting the poor type description of "Sinoraphidia" and a need to reexamine the type specimens. The creation of Jilinoraphidiidae was based on the apparent lack of crossveins in the forewings of the type specimen. However, Engel notes the lack of crossveins is due to the incomplete nature of the specimen, as there are several major longitudinal veins that show missing sections due to lack of preservation. The overall morphology and features of "Jilinoraphidia" are consistent with the other mesoraphidiids. 
Alloraphidiidae was reranked by Bechly and Wolf-Schwenninger as subfamily Alloraphidiinae within Mesoraphidiidae based on the based on the shared characters of the two groups. The subfamily can be distinguished from other mesoraphidiids by presence of a short stigma with a single cross-vein and the fore-wing possessing triple branching of the CuA, R and M veins. The genus "Caloraphidia" was described by Ren in 1997 but was later suggested to be a synonym of "Mesopraphidia". When first described the genera "Ororaphidia" and "Styporaphidia" were not placed into a specific family when first described in 2008. They stayed unplaced until the 2011 paper by Bechly and Wolf-Schwenninger who grouped them, along with the reinstated "Caloraphidia", into Mesoraphidiidae as the subfamily Ororaphidiinae. Ororaphidiinae was delineated as the genera that have a long pterostigma with a notably diffuse margin at its base. The remaining genera of the family were placed into a third subfamily, Mesoraphidiinae, all with the shared character of a Sc vein which ends about midway towards the wingtip and a pterostigma that does not have any crossveins. Within the Mesoraphidiinae, four of the genera were grouped into the tribe Nanoraphidiini. "Cantabroraphidia", "Grimaldiraphidia", "Lebanoraphidia" and the type genus "Nanoraphidia" share a group of distinct traits such as their overall minute size, the postorbital region of the head is shortened and the Rs vein in the wing with one or no forks. 
The genera described by Pérez-de la Fuente "et al" in 2012 were not placed into any of the subfamilies or tribes erected by Bechly and Wolf-Schwenninger. This was due to Pérez-de la Fuente "et al" not feeling there is enough of evidence for the monophyletic nature of the groupings. 
Mesoraphidiidae as grouped according to Engel 2002 with updates according to Bechly and Wolf-Schwenninger, 2011 and Ricardo Pérez-de la Fuente "et al" (2012): 

</doc>
<doc id="36716630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716630" title="Louisiana State Route 41">
Louisiana State Route 41

Louisiana State Route 41 (LA 41) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in an east to west direction for , spanning from LA 1/Jefferson Highway to LA 30.
Route description.
Beginning at Morganza at Ravenwood, to a point on the Jefferson Highway. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
From the west, LA 41 began at an intersection with LA 1, following the path of the Morganza Spillway levee to meet LA 30 in the town of Morganza. It met no important routes until the creation of LA 1647 in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="36716664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716664" title="Laredo World Trade Port of Entry">
Laredo World Trade Port of Entry

The Laredo World Trade Port of Entry is located at the World Trade International Bridge (sometimes referred to as "Bridge IV"). It was built in 2000 in an effort to relieve traffic from the congested downtown Laredo bridges. Most of Laredo's cross-border commercial traffic uses this Port of Entry. Passenger vehicles are not permitted to enter here.

</doc>
<doc id="36716681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716681" title="Radeon HD 8000 Series">
Radeon HD 8000 Series

The Sea Islands series (codename for the Radeon HD 8000 series) is a family of computer GPUs developed by AMD. AMD was initially rumoured to release the family in the second quarter of 2013, with the cards manufactured on a 28 nm process and making use of the improved Graphics Core Next 2.0 architecture. However the 8000 series turned out to be an OEM rebadge of the 7000 series rather than a true GCN2.0-based successor (although, some of the chips—Oland, Bonaire, etc.—are of newer developments). The new 28 nm GCN 1.1 successor was instead to be launched as the Radeon HD 9000 Series (later renamed to the Radeon Rx 200 Series), released in October 2013.
Architecture.
This article is about all products under the Radeon HD 8000 Series brand.
Multi-monitor support.
The AMD Eyefinity-branded on-die display controllers were introduced in September 2009 in the Radeon HD 5000 Series and have been present in all products since.
Video acceleration.
Both Unified Video Decoder (UVD) and Video Codec Engine (VCE) are present on the dies of all products and supported by AMD Catalyst and by the free and open-source graphics device driver#ATI/AMD.
Chipset table.
GCN-based models.
Sea Islands (HD 8xxx) Series.
1 Unified shaders : Texture mapping units : Render output units
2 The effective data transfer rate of GDDR5 is quadruple its nominal clock, instead of double as with other DDR memory.
3 The TDP is reference design TDP values from AMD. Different non-reference board designs from vendors may lead to slight variations in actual TDP.
VLIW4-based models.
Richland (HD 8xxxD) series.
These refer to the graphics integrated into Richland desktop APUs, they are VLIW4 based (like some of Radeon HD 6000 Series).
Richland (HD 8xxxG) series.
These refer to the graphics integrated into Richland mobile APUs, they are VLIW4 based.

</doc>
<doc id="36716713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716713" title="Jerry Bartholomew Sullivan">
Jerry Bartholomew Sullivan

Jerry Bartholomew Sullivan (January 1, 1859 – April 17, 1948) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
Sullivan was born on January 1, 1859, in Mount Pleasant, Iowa. He read law and entered private practice in Creston, Iowa, from 1882 to 1904. He served as the city attorney of Creston from 1887 to 1889. He worked in private practice in Des Moines, Iowa, from 1904 to 1913.
Federal Judicial Service.
On April 17, 1913, President Wilson nominated Sullivan to serve as a Member of the Board of General Appraisers, to the seat vacated by Thaddeus S. Sharretts. He was confirmed by the Senate on April 28, 1913 and received his commission the following day. He served as President of the Board from 1914 to 1925. On May 28, 1926, he was transferred by operation of law to the newly created United States Customs Court. He served on the court until his retirement on September 30, 1939, and was succeeded by Judge Thomas Joseph Walker.
Death.
Sullivan died on April 17, 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="36716762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716762" title="Khener">
Khener

Khener is an Ancient Egyptian word used to describe a troupe of singers and dancers arranged through a bureau. Victorian scholars often confused the term Khener with a harem due to poor understanding of the depictions and cultural differences. The Khener are depicted as entertainers for religious ceremonies, entertaining the deceased kings, but the Khener may not be solely religious. Khener were used at the Temples of Hathor, Bat, Wepwawet, and Horus Iunmutef.

</doc>
<doc id="36716775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716775" title="Saving Lincoln">
Saving Lincoln

Saving Lincoln is a dramatic biographical film released on February 13, 2013. It tells the little-known story of Ward Hill Lamon, who was Abraham Lincoln's law partner in Danville, Illinois from 1852 until 1857. Lamon accompanied Lincoln to Washington and served as the President's main bodyguard during the Civil War, thwarting several assassination attempts while holding the post of US Marshal. Lincoln considered Lamon a close friend, and Lamon felt likewise. Lincoln sent Lamon to Richmond, Virginia, on Reconstruction business a few days before April 14, 1865, the day that John Wilkes Booth assassinated the President.
The film was shot on a green screen stage, with a technique known as "CineCollage" used to create interior and exterior locations. Actors, extras, furniture, and props were filmed and combined with period photographs via the CineCollage process, which relied on off-the-shelf visual effects tools. The end result was a stylized look that works hand-in-hand with the movie's narrative structure, which involves Lamon's personal recollections of his friend. This was the first time such a technique was used to create an entire feature film.
Plot.
Director Salvador Litvak and his writing partner, Nina Davidovich Litvak, based their screenplay on their extensive research into Lincoln's friendship with Lamon. "Saving Lincoln" charts their relationship from their initial meeting to Lincoln's Presidency. Lamon was a tall, boisterous Southerner who liked to drink whiskey, tell jokes and stories, play the banjo, and wrestle. Despite some pronounced differences between the two men, they shared a fondness for telling jokes and stories, and both felt slavery should be eliminated. Lamon often served as Lincoln's private confidant.
The movie jumps from their initial meeting to Lincoln's presidency and the repeated attempts that were made on his life. Many well-known incidents are recounted, including the plot to kill Lincoln in Maryland, while he was traveling to Washington, D.C. after his first election – Lamon worked with Allan Pinkerton, who founded the famous Pinkerton Detective Agency, to thwart that plan. Other events include the time a bullet went through Lincoln's hat while he was riding his horse late one evening – he blamed it on a hunter firing an errant shot, but Lamon saw it as a sign that Lincoln was in mortal danger and needed even tighter security. Lamon was said to sometimes sleep by Lincoln's bedroom door, a striking image that appears in the film.
Themes in the story involve Lincoln's anguish over Civil War casualties, his conflicts with members of his cabinet, and the death of the Lincolns' son Willie, which drove Mary Todd Lincoln to the depths of despair. Such situations complicate Lamon's efforts to keep Lincoln safe.

</doc>
<doc id="36716812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716812" title="East Los Angeles Renaissance Academy">
East Los Angeles Renaissance Academy

East Los Angeles Renaissance Academy, also known as East Los Angeles Renaissance Academy:School of Urban Planning and Design and ELARA, is a pilot, traditional calendar high school founded in 2010 in East Los Angeles, an unincorporated section of Los Angeles County, California. ELARA is situated in the Esteban Torres High School campus.
About.
The East Los Angeles Renaissance Academy was one of the five schools that opened its classrooms at the Esteban Torres High School campus on September 13, 2010. ELARA was developed in a collaboration of LAUSD, UTLA, and the LA Small Schools Center. ELARA was a result of LAUSD’s Public School Choice program that gave the school its place at Torres in a public competition.
The East Los Angeles Renaissance Academy prepares students in the field of urban planning and design, ELARA students see themselves as architects of their own future and that of their community. The Academy offers a full range of college preparatory classes, independent study opportunities, project-based electives in New Media and architecture, and community-based internships—all with an emphasis in urban planning and design.
ELARA college-ready graduates obtain broad-based knowledge, learn collaborative skills, and gain the self-confidence necessary to become innovators and leaders in their communities and professions.
ELARA is "one of only three high schools in the United States with an Urban Planning/Design focus".
On June 21, 2012, ELARA had their first graduating class of 2012.
Block Schedule (2010-2012).
ELARA was on a traditional calendar, 4x4 block schedule system from 2010 to 2012 that granted students an advantage in gaining more course credits. Students had a total of 8 courses and an additional College Preparatory course known as "Advisory", every Tuesday. Tuesdays are "Banked Days", or shortened days, in which students entered school at a later time than the other days.
6-Course Rotating Schedule (2012-present).
ELARA is currently on a 6-course rotating schedule system. 5 courses are given daily. The class periods are known as "Tracks" (i.e. Track A - Government) "Banked Days", or shortened days, are still in the system.
Community Partners.
ELARA is in partnership with:
Academics.
Overall, ELARA had in 2011 a sophomore population that places slightly below average in the California High School Exit Exam (CAHSEE). ELARA had also in 2011 a student population that places below average in the California Standardized Test (CST).

</doc>
<doc id="36716828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716828" title="Anthony Mora (public relations)">
Anthony Mora (public relations)

Anthony Mora is a Los Angeles publicist, former journalist and magazine editor, entrepreneur, author, playwright, and screenwriter.
Public Relations.
Anthony Mora is the founder of Los Angeles-based Anthony Mora Communications, a private company in the PR Agencies industry. Founded in 1990, the agency specializes in media placement, image development, SEO, social media and media training.
As a public relations and media relations expert, Mora has been featured in a number of media outlets including the "New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", the "Wall Street Journal", CNN, the BBC and various other media outlets. His firm represents clients in a wide range of fields including health, beauty, law, publishing, film, entertainment, technology, and business.
Anthony Mora Communications, Inc. has represented such clients as The J Sisters, Hackensack University Medical Center, The Abi Fashion Collection and The Charles Winston Collection, Chuck Henry, HarperCollins and Putnam Publishing. The firm has placed clients in a wide range of media outlets, including "Time", "Newsweek", "60 Minutes", "Vogue", CNN, "People", the "Today Show", and hundreds of other local, national, and international media outlets.
In 2002, Mora won the Irwin Award for Book Publicist of the Year (Best Fiction Campaign).
Mora's clients in the film industry have included Paramount Pictures, Bigfoot Entertainment, Mitch Anderson, Hilary Henkin, and actresses Roxana Brusso and Holly Hunter.
Mora also works with a number of artists from painters and sculptors to authors, directors and designers. He leads a program titled "P.R. For Artists", which discusses the tools and techniques in the marketplace of art and entertainment.
Books.
Mora is the author of two non-fiction books, including:
Plays.
In 2006, Anthony served as the playwright-in-residence at The Sidewalk Studio Theatre. The theatre produced Anthony’s play, "P.O.P.: The Principles of Perfection", and the world premiere of the full play of "Bang! A Love Story".
Mora is the author of five plays:

</doc>
<doc id="36716843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716843" title="Seacoast United Phantoms (NPSL)">
Seacoast United Phantoms (NPSL)

Seacoast United Phantoms are an American soccer team based in Hampton, New Hampshire, United States. Founded in 2010, the team plays in the Northeast-Atlantic Division of the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid. The team plays home games primarily out of Portsmouth High School.
History.
Seacoast United Phantoms were announced as the pinnacle of the development pyramid for the Seacoast United Soccer Club in 2010 and began play in the National Premier Soccer League in 2011. The team was founded following the dissolution of the New Hampshire Mountaineers, which operated in the NPSL for only one season in 2010.
With the expansion of the broader Seacoast United Soccer Club organization into neighboring Maine, the Phantoms welcomed rivals Seacoast United Mariners into the Northeast-Atlantic Division of the NPSL in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36716850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716850" title="Richard Baxter Gilliam">
Richard Baxter Gilliam

Richard Baxter Gilliam is an American executive and founder of the Abingdon, Virginia-based coal extractor Cumberland Resources. In 2010, Gilliam sold Cumberland Resources to Massey Energy (currently Alpha Natural Resources) for $960 million.
Public activity.
Gilliam is a major conservative donor in Virginia, giving $750,000 in 2012 to American Crossroads, a Super PAC established by Karl Rove and Ed Gillespie, and to pro-Mitt Romney Super PAC Restore Our Future. In 2009, Gilliam was the fifth largest donor to the campaign of Virginia governor Bob McDonnell. In November 2010, McDonnell appointed Gilliam to the state's Advisory Council on Revenue Estimates.
Following the indictment of Governor McDonnell and his wife Maureen Gilliam donated $50,000 towards paying for their legal fees.

</doc>
<doc id="36716852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716852" title="Rusudan Bolkvadze">
Rusudan Bolkvadze

Rusudan Bolkvadze (born November 6, 1959) is a Georgian Actress. She graduated from 55th State School in Tbilisi and went to Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film State University of Georgia. In 1980 she enrolled at the Studio led by the famous Georgian director Mikheil Tumanishvili. Currently she is one of the leading actresses in Tumanishvili Film Actors Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="36716865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716865" title="Eric Robinson (water polo)">
Eric Robinson (water polo)

Eric Robinson was a British water polo player who is credited with a gold medal in the 1900 Summer Olympics. Robinson was a member of the Osborne Swimming Club of Manchester, which fielded the winning team. The International Olympic Committee lists Robinson as a gold medalist in the event. However, Olympic historians have questioned Robinson's participation, noting that he competed in Manchester two days after the Olympic final and that a contemporary roster does not list his name.

</doc>
<doc id="36716872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716872" title="Consumer Affairs Agency">
Consumer Affairs Agency

The is an administrative body of the Cabinet of Japan established on September 1, 2009 to protect the interests of consumers.
Background.
Individual ministries had their own relevant departments, but after a number of scandals involving food poisoning and various types of accidents caused by substandard products manufactured in or imported to Japan, it was decided that an independent body was needed to protect the interests of consumers. Consumers often did not know where to report problems, and if they did, complaints were often passed around from place to place inside the bureaucracies. In addition, past administrative policies tended to focus more on the needs and interests of producers and industry, rather than consumers.
The original plans for the agency were made in January 2008 under the administration of Liberal Democratic Party Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda, after a high-profile food poisoning case of Chinese dumplings. The bill to create the agency cleared the lower house of the Japanese diet unanimously on April 16, 2009, under the administration of Tarō Asō and with the cooperation of the then-opposition Democratic Party of Japan.
It was originally planned to open in October 2009 or later, but leading up to the 2009 election Prime Minister Aso bought forward the opening to September 1, 2009, two days after the election. As a consequence the agency was not well-prepared and faced many initial challenges. Shunichi Uchida, a former vice-minister of the Cabinet Office, was appointed the first head of the agency.

</doc>
<doc id="36716875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716875" title="Iran Constituent Assembly, 1949">
Iran Constituent Assembly, 1949

In 1949 a Constituent Assembly was held in Iran to modify the Persian Constitution of 1906. Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi convened the assembly in April; he sought a royal prerogative giving him the right to dismiss the parliament, providing that new elections were held to form a new parliament. He also specified a method for future amendments to the Constitution. The amendments were made in May 1949 by unanimous vote of the Constituent Assembly.
During the previous year, the Shah had been considering changes to the Constitution as part of his various plans to increase the power of the monarchy. He was advised against this action by British and American diplomats who thought it unwise to unbalance the separation of powers. On 4 February 1949, an assassin shot at the Shah, two bullets wounding him. That evening, the government declared martial law and a special session of parliament imposed harsh measures against the Shah's political enemies. The assassin was suspected of being connected to the religious fundamentalist group Fada'iyan-e Islam (Martyrs for Islam, or Devotees of Islam), and loosely associated with the communist-leaning Tudeh Party of Iran. The parliament outlawed the Tudeh Party and had its leaders arrested. The Shah sent pragmatic Ayatollah Abol-Ghasem Kashani to exile—he had formed a strategic alliance with the Fada'iyan. In an atmosphere of national sympathy for the monarchy, the Shah called for a constituent assembly to make amendments to the Constitution, to give him more power. He selected the constituent assembly members from his supporters. He also increased his pressure for the formation of the Senate of Iran, an upper house of parliament that had been written into the constitution in 1906 but never formed. The Senate was expected to favor the Shah.
Elections for the 16th Majlis began in late July 1949. The 16th Majlis was to be a bicameral parliament composed of the Majlis as the lower house and the Senate as the upper house. Following a framework set down in the 1906 Constitution, the Shah began appointing 30 of the 60 senators. As a reaction to the Shah's selection of royalists friendly to his views, and concerns about his rigging of the general elections, Mohammad Mosaddegh called for a protest on 13 October 1949. Thousands marched from his mansion to the royal palace gardens. There, in a meeting with Interior Minister Abdolhossein Hazhir, 20 opposition and radical politicians led by Mosaddegh demanded a halt to the Shah's hindrance of free elections. After three days of sit-in protest they extracted a promise from Hazhir that he would conduct elections fairly. Directly afterward, the committee of 20 formed the National Front coalition. In the next few weeks, elections were challenged as rigged. As a result, Hazhir was assassinated on 4–5 November 1949 by the Fada'iyan. In February 1950 at the conclusion of elections for the 16th Majlis, the National Front took eight seats in the Majlis—Kashani and Mosaddegh both won seats—and from that platform for the next few years continued to call for reductions in the power of the monarchy; a return to the Constitution of 1906. With the backing of the extremist Fada'iyan, the regular clergy, and the middle-class people, despite its minority toehold in parliament, the National Front became the main opposition movement of Iran. The self-serving constitutional changes had created a backlash against the Shah.
Background.
In 1906 during the drafting of the first Persian Constitution, a bicameral parliament was agreed upon in order to obtain royal approval from Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar. The shah was to appoint half of the 60 members of the upper house, the Senate. The other half of the Senate was to be elected by a two-stage process. The shah expected to be able to control legislation by influencing the Senate. Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar signed the Constitution at the end of December 1906 but died unexpectedly of a heart attack a few days later. Radical politicians and other constitutional delegates did not want a Senate, and after the shah died no action was taken to form one. In mid-1907, the Anjumans of the Mujahidin, a group of workers, artisans and peasants, called for much wider voting rights for men, and they expressed a wish that the Senate never be formed because it would make the nobility more powerful.
The Constitution allowed for a board of ulama (Islamic scholars) who would oversee decisions made by the parliament. The ulama were to be given veto power over legislation. Ayatollah Mirza Sayyed Mohammad Tabatabai was one of those who influenced the composition and adoption of the 1906 Constitution, but he never insisted upon the formation of the board of ulama. Rather, the wishes of the ulama were usually voiced by several members of the Majlis.
Ever since assuming the throne in 1941, the young Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi had been working to increase his power. He wanted more weapons and men for the military, which he controlled, and he wanted financial aid from the US. In September 1948, he sent National Bank director Abolhassan Ebtehaj to the US to ask the government of Harry S. Truman for military aid or financial support, and to present the idea that the Shah would activate the Senate. Ebtehaj disclosed the Shah's wish to change the Constitution so that he could dismiss an uncooperative parliament and authorize new elections. The US State Department signaled Ambassador John Cooper Wiley to meet with the Shah to relay Truman's view that the US saw no need for "constitutional reform" since the Shah directed Iran's outward-looking affairs of defense and foreign policy; the US represented that the Shah was not supposed to be in charge of internal politics. This message was affirmed by British Ambassador John Helier Le Rougetel who, seeking stability in Iran's oil industry and continued influence in Iran's parliament, said the UK also advised caution with regard to changes in Iran's constitution. The US State Department prepared a report in January 1949 describing the goal of US diplomacy in Iran as the prevention of any widening of Soviet influence. To that end, the Shah was seen as the most reliable bulwark against Communist aggression in Iran. He was invited to come visit Truman to discuss mutual concerns.
1949.
Assassination attempt.
On 4 February 1949, the Shah visited the Faculty of Law and Political Science at the University of Tehran, a symbol of secular success against the former monopoly of Islamic scholars who had previously controlled all aspects of the judicial branch of government. The Shah's visit was a celebration of the law school's anniversary. As the Shah walked from his limousine to the school steps a little after 1 pm, Nasser Fakhrarai approached him from the press area and fired a revolver. The first shot missed but the Shah's guards dropped and took cover, failing to protect him. Despite the lack of interference, the second and third shots also missed. The fourth bullet pierced the Shah's lip and cheek, knocking out some front teeth. The fifth bullet wounded his shoulder. When the gun jammed on the sixth round, Fakhrarai ran to escape. He was stopped by soldiers who quickly killed him with rifle butts and point-blank shots. At 7 pm from the hospital, the Shah spoke by radio to the country, thanking them for their support. A photo of him dressed in a hospital gown with his cheek in a bandage was published the next day in the newspapers, showing his stoicism. President Truman sent the Shah a note wishing a quick return to good health.
The assassin Fakhrarai was found with a journalist's press card showing that he worked for "Parcham-e Islam" (The Banner of Islam, or Flag of Islam), a religious newspaper opposed to secularism, and that he paid dues to the journalist's labor union loosely associated with the Tudeh Party. He had been posing as a photographer, hiding the gun in the camera case. Anxious to blame the Communists, the Shah seized the opportunity to declare a conspiracy of religious and Communist radicals, and he decreed martial law. He ordered an emergency session of the Majlis the same night he was shot. Through this session he suppressed his political opposition, including what would prove an ineffective ban on the Tudeh Party. The Shah ordered the closure of newspapers critical of his policies, and for treasonous activities he arrested 28 Tudeh leaders including the most prominent members of the Central Council of United Trade Unions (CCUTU). Mosaddegh was briefly confined to house arrest, and because the Fada'iyan were suspected, Kashani was exiled to Lebanon. Later it was determined that Fakhrarai had been planning the assassination alone for three years and had twice attempted it, failing to get close enough each time. The revolver had been given to him by Abdullah Arghani, a childhood friend who was a more radical member of the Tudeh Party, and was sympathetic to Fakhrarai's assassination plan. The press card had been forged.
Constitutional changes.
Following the assassination attempt, there was an atmosphere of sympathy expressed by the people of Iran for the Shah. The Shah used this to his advantage to promote his goal of increasing the power of the monarchy.
On 17 February 1949, the Majlis passed the Shah's Seven Year Plan, an economic program that had its roots in an economic council of 1946 and a Supreme Planning Board formed in November 1947. The Seven Year Plan was intended to be an autonomous body, independent of political forces, but the Shah saw it as a vehicle for land reform measures that would reinforce his power. With 25% of its monies earmarked for helping to fight poverty in agrarian Iran, the Shah felt that the Seven Year Plan would make the disaffected rural poor more resistant to Soviet influence. Others thought that so much emphasis on agriculture would prevent Iran from growing out of its traditional role as a resource "appendage" supplying more powerful countries. Before February 1949, the plan had proven unpopular with the Majlis who saw it as a diminution of their political influence. Despite the Majlis vote of approval, the plan was never to be implemented as intended. By May 1949, some 40% had already been dedicated to industrial bailouts as opposed to the 14.3% originally planned. Another 40% was put toward the completion of rail lines; the Shah's plans were not realized.
As part of his effort to suppress religious radicals, the Shah asked Ayatollah Seyyed Hossein Borujerdi to rein in the more strident voices among the ulama. Borujerdi, Iran's senior Islamic scholar, believed in political quietism—that the ulama should not intervene in politics. Borujerdi had already established a pragmatic realpolitik arrangement with the Shah: the secular political domain would peacefully coexist with the religious domain for the advancement of both. He called a religious conference to meet in the holy city of Qom beginning 20 February 1949. Borujerdi directed the 2,000 conference attendees to discuss whether the ulama should take part in political activity; after due consideration, the consensus was for continued quietism. (The future Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini was among those who argued unsuccessfully for political activism.) The ulama determined the punishment for violations of quietism would be excommunication. Even so, some of the more radical ulama stayed active, including the Fada'iyan, and Kashani, exerting his influence from exile.
On 27 February 1949, the Majlis voted in support of the Shah's bill calling for a Constituent Assembly to re-examine the Constitution of 1906. In March, the Shah announced the convocation of this body and he raised the question of whether the Senate should be convened for the first time, as allowed for in 1906. To fill the Constituent Assembly, the Shah chose men who were friendly to his wishes. Seyyed Mohammad Sadiq Tabatabai, a veteran ally of the Pahlavi dynasty, was made leader. While the men were preparing to meet, the Shah pushed through laws against newspaper criticism of the royal family, and laws which changed crown land holdings from general ownership to ownership under his name alone.
Former Prime Minister Ahmad Qavam, writing from exile in Paris, published an open letter to the Shah which was very critical of any change to the Constitution. Qavam compared the Shah negatively to the hated Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar, Iran's short-lived ruler who fought to reverse the democratic advances allowed by his father in 1906. Qavam said the current shah would create a political backlash if he tried to take more power—a prediction that later proved correct. Rather than respond personally, the Shah directed former prime minister Ebrahim Hakimi to publish a severe chastisement of Qavam, accusing him of treasonous collusion with the Soviets during the Iran crisis of 1946. The Shah forbid newspapers in Tehran to print Qavam's first letter and a response; only Hakimi's letter was printed. The Shah also took away the honorific title of "hazrat-e ashraf" (his noblest excellency) that he had conferred upon Qavam for the same diplomatic achievements that were now being called treason.
Mosaddegh worked to secure the release of some of those who had been arrested, succeeding to free labor leader Taghi Fadakar. He was not successful with others of the labor activists who had been arrested or denounced for treason. Nineteen of these were sentenced by the Tehran Military Court to various prison terms on 23 April, and eight top leaders were sentenced to death on 18 May "in absentia", including Communist labor organizer Reza Rousta. Seven of the condemned men were from the CCUTU.
The Constituent Assembly met for three weeks beginning 21 April 1949. On 8 May 1949, they signed the major change to the Constitution: Article 48 was amended to give the Shah the right to dissolve parliament, both the Majlis lower house and the Senate upper house, following which he was required to arrange new elections such that a new parliament would be formed within three months of dismissing the old one. A minor change was made to the Constitution regarding the process by which future amendments were to be implemented. At the same time, the Majlis passed the Shah's bill to hold elections enabling the Senate to be formed.
Elections for the 16th Majlis.
On 28 July 1949, the term of the 15th Majlis came to its natural end. Abdolhossein Hazhir, the Shah's interior minister, initiated preparations to hold elections for the 16th Majlis, including Iran's first Senate. The Shah began selecting the 30 senators that were his to choose. The election was held, and it became clear that rural Iran was voting in favor of royalist supporters of the Shah. Mosaddegh and others reacted to what they saw as rigged results in rural elections by organizing a protest. Mosaddegh called for the people of Tehran to join him in marching on the royal palace on 13 October 1949. Thousands of workers, students and middle-class people gathered at his estate and walked together to the royal palace gates where they requested "bast" (political sanctuary), a traditional act requiring the king to provide protection. After messages were exchanged between the people and the palace, 20 of the crowd were selected as leaders, with Mosaddegh at the head. These 20 were allowed inside the royal grounds to begin "bast", in this case a form of sit-in protest. They passed a message to the Shah saying that Interior Minister Abdolhossein Hazhir had rigged the elections in rural Iran. Mosaddegh wrote a note to Hazhir saying that, "the main reason for our sit-in is that in this period of parliamentary recess when the appointment of a Prime Minister does not require a vote of inclination by the Majlis, we hope His Majesty can appoint a government whose goal is to preserve the interests of the monarchy and the nation." The protesters spent several days in "bast", including a hunger strike of two days. Finally, Hazhir met with the 20 himself and promised that the elections would be examined for fairness. If found unfair the results would be dismissed and new elections would be held. This answered the concerns of the protesters and they declared a success. Afterward, the committee of 20 returned to Mosaddegh's mansion where they agreed to form the National Front coalition. In the following weeks, the investigation of the elections commenced; many Iranians thought there would be some sort of smooth coverup of royal wrongdoing. However, on 4 November 1949, Hazhir was shot by the Fada'iyan, dying the next day. The Shah thus realized the depth of popular feeling formed against his electoral machinations; he declared the voting results invalid on 11 November. New elections were to be held in February 1950. The Fada'iyan guarded the polls to stop royal interference. Mosaddegh and seven National Front leaders were elected to the Majlis; in Tehran, Mosaddegh received the highest number of votes of any candidate.
Legacy.
The Constitution as amended in 1949 remained unchanged until 1957 when the number of Majlis seats was increased by two, and the Shah was given the right to send financial legislation back to the Majlis for reconsideration. The Iranian constitutional referendum, 1963, was seen as an approval of the Shah's White Revolution program including women's right to vote and compulsory education of children. From 1950 through 1953, Mosaddegh sought to abolish the Senate; it was finally dissolved in early 1979 during the Iranian Revolution. A revolutionary Assembly of Experts met in June 1979 to establish an entirely new Constitution for the Islamic Republic of Iran, approved by the people in the Iranian constitutional referendum, December 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36716886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716886" title="Murray Todd">
Murray Todd

Murray Todd is an Australian Paralympic athletics competitor.
He was from South Australia. At the 1976 Toronto Games, he competed in three athletics throwing events and won a silver medal in the Men's Shot Put 2. At the 1980 Arnhem Games, he competed in two athletics throwing events and won the gold medal in the Men's Shot Put 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36716887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716887" title="Santa Maria della Sanità, Naples">
Santa Maria della Sanità, Naples

The Basilica of Santa Maria della Sanità is a church in Naples, Italy, located over the Catacombs of San Gaudioso, in the Rione of the Sanità. The church is also called San Vincenzo or San Vincenzo della Sanità, due to the cult of an icon of San Vincenzo Ferrer, also called locally O' Monacone (the big monk). The church was originally attached to a Dominican monastery founded in 1577. The church was built in a centralized Greek-cross plan from 1602 to 1613 using the architectural designs of Giuseppe Nuvolo.
The main altar is elevated and accessed via flanking Baroque-style spiraling staircases, all sheathed polychrome marble. The entrance to the catacombs is beneath the altar. The interior is decorated by painters such as Giovanni Balducci, Giovanni Vincenzo Forli, Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini, Andrea Vaccaro, Pacecco de Rosa, Agostino Beltrano, Girolamo de Magistro, Luca Giordano, Francesco Solimena, Gaspare Traversi, Vincenzo Siola, Giovanni Pisani, and Filippo Donzelli.
The original church was connected to the veneration of San Gaudioso, a bishop of Abitina in the Roman province of Africa, who died in Naples in c.451 after being set adrift from the north African coast by the Vandal King Genseric. In the 1500s, a 6th-century image of the Madonna and Child was uncovered here, and led to the establishment of this church.
The marble pulpit dates from 1677 to 1705. The organ, now in disuse, dates from the early 1700s.

</doc>
<doc id="36716890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716890" title="Thomas Coe">
Thomas Coe

Thomas Coe was a British water polo player who won a gold medal in the 1900 Summer Olympics. Coe was a member of the Osborne Swimming Club of Manchester, which fielded the winning team.

</doc>
<doc id="36716900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716900" title="Harry Keramidas">
Harry Keramidas

Harold Thomas “Harry” Keramidas (born August 31, 1940 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American film and television editor. He is perhaps best known for his work in the "Back to the Future" film trilogy, co-editing with Arthur Schmidt. He has also edited the films "Children of the Corn", "About Last Night...", "The Favor", "Judge Dredd" and among other films.
He is alumnus of University of Michigan and Wayne State University, graduating with a degree in Industrial psychology. He also studied ethnographic filmmaking at UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.

</doc>
<doc id="36716905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716905" title="515 Army Base Workshop">
515 Army Base Workshop

515 Army Base Workshop is a wing of Corps of Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (EME) of the Indian Army.
The 515 Army Base Workshop is one of the eight Army workshops located across India. The headquarters, Base Workshop Group, is in Meerut. These workshops come under the Corps of Electronics and Mechanical Engineers and employ an estimated 18,000 civilian workforce. The EME kept 97 per cent of the equipment in operationally fit condition during Operation Vijay.
Task.
The unit was tasked in 2002 to build and complete flight trials of spares for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Searcher and the indigenously developed UAV Nishant. The workshop also manufactures spares of various kinds of equipment and weapon systems used by Indian Army such as missiles, tanks (T-55 and T-72), Infantry Combat Vehicles (BMP 1 and BMP 2), Artillery guns (130 mm FD Gun and 155 mm Bofors guns).
The spare parts manufactured by the workshop were of critical importance and were extensively used during Operation Parakram.
The workshop produces small range training simulator Drona, and has installed it at various naval establishments, units of the Indian Air Force, and Assam Rifles. It is a hi-tech electronic and software based equipment designed to sharpen the firing skills of soldiers. The workshop also manufactures hand grenades and small arms range training simulators for Indian Army.
The workshop is undertaking indigenisation of spares required for mine-resistant vehicle Casspir, used in counter insurgency operations for transportation of troops. 
Besides, the EME has a Station Workshop, which provides repair and maintenance support to various Defence establishments located in Bengaluru and four Maintainability Advisory Groups (MAGs) with public sector undertakings. The MAGs act as a link between the Army and industries engaged in Defence production. They are BEL, ITI, HAL, and LRDE. The MAGs look into aspects related to maintainability during design development and in-service phase of equipment being introduced or in use in the Army.
In August 2012, 515 Army Workshop was asked to double its production of Anti-Tank Guided Missiles (ATGM) simulators from 11 to 23. The workshop, which started ATGM simulators production in 2008 to meet growing requirements of Indian Army, has produced over 143 simulators. Simulators are used for effective virtual simulation for day and night engagement with a wide choice of terrain, target and attack profiles.
These simulators help perform evaluation of trainees and capabilities in engaging aerial targets without loss of life or expensive machinery.
Infantry Weapon Training Systems (IWTS) manufactured by 515 Workshop are adaptable for training on 7.62mm AK-47 rifles, Light Machine Guns, 9mm carbine and pistol and 5.56mm Realistic Imitation Firearm (RIF).
Virtual para-training simulators produced by 515 Workshop help simulate standing near the aircraft’s exit and voice commands of various scenarios to check reactions for various commands, while the trainee is suspended by a harness and wears reality goggles projecting the images simulating an actual jump.

</doc>
<doc id="36716909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716909" title="William Lister">
William Lister

William Lister (~1882–1900) was a British water polo player who is credited with a gold medal in the 1900 Summer Olympics. Lister was a member of the Osborne Swimming Club of Manchester, which fielded the winning team. The International Olympic Committee lists Lister as a gold medalist in the event. However, Olympic historians have said that Lister could not have competed as he died two weeks before the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36716921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716921" title="You didn't build that">
You didn't build that

"You didn't build that" is a phrase from an election campaign speech delivered by President Barack Obama on July 13, 2012, in Roanoke, Virginia. The phrase was publicized by his political opponents and has been described as a meme. The president's remark was made in the context of his belief that wealthy citizens should pay higher taxes to serve the public good: 
The line "If you've got a business—you didn't build that" generated controversy when Mitt Romney's presidential campaign 2012 used the phrase to create election advertisements, and conservatives quickly disseminated it across the conservative political blogosphere. Fact checking organizations called the campaign misleading as it took the words out of context.
Background.
In August 2011, while contemplating a run for the U.S. Senate, former White House financial reform adviser Elizabeth Warren gave a fiery defense of progressive economic theory at an event in Andover, Massachusetts. On September 21, a video of Warren making the case for progressive economics received attention on the Internet and became a viral video. In the video, Warren aggressively rebuts the argument that asking the rich to pay more taxes is "class warfare", by pointing out that no one grew rich in America without depending on government services paid for by the rest of society. Warren said:
Obama later echoed Warren's thoughts when he spoke in Roanoke about how private businesses rely on government investments in infrastructure.
In her victory speech on November 6, 2012, Elizabeth Warren made a callback, stating it had been "an amazing campaign, and let me be clear, I didn't build that, you built that."
Speech.
On a campaign swing through Virginia, Obama stopped in Roanoke to speak to supporters. In his remarks Obama noted that while he was willing to cut government waste, he would not gut investments that grow the economy or give tax breaks to millionaires like himself or Mitt Romney. Obama went on to say that rich people did not get rich solely due to their own talent and hard work, but that, to varying degrees, they owe some of their success to good fortune and the contributions of government. Obama said in this context:
Obama then cited the funding of the G.I. Bill, the creation of the middle class, the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge and Hoover Dam, creation of the Internet, and landing on the moon as examples of what he was talking about.
Response.
Although the remark was not initially seen as significant, it soon gained traction, and it became a hashtag on Twitter. According to David Weigel of "Slate", the first news story regarding the speech was done by Fox News. The phrase was used by the Republicans to build a political meme. The Washington Post identified the quote in full in the Top 10 political quotes of 2012 in their article of December 28, 2012.
Conservative commentators.
An opinion piece in "The Wall Street Journal" on July 17, 2012, stated that the speech is a "burst of ideological candor" and that the statement meant that "the self-made man is an illusion". In another "Wall Street Journal" piece, James Taranto wrote that "The president's remark was a direct attack on the principle of individual responsibility, the foundation of American freedom." Later Kimberley Strassel, wrote that the portion of the speech that spoke about Obama's views on the relationship between business and government was similar to statements made by Massachusetts Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren and that the effect of the speech was to "suck away the president's momentum".
In "The Washington Post", Jennifer Rubin wrote that the statement showed that Obama "revealed a level of resentment toward the private sector that was startling, even to his critics", and that the speech reflects that "the anti-business assaults "become" the campaign. Meanwhile, his affection for government becomes a chip on his shoulder, prompting him to dare those private-sector wise guys to deny the centrality of government in their success." Later, Glenn Kessler said that the Obama statement was taken out of context and that he was speaking about higher taxes for the wealthy, comparing individual initiative to the system of many people working to create supporting infrastructure.
In "The Atlantic", Andrew Cline wrote that what Obama said was an "enormous controversy – a philosophical rewriting of the American story" and that "With his Roanoke speech, Obama turned Jefferson on his head. In Obama's formulation, government is not a tool for the people's use, but the very foundation upon which all of American prosperity is built. Government is not dependent upon the people; the people are dependent upon the government." This, Cline writes, is fundamentally non-Jeffersonian. Earlier in the same publication, Clive Crook wrote that Obama's statements did not mean what his critics wrote they meant, but that the caricature resonates due to it being recognizable as part of his theme of the "rich aren't paying their fair share". Jonah Goldberg, in the "National Review", wrote that Obama's "gaffe" was at best truism, and the reason for Obama's supporters attacking others, for taking Obama's words and progressive roots seriously, is because they do not portray Obama as a pragmatist and a moderate.
Guy Benson, on Townhall.com, wrote that the Romney campaign did not take Obama's words out of context since "Obama essentially posits that no private or individual success is possible in America without the government's help." Rachael Larimore, in "Slate", wrote that it does not matter what Obama meant to say, as conservatives heard "You didn't get credit for your hard work" and even with the context of the entire speech, the reaction would be largely the same, more importantly it resonated with small-business owners. Rush Limbaugh has commented that business owners did build the roads and bridges through their taxes, and that Obama wants to socialize private profit. Mark Levin, in reaction to the speech, said that Obama was "disrespecting the American people" and that "he despises the capitalist system." Josh Barro, in "Bloomberg", wrote that Obama's speech was needlessly insulting, and that the statement resonates badly with people of all income levels; later he quoted Sam Seaborn in the television show "The West Wing" in regards to progressive taxation.
Liberal commentators.
In researching the 2002 Winter Olympics, NBC News' Domenico Montanaro found that Romney made a similar statement during his speech during those game's opening ceremony, where he said:
In "The Huffington Post", Michael Smerconish wrote that the Romney campaign did take the words out of context, and that the message of the importance of social contracts were better worded by Elizabeth Warren. Nelson Davis, president of Nelson Davis Productions, rebuked the conservatives' take on what Obama had said in Roanoke, saying that the reason why the United States has become great is due to business and government working together. Keeping with the "You didn't build that" meme, Alan Colmes wrote that Romney will not have sewed his suit, would not have built the stage used during the 2012 Republican National Convention in Tampa Bay, Florida, and that his success at Bain Capital would not have been possible without government assistance. Additionally, Anthony Gregory of The Independent Institute, wrote that the implication of the speech was "The state protects business interests so taxpayers have a partial claim on the wealth produced." Michael Cohen writing for the Guardian stated that the Republican's usage of the phrase exemplifies that they "not only toil in their own narrowly and misleadingly constructed world, but really are just "making stuff up.""
In the "New York Magazine", Jonathan Chait wrote that Romney use of the words from the Roanoke speech as a "plan of blatantly lying" about it, and the reason why it works is because of a "broader subtext" of the speech due to Obama not using his normal voice, but speaking with a "black dialect". In "Bloomberg Businessweek", Charles Kenny of the Center for Global Development also criticized the Romney campaign for taking the word out of context, and went on to state that American businesses benefit from infrastructure, and other elements of the "system" that Obama was speaking about in the speech. Media Matters has made several post targeting Fox News, and other news source who they view as using Obama's words out of context through "deceptive" editing. Ezra Klein, on "The Rachel Maddow Show", said that the political statements made in the Roanoke speech were not particularly controversial and that people rely on others and themselves.
Fact checking organizations.
FactCheck.org said that the Romney campaign and Republicans have used quotations from the speech out of context, failing to include Obama's remarks about how infrastructure and education promote business success. In an update to the post, responses from the Obama campaign were added, explaining the president's intended meanings of infrastructure and education. FactCheck.org said "We don't know what the president had in mind when he uttered those words, and his intent is not clear. Regardless, our conclusion is the same: Taking snippets of his speech ignores the larger context of the president's meaning that a business owner does not become successful 'on your own.'" Romney was commended, however, for acknowledging Obama's wider context in a July 17 campaign speech Romney gave criticizing Obama's "You didn't build that" remark.
Politifact also criticized Romney advertisements, saying that the Romney campaign, "cherry-picked a quote that made it sound like Obama was dismissive of businesses when in fact he was making a point that success comes from the combination of 'individual initiative' and the fact that 'we do things together'", and that by doing so "Romney and his supporters have misled viewers and given a false impression."
Comedic commentators.
On "The Daily Show", a news satire program, Jon Stewart said that the Romney campaign was centering its campaign on a grammatical misstep taken out of context; he additionally said that both campaigns are guilty of focusing on gaffes, though Romney had taken it "one giant step further". On "The Colbert Report", another news satire program, Stephen Colbert attempted to demonstrate that he is the only one responsible for his show's success by doing a segment of the program as a one man show, using an iPhone, desk lamp, and a whiteboard. "It didn't go so well", Meredith Blake of the LA Times reported. On "The Tonight Show", Jay Leno during his opening monologue made a play on Obama's statement in regards to unemployment. Additionally, the controversy created by the speech has become the subject of numerous editorial cartoons.
Romney campaign.
The following Monday, July 16, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney spoke about the "you didn't build that" statement in a campaign stump speech. The following day, Romney rebuffed Obama's statement in Pennsylvania by saying:
This was followed by campaign events with small business owners in multiple states (Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Virginia, Ohio, Iowa, Missouri, North Carolina, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Mexico and Nevada); two small business owners who spoke at one of the campaign events in Florida have government contracts. A new part of the Romney campaign website was created, and merchandise related to the statement was produced.
The second day of the 2012 Republican National Convention was themed "We Built It" as both a celebration of small businesses and an attack on Obama's comments. "Salon", "Political Wire", and a humor website later commented on the fact that the stadium where the GOP hosted the "We Built It" theme at the convention was constructed using 62% taxpayer financing. Country music singer Lane Turner also performed a song at the event inspired from the speech called "I Built It".
Obama campaign.
On July 17, 2012, the Obama campaign stated that the statement was taken out of context, and as the statement gained traction the campaign ran new ads in multiple states (Virginia, North Carolina, Florida, Ohio, Iowa, and Nevada) where the President directly counter's Romney's claims. In the ad Obama says while looking directly at the camera:
While speaking at the Oregon Convention Center in Portland, Oregon, on July 24, Obama rebuked the Romney campaign by saying:
Debra Krause-McDonnell, who owns a business used in the Obama ad, requested that footage of her store be removed from the ad; its TV run ended, but the footage of her store in the ad can still be viewed on YouTube. At a campaign event in Iowa, a caterer of the event wore a t-shirt saying "Government Didn't Build My Business, I Did," later explaining, "No one from the government was there when we were sweating it, when we were building this business." Due to the speech at Roanoke, a small-business bakery in Virginia declined Vice President Biden's request to make a campaign stop there.

</doc>
<doc id="36716928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716928" title="Henllan Amgoed">
Henllan Amgoed

Henllan Amgoed is a small village near Whitland, Carmarthenshire and forms part of the community of Henllanfallteg. The village is home to a chapel and a graveyard. Henllan Amgoed was served by a small local primary school until its closure in 2004, with the pupils moved to an amalgamated school, Ysgol Bro Brynach, in Llanboidy.
Henllan Amgoed takes its name from the ancient commote of Amgoed, and is the only village to retain the name of the past division. In 1697 a Nonconformist congregation formed in the village, one of the earliest in Carmarthenshire.
Notable residents.
Eileen Beasley, a prominent Welsh language activist was born and died in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36716948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716948" title="List of United States Presidents by net worth">
List of United States Presidents by net worth

The wealth of Presidents of the United States has varied considerably, with one president (John F. Kennedy) possibly being a billionaire in 2010 dollars, while some others were not even millionaires.
Most U.S. Presidents before 1845 were extremely wealthy, including Andrew Jackson, who was born into poverty, and George Washington, the richest of the period, but by no means were all early Presidents rich. Many of these early presidents were landowners, and some of them owned plantations, including their own slaves.
The Presidents of the late 19th century and of the 1920s were generally not very wealthy, despite the widespread belief that their economic policies benefited the wealthy the most. Many of these were born into poor or middle class families and did not move up the economic ladder significantly during their lifetimes, even though a number of them served as generals in the U.S. Army.
U.S. presidents since 1929 (when Herbert Hoover took office) have generally been wealthier than before; all except Harry Truman were millionaires, and John F. Kennedy, in 24/7 Wall St.'s valuation, was almost twice as wealthy as George Washington. These presidents have often received income from autobiographies and other writing; other than John F. Kennedy and George H. W. Bush, all presidents beginning with Calvin Coolidge have written autobiographies. In addition, many presidents received considerable income from public speaking after retirement, such as Bill Clinton.
As indicated in the table, four of the five richest U.S. presidents since 1929 were Democrats. The poorest U.S. president since 1929 (Harry Truman) was also a Democrat.
The figures in the table below are all from 24/7 Wall St.'s 2010 valuation of each president's peak net worth, except for the lower figure for John F. Kennedy, which comes from the "Christian Science Monitor".

</doc>
<doc id="36716956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716956" title="Anthony Mora">
Anthony Mora

Anthony Mora may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36716985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716985" title="Agua Dulce High School">
Agua Dulce High School

Agua Dulce High School is a public high school located in the city of Agua Dulce, USA and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Agua Dulce Independent School District located in western Nueces County and eastern Jim Wells County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Agua Dulce Longhorns compete in these sports 
Volleyball, Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Golf, Track & Baseball

</doc>
<doc id="36716995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716995" title="José Faustino Sánchez Carrión">
José Faustino Sánchez Carrión

José Faustino Sánchez Carrión (*Huamachuco, Trujillo, February 13, 1787 - Lurín, Lima, June 2, 1825), was an independist and politician from Peru. Also known as the "Solitario de Sayán" (English: "Solitary man from Sayán"), he had a decisive role in the establishment of the republican system of government in post-independence Peru. He was one of the writers of the first political constitution of Peru, of liberal tendencies. He later participated in the diplomatic mission which traveled to Guayaquil to invite Simon Bolivar to Peru. He died prematurely, victim of an unknown sickness.
Sánchez Carrión severed as Bolivar's secretary or general minister, accompanying him throughout his victorious campaign in Peruvian soil and acquiring the necessary resources needed by the United Liberating Army (compossed by the "Expedición Libertadora del Perú", Gran Colombia, and the Republic of Peru) which emerged victorious in the battles of Junin and Ayacucho. Afterwards, he served from 1824 to 1825 as Peru's Minister of Government and Foreign Relations, and as such signed the invitations written by Simon Bolivar for the American nation's attendance to the Congress of Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="36716996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36716996" title="Illness and injuries during spaceflight">
Illness and injuries during spaceflight

Illnesses and injuries during space missions are a range of medical conditions and injuries that may occur during space flights. Some of these medical conditions occur due to the changes withstood by the human body during space flight itself, while others are injuries that could have occurred on Earth's surface. A non-exhaustive list of these conditions and their probability of occurrence can be found in the following sources:
Results for in-flight illness rates can be found in publications such as The Journal of emergency medicine, the Annals of Emergency Medicine, and the journal of Aviation, space, and environmental medicine. Information on these rates can also be obtained from NASA's cfm Longitudinal Study of Astronaut Health database at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center. This study lists a few of the conditions that could occur and their probabilities of occurrence.
Non-emergency medical conditions.
Most of the medical conditions that happen in space are not medical emergencies and can be treated on board. About 75% of all astronauts have taken medication during shuttle missions for conditions such as motion sickness, headache, sleeplessness, and back pain. Other common conditions include minor trauma, burns, dermatological and musculoskeletal injuries, respiratory illnesses and genitourinary problems.
Emergency medical conditions.
Research on the medical emergencies that may occur in space include fatal and nonfatal arrhythmia, heart attacks, cardiac arrests, embolisms, massive hemorrhages, renal stone formations, fatal and non-fatal infections, and thrombotic complications. Of these conditions, only arrhythmia, renal colics, and infections have occurred in the history of spaceflight. The arrhythmia cases included occasional premature atrial contractions (PACs) and premature ventricular contractions (PVCs), which happened to 30% of astronauts at some point during periods of intense physical activity. Potentially serious arrhythmia cases (superventricular tachycardia) have also been reported. For example, during the Apollo 15 flight, one crew member experienced ventricular bigeminy; ventricular ectopy was reported on Skylab; and on "Mir", a crew member experienced a 14-beat run of ventricular tachycardia.
A case of coronary artery disease (CAD) has not been registered during any human space flight as of May 2014. However, due to the lack of public funding for larger space shuttles following the Columbia shuttle disaster in 2003, NASA has had to rely on the smaller Soyuz shuttles to send crews to space, which increased the waiting time for manned spaceflights and increased the average age of space crews since the mid-1990s. Since the risk of cardiovascular disease increases as people age, research on these diseases has become more important for space agencies, especially for long-term space missions. Other medical emergencies that have been observed in space include cases of urological and dental emergencies, as well as behavioural and psychiatric problems.
In a few cases, astronauts were brought back to Earth due to episodes of renal colic and arrhythmia, shortening their stays in space and possibly ending their missions.
People who are exposed to harsh environments have suffered medical conditions that could be considered as analogs of the space environment. A sample of this information is presented in Tables 8-4 through 8-6. The rate of these conditions is relatively low (10-50 cases per 100,000 people per day) and most were non-emergent (trauma, infection, psychiatric disorders), but they required an evacuation that would be impossible to provide in space. Crews living and working in harsh environments (Antarctic expeditions, submarines, and undersea habitats) had medical emergencies such as intracerebral hemorrhage, stroke, myocardial infarction, appendicitis, and bone fractures as well as cases of cancer and psychiatric illness. However, the overall rate of serious medical or surgical emergencies was low.
The most common emergencies were dental. For 100 British Polaris submarine missions, crew members required 30 fillings and 7 teeth extractions in total. Dental problems have been the cause for a transfer at sea in the U.S. Polaris submarine program. Extractions and fillings have also been required for missions in Antarctica.
The calculated rate of significant illness or injury on submarines, Antarctic expeditions, military aviation and space flight was found to be approximately 0.06 cases per person-year. If we use this data to evaluate the rate of occurrence of a medical emergency to a 2.5-year Mars mission, assuming six crew members, we get a rate of 0.9 cases per people/mission. In other words, one significant medical event could be expected per Mars mission. These estimates are likely to be low, as they do not deal with the unique problems that are associated with the space environment: radiation effects and exposure and physiological adaptation to low gravity.
As for cardiovascular emergencies, the yearly number of cases reported by age group for USAF aviators over 5 years was as follows: 0.0054% (30–34 years), 0.018% (35–39 years), 0.038% (40–44 years), 0.14% (45–49 years) and 0.13% (50–54 years). In total, 21% were cases of sudden death and 61% were diagnosed and treated as myocardial infarction. Despite the physical screening that USAF aviators undergo, the first instance of cardiovascular illnesses in this group required serious medical intervention. This data could apply to the astronaut corps as well, even if they undergo a more extensive medical assessment.
In the submarine program, the most common general surgical condition was appendicitis. A case of death due to appendicitis was also reported among the participants of Antarctic expeditions. Other serious conditions reported in the submarine program were traumatic amputations, fractures, and dislocations. Depression and anxiety were the two most common psychiatric diagnoses made on submarines, and they are frequent among researchers enduring long Antarctic winters.
Medical conditions due to long-term space flights.
Radiation exposure could also cause medical problems due to the technical problems involved in the shielding of space craft, especially given the length of missions to Mars. Given that these missions could last several years at the level of technology available in 2014, age-related medical conditions would be likely to occur at the same rate as the general population. These probabilities have been assessed in astronaut pre- and post-flight health databases.
Another problem related to long-term missions has been the design of medical care systems within space craft due to the limited amount of available space. Medical care systems for spaceships must include the technology necessary to heal exposure to toxic chemicals and gases, and chemical and electrical burns. Astronauts may also suffer from trauma aboard and during extra-vehicular activities outside space craft.

</doc>
<doc id="36717031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717031" title="Hoover City Schools">
Hoover City Schools

Hoover City Schools is the public school district serving the city of Hoover, Alabama. , there are currently 17 schools in the system: 10 elementary schools, three middle schools, two high schools, one intermediate school, and one alternative school, with a student enrollment of 13,170. The system will likely continue to grow rapidly along with the city of Hoover. The district is overseen by the Hoover Board of Education.
Awards.
Spain Park High School was named a National Blue Ribbon School in 2008. It also received the National Lighthouse Blue Ribbon Schools of Excellence Award that year, making it the only school in the U.S. to have received both Blue Ribbon awards in the same year.<br> Both Hoover High School and Spain Park High School have always ranked in the top high schools in the nation. <br> Hoover City Schools was featured in a Dell educational technology video which was filmed in several district schools in April 2012.
Athletics.
Hoover High School's teams are known as the Buccaneers, or the Bucs, and Spain Park's are known as the Jaguars, or Jags. MTV's series "Two-A-Days" was about Hoover High School's highly ranked football program, and Spain Park was also featured in the show as the schools are arch-rivals.<br> Hoover High has won over 40 championships in 20 sports. It is considered to be on the edge of joining an elite group of high school athletic programs with Punahou in Hawaii, Mater Dei in California, Eden Prairie in Minnesota, and Randolph in Wisconsin.<br> The newer Spain Park High School, opened in 2001, has nine state championships in five sports.

</doc>
<doc id="36717033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717033" title="Revolting Society">
Revolting Society

Revolting Society (in Chinese 背骨樂團) is a Taiwanese thrash metal band made up of 614 (vocals/guitar), Derek (guitar
), BigSu (bass) and OldKill (drums)

</doc>
<doc id="36717039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717039" title="Laredo Convent Avenue Port of Entry">
Laredo Convent Avenue Port of Entry

The Laredo Convent Avenue Port of Entry is located at the Gateway to the Americas International Bridge (sometimes referred to as "Bridge I" or "Old Bridge" or "Convent Avenue Bridge"). Since 1889, a bridge connected Laredo, Texas with Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas at this location. For many years, this was the only crossing for vehicular and pedestrian traffic between the two cities.

</doc>
<doc id="36717040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717040" title="William Gowans">
William Gowans

William Gowans (March 29, 1803 - November 27, 1870) was a prominent antiquarian bookseller in New York City. He ran a bookstore for over 40 years, and for his last 10 years was the proprietor of a famously cluttered shop overflowing with volumes on Nassau Street in lower Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="36717069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717069" title="Torita Isaac">
Torita Isaac

Torita Isaac (born 5 July 1995) is an Indigenous Australian athlete. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics in the 100 metre, 200 metre and 4 x 100m events. She did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal.
Isaac was born on 5 July 1995. She is from Jimboomba, Queensland. She has cerebral palsy. She has fractured her legs eleven times. She has broken both arms falling off a horse.
Athletics.
Isaac is an athlete, specialising in sprints. She has been classified as a T13 before being reclassified to T38. She is a member of Jimboomba Athletics Club.
Isaac competed in the 2012 Sydney Track Classic, 2012 Brisbane Track Classic and the 2012 Adelaide Track Classic. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics in the 100 metre, 200 metre and 4 x 100m events. She did not medal at the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36717070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717070" title="Michelle Errichiello">
Michelle Errichiello

Michelle Errichiello (born 7 December 1982) is an Australian athlete. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics. She did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal.
Errichiello was born on 7 December 1982 and is originally from Strathmore, Victoria. In high school, she did not participate in any sports. In 2007, while she was putting out rubbish bins for a real estate company she worked for, a car had an accident and ended up pinning her to a wall. The accident led to her right leg being severed above the knee. In 2010, she earned the Pride of Australia medal. , she lives in Gunghalin, Australian Capital Territory and is working on a degree that will eventually enable her to be a qualified trauma counsellor.
Athletics.
Errichiello is a T42 classified athlete. She has an athletics scholarship with the Australian Institute of Sport and is coached by Iryna Dvoskina.
Prior to her accident, Errichiello jogged occasionally for pleasure but was not competitively involved with the sport. Her first athletics competition was an inter-club meet in October 2008. Her first coach was Tim Matthews. At her first competitive athletics meet, she set a world record in the 200 metre event. She first represented Australia in 2009 at the Arufura Games. In 2010, she was named the Athlete of the Year by Athletics Essendon. At the 2010 National Championships in Perth, she broke the world record in the 100 metre event. She finished fourth at the 2011 World Championships in the 100 metre event. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics. The Games were her first. She did not medal at the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36717071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717071" title="Brydee Moore">
Brydee Moore

Brydee Moore (born 1 May 1990) is an Australian athlete competing in shot put, discus and javelin. She represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and the 2010 Commonwealth Games. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics.
Personal.
Moore was born on 1 May 1990. She is from Bayswater and has cerebral palsy.
Swimming.
Moore is an athlete. She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the seated shot put, discus and javelin events as an eighteen-year-old. She finished thirteen in the women's javelin throw (F33/34/52/53) event. She trained with Madeleine Hogan in the lead up to the Games. At the Games, she was coached by John Eden. She competed in the 2010 Commonwealth Games. In the women's severe to moderate quadriplegia/cerebral palsy shot put event, she threw a distance of 5.85 metres. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="36717076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717076" title="Nathan Arkley">
Nathan Arkley

Nathan Arkley (born 27 October 1994) is an Australian Paralympic athlete. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, he won a bronze medal.
Personal.
Arkley was born on 27 October 1994. He is a paraplegic as a result of the viral infection, transverse myelitis, he caught when he was eight years old. , he lives in St Agnes, South Australia. He attended St Pauls College in Gilles Plains.
Athletics.
Arkley is a T54 classified athlete. He has a special three carbon wheeled racing wheelchair. He has been coached by John Hammon since 2009.
Arkley started competing in wheelchair athletics in 2005. Prior to his paraplegia, he participated in track at school. He first represented Australian in 2009. At the Swiss hosted 2009 IWAS Junior World Championships, he won five silver medals and two gold medals. In 2012, he won the Oz Day 10K men's junior division. He sometimes trains with Jake Lappin. In 2012, he would train by wheeling up to a week. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics. Arkley participated in the Men's 5000 m T54, Men's Marathon T54, and the Men's 4x400 m T53/54 – winning a bronze in the 4x400 m. 

</doc>
<doc id="36717077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717077" title="Sam McIntosh">
Sam McIntosh

Sam McIntosh (born 13 July 1990) is an Australian athlete. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics in the 100 metre, 200 metre and 400 metre events. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal.
McIntosh was born on 13 July 1990. In 2007, while riding a BMX bike on a family holiday in Coffs Harbour, he had an accident that left him a quadriplegic. Following his accident, he initially played wheelchair rugby. On 31 December 2011, on a dance floor, his neck was broken for a second time. He spent two weeks in hospital and three months doing rehabilitation before he was able to continue his athletics career. , he lives in Drysdale, Victoria and designs t-shirts.
Athletics.
McIntosh is a T52 classified athlete who competes in the 100 metre, 200 metre and 400 metre events.
McIntosh switched from wheelchair rugby to athletics following a meeting with Kaye Colman, the mother of Richard Colman. He started competing in 2009. In 2010, he was coached by Mandi Cole. That year, he was able to purchase a racing wheelchair that fit him better. At the 2011 Australian National Titles, he earned a gold medal in the 100 metre event, and a silver medal in the 200 metre event. In 2012, he participated in a national team training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics in the 100 metre, 200 metre and 400 metre events. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36717081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717081" title="Stuart Tripp">
Stuart Tripp

Stuart Tripp (born 13 June 1970) is an Australian cyclist. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal.
Tripp was born on 13 June 1970 in Traralgon, Victoria. His right leg was amputated following a 1994 car accident that had left him in a coma for several weeks after the initial accident. The accident happened when he was 23 years old and also resulted in both his legs being broken. Neither drugs nor alcohol were causes and his seatbelt helped save his life. Following his accident, he turned to alcohol and smoking cigarettes as a form of coping but he eventually stopped using both.
Tripp has competed in the New York City Marathon in the wheelchair class. , he lives in Northcote, Victoria and works as a qualified plumber. He also visits schools where he acts as a motivational speaker for youngsters.
Cycling.
Tripp is an H4 classified cyclist. He uses a hand cycle, and believes cycling helped save his life following his accident, taking up the sport on the recommendation of psychologist at a time when he was smoking two packs of cigarettes a day.
Tripp participated in the Victorian event in the 2012 Australian National Handcycle Series. With a time of 21:04, he finished first in the H4 event. Stuart Tripp, Alex Welsh, and Kiwi Tiffiney Perry competed together as a team in a relay race at an Australian cycling event. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36717084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717084" title="Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler">
Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler

Baron Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler (born 1874, died 1953) was a German banker, a member of the illustrious Berenberg-Gossler banking dynasty, and owner and head of Berenberg Bank from 1913. He withdrew from active management of the bank in 1932.
Born as Cornelius Gossler, he was the son of Johann Berenberg Gossler (who was later ennobled as Baron von Berenberg-Gossler) and the brother of Senator and Ambassador John von Berenberg-Gossler. Through his American-born grandmother he was a descendant of Samuel Eliot. Although he was the younger brother, the leadership of Berenberg Bank as well as the Baronial title passed to him, as his older brother John chose to became a politician against the wish of their father. He was married to Nadia von Oesterreich (1887–1962), a daughter of Constantin von Oesterreich, a member of a merchant and banking family in Hamburg originally from St. Petersburg in Russia. They were the parents of Baron Heinrich von Berenberg-Gossler.
Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler was an avowed opponent of the Nazi regime and determinedly sought to help Jewish friends and associates keeping their assets under the pressure of Aryanization, petitioned for their release when arrested and eventually helped them to leave the country. In 1939, he secured the release of Fritz Warburg.
He was a member of the board of directors of Deutsche Warentreuhand, that had been founded in 1920 by Max Warburg and Paul von Mendelssohn-Bartholdy of Mendelssohn & Co. He was also Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Universitäts-Gesellschaft Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36717093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717093" title="Natalie Smith">
Natalie Smith

Natalie Smith (born 23 March 1975) is an Australian athlete. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in shooting.
Personal.
Smith was born on 23 March 1975. She was originally from Fitzgibbon, Queensland. When she was 34 years old, she had an accident while hiking that left her a paraplegic. Prior to her accident, she was a skydiver and equestrian rider. , she lives in Hidden Valley, Victoria where she is a nurse.
Shooting is a family sport, as her grandfather is Norman Lutz who was supposed to represent Australia at the 1956 Summer Olympics but ultimately missed the Games because of a heart attack.
Shooting.
Smith is an SH1 classified shooter competing in 10m Air Rifle Prone and 10m Air Rifle Standing events. She has a shooting scholarship with the Victorian Institute of Sport.
Smith started competitive shooting in 2010 following an Australian Paralympic Committee talent search. She made the Australian Paralympic shooting shadow team in 2011. At the 2011 IPC World Cup meet in Fort Benning, she won a gold medal in the SH1 standing air rifle event. In the process, she set an Australian record. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in shooting. The Games were her first. There she participated in the Women's 10 m Air Rifle standing SH1 and Mixed 10 m Air Rifle prone SH1 – winning a bronze in the 10 m Air Rifle standing.

</doc>
<doc id="36717117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717117" title="Abebe Fekadu">
Abebe Fekadu

Abebe Fekadu (born 20 April 1970) is an Ethiopian Australian powerlifter. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, where he finished tenth. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in powerlifting. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal.
Nicknamed Abba, Fekadu was born on 20 April 1970 in Ethiopia. The Ethiopian junta executed his father around 1977, when Fekadu was about eight years old. In response to that, he joined the secret anti-government, pro-democracy movement in Ethiopia. The government did not look kindly on his activities. One day in 1997 near Gonder, while trying to avoid an arrest, he was involved in a police chase that resulted in a serious car accident that left him a paraplegic. He was initially treated by a local medicine man. He left Ethiopia for Italy in order to receive treatment, choosing Italy because his brother was living there. He moved to Australia within two years of moving to Italy because his sister was living in the country. He was initially a refugee and detained by the Australian government.
In 2007, Fekadu became an Australian citizen. He resides in Queensland as of 2012.
Powerlifting.
Fekadu is a powerlifter. He started powerlifting in 2002 after meeting Ramon Epstein while at a gym in Brisbane. His first competition lift weight was .
In 2004, Fekadu was the Australian national champion in the men's 56 kilograms event. He continued to hold the title in 2005, 2006 and 2007. In 2007, he competed in the Asian Paralympics Committee Powerlifting Cup in Kuala Lumpur, where he earned a silver medal. That year, he also represented Australia at the Arafura Games, where he earned a gold medal while lifting . He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the men's 56 kilograms event, where he finished tenth overall. Going into the Paralympics, his personal best lift was 160 kilograms. Members of the Ethiopian Paralympic team met him and shook his hand at the Paralympics dining hall during the 2008 Games. 
Fekadu was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in powerlifting in the Under 56 kg event. He did not medal at the 2012 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36717121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717121" title="Uhuru Afrika">
Uhuru Afrika

Uhuru Afrika (subtitled/translated as Freedom Africa) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Roulette label. The album features lyrics and liner notes by the poet Langston Hughes and was banned in South Africa in 1964. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 5 stars stating ""Uhuru Afrika" is one of the finest (and earliest) combinations of African rhythms with advanced jazz and it features Weston utilizing a 24-piece big band".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated

</doc>
<doc id="36717122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717122" title="Sean Finning">
Sean Finning

Sean Finning (born 22 January 1985) is an Australian cyclist. He competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games where he won a gold medal. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling as a sighted pilot.
Personal.
Finning was born on 22 January 1985 in Kyneton, Victoria. He attended Castlemaine Secondary College, leaving school after year 11. , he lives in Castlemaine, Victoria and works for PJ's Discount Tyres.
Cycling.
Finning is a cyclist. He is a member of the Castlemaine CC.
Finning competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games where he won a gold medal. In 2010, he was the sighted pilot for Bryce Lindores at the Segovia Para-cycling World Cup where he earned a gold medal. He competed solo at the 2012 Bendigo International Madison. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling as a sighted pilot for Bryce Lindores.

</doc>
<doc id="36717123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717123" title="Al Hollingsworth">
Al Hollingsworth

Al Hollingsworth may refer to:
Or also:

</doc>
<doc id="36717133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717133" title="Treaty of Alliance (1960)">
Treaty of Alliance (1960)

The 1960 Treaty of Alliance was an international agreement regarding the control and administration of the island of Cyprus. It was signed by the governments of Greece, Turkey and Cyprus in Nicosia in August, 1960.
Terms.
Cyprus attained independence from the United Kingdom on 16 August 1960 through the Zürich and London Agreement. The Treaty of Alliance was a simultaneous attempt to defuse the dangerous Cyprus dispute which existed between Greece and Turkey. 
A major element of the treaty was its specification of the exact number of Greek and Turkish troops which could remain in the new Republic of Cyprus. Small numbers of troops were permitted to provide local defense – Greece was allowed 950 personnel, and Turkey was allowed 650. The treaty also stipulated the formation of a Cypriot National Guard which would include both Greek and Turkish recruits.
A pledge to form a joint military headquarters among Greek, Turkish and Cypriot armed forces was included in the treaty, but this plan was never realized.
The treaty was augmented by the concomitant Treaty of Guarantee (1960), signed by Greece, Turkey and the UK. Though the three powers reserved the right to act unilaterally, the Treaty of Guarantee committed them to consult one another in any Cyprus-related crisis, and to attempt to forge a unified course of action.

</doc>
<doc id="36717152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717152" title="Mahamaya Temple">
Mahamaya Temple

Mahamaya Temple is temple dedicated to dual Goddess Lakshmi & Saraswati, located in Ratanpur and is one of the 52 Shakti Peethas, shrines of Shakti, the divine feminine, spread across India. 
Built in 12-13th century the temple is dedicated to the Goddess Mahamaya. It was built during the reign of Kalchuri King Ratnadev I, founder of Haihaiyavansi Kingdom having its capital at Ratanpur. There are ponds near the temple. There are also temple of Shiva and Hanuman within the campus. Traditionally Mahamaya is the Kuldevi of Ratanpur state. Temple has been renovated by the architecture department. Mahamaya temple is situated at Ratanpur, 25 km from district headquarters Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh.
The Mahamaya temple is built in Nagara style of architecture facing north beside a huge water tank. One can see the scores of ancillary temples, domes, palaces and forts now, which once housed the temple and the royal house of Ratanpur Kingdom.
Within the complex, there is also temple of Kantideval, which is oldest of the cluster and is said to have been built by a built by ascetic named Santosh Giri in 1039, later expanded by Kalchuri King Prithivideva II in 15th century. It is having four gates and beautiful carvings. It has also been restored by Archeological Survey of India. The sanctum and the mandapa are fortified with a fascinated courtyard, which was built in Maratha period in late 18th century.
Also a few kilometers away there are ruins of ancient 11th century old Kadeideol Shiva temple located on a hill top of ruined fort, built by Kalchuri ruers, who were followers of Shiva & Shakti. This temple is also being planned for restoration by archeological department.
People throng the temple during Navaratri festival, when Jyotikalash are lit to appease the mother goddess.
The guardian of the temple is considered to be Kalbhairva, whose temple is located on the approach road to the temple on the highway. It is a popular belief pilgrims, who visit Mahamaya temple also has to visit the temple of Kalabhairava to complete the pilgrimage.

</doc>
