<doc id="36741752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741752" title="Peace economics">
Peace economics

Peace economics is the branch of economics that studies the design of the sociosphere’s political, economic, and cultural institutions and their interacting policies and actions to prevent, mitigate, or resolve any type of latent or actual violent conflict within and between societies. Presuming knowledge of the cost of violence, it focuses on the benefits of (re)constructing societies with a view toward achieving irreversible, stable peace. Together with approaches drawn from disciplines such as anthropology, sociology, psychology and cognitive science, geography and regional science, and political science and international relations, peace economics forms part of peace science, an evolving part of peace and conflict studies.
Although related and at times substantially overlapping, peace economics is not war economics, nor defense or military economics, nor conflict economics, nor security economics. A key difference between peace economics and these related fields is that peace economics emphasizes a study of the presence of peace, as distinct from the absence or presence of conflict, violence, war, or insecurity.
Other definitions.
Peace economics has also been defined as “the use of economics to understand the causes and effects of violent conflict in the international system and the ways that conflict can be avoided, managed, or resolved.” This restricts the subject matter to the international realm and leaves out the study of peace itself. Walter Isard defines peace economics as “generally concerned with: (1) resolution, management or reduction of conflict in the economic sphere, or among behaving units in their economic activity; (2) the use of economic measures and policy to cope with and control conflicts whether economic or not; and (3) the impact of conflict on the economic behavior and welfare of firms, consumers organizations, government and society.” The notion of violence is absent and peace itself is not studied, but the level of analysis can be other than conflict between states. In a context restricted to international trade, another author writes that “Peace economics studies ways to eradicate and control conflict as well as to assess conflict’s impact on society.” The notion of violence is not explicit and the benefits of peace are seen only inasmuch as a reduction of conflict may improve opportunities for expanded global trade. Others make a distinction between “productive” and “unproductive” or “appropriative” economic activities their starting point of analysis in peace economics.
Economics Nobelist Jan Tinbergen defines peace economics as “economic science used for purpose that prohibits as an instrument of settling conflicts between nations and [to organize the world in a way that warfare is punished.” Violence is addressed only at the level of sovereigns, not dealing with civil war or debilitating organized or individual-level criminal violence. In related work, Tinbergen writes about a world order that would inhibit violence and permit peace between and among states. In his view, this requires a “world government,” a sentiment not now commonly agreed among economists. These definitions of peace economics all share Johan Galtung’s characterization of negative peace (the absence of violent conflict) as opposed to positive peace (the presence of peace-enabling structures).
Methods, norms, and context.
A number of peace economists are explicit about the use of particular explanatory schema to be applied in peace economics, e.g., rational choice theory. In contrast, the main definition of peace economics is open to a variety of approaches. Virtually all authors acknowledge that peace economics is part of both positive economics and normative economics. While for most contemporary economists, work in positive economics may lead them to lay out a descriptive array or evaluation of policy choices from which one that is most valued is recommended to or chosen by policy makers, in peace economics, in contrast, it is the norm of peace to be achieved that inspires the search for a system design that can reliably deliver on the desired norm.
Peace economics is built on general systems theory exemplified by the work of Kenneth Boulding. Earth may be viewed as a self-regulating (homeostatic) system, consisting of natural and social subsystems. In each, deviation from a set goal is self-corrected through feedback loops. Homeostatic systems are commonly observed in nature, such as in ecology and in the physiology of organisms (e.g., self-regulation of population sizes, self-regulation of body heat). The systems concept has been adopted in the engineering sciences, for example in designing thermostats. The user sets a desired goal state (temperature), the instrument measures the actual state, and for a deviation of sufficient degree a corrective action is taken (heating or cooling).
Relatively new is the insight that social systems designed to achieve certain purposes (e.g., the retirement or pension system) imply a choice architecture that may permit failed or failing social systems to persist. Similarly, choice architecture may facilitate the (re)design of institutions aimed at securing beneficial social outcomes such as peace. This is social engineering applied to the problem of peace (peace engineering) and overlaps with ideas of mechanism design (reverse game theory) in which a solution is stipulated a priori and the structure of the game that would bring about the desired outcome is inferred. In this way, system design links back to normative economics.
Examples.
World War I and the Paris Peace Conference.
Upon resigning from the United Kingdom’s Treasury team at the Paris Peace Conference in June 1919, John Maynard Keynes penned a small book. Published in 1920, "The Economic Consequences of the Peace" famously lays out his case for why the allies’ Terms of Peace to be imposed on Germany were physically and financially impossible to fulfill and how they would encourage Germany to rise up again. Predicting a coming World War II, Keynes wrote: “... if this view of nations and of their relation to one another (i.e., a Carthaginian Peace) is adopted by the democracies of Western Europe, and is financed by the United States, heaven help us all. If we aim deliberately at the impoverishment of Central Europe, vengeance, I dare predict, will not limp. Nothing can then delay for very long that final civil war between the forces of Reaction and the despairing convulsions of Revolution, before which the horrors of the late German war will fade into nothing, and which will destroy, whoever is victor, the civilisation and the progress of our generation.” Although Keynes’ effort to change the treaty terms failed, it is a dramatic demonstration of what peace economics is about: the creation of a mutually reinforcing structure of political, economic, and cultural systems to achieve peace such that reversal to violence is unlikely.
World War II, Bretton Woods, and the Marshall Plan.
Late in World War II, as Nazi-Germany’s eventual defeat appeared clear, Henry Morgenthau, Jr., then-Secretary of the United States Treasury, advocated the partitioning of Germany, stripping it of its most valuable raw materials and industrial assets, and envisioned the complete pastoralization of Germany. Franklin D. Roosevelt and Winston Churchill agreed to the Morgenthau Plan, in modified form, on 16 September 1944. Following victory, Germany’s remaining factories were dismantled, parts, machinery, and equipment shipped abroad, patents expropriated, research forbidden, and useful engineers and scientists transferred out of the country. Despite the negotiation of international treaties at Bretton Woods to create a set of complementary global monetary, trade, and reconstruction and development institutions, namely the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (today part of the World Bank Group), and, separately, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (incorporated in today’s World Trade Organization), Germany’s and Europe’s other postwar economies collapsed. Keynes’ Economic Consequences of the Peace appeared to repeat themselves. However, Roosevelt had died and Harry S. Truman assumed the U.S. American Presidency on 12 April 1945. Even as the deindustrialization of Germany proceeded as planned, Truman’s first Secretary of State, James F. Byrnes, by 1947 took a dismal view of its effects on Germany’s impoverished population. So did former president Herbert C. Hoover in a series of reports penned in 1947. Meanwhile, Joseph Stalin’s Soviet Union emerged as a formidable power and the implication seemed clear: An economically strengthened, resurgent Germany could either be part of a new Western political, economic, and cultural alliance or else be incorporated into a Soviet one. Truman thus came to abolish the punitive measures imposed on Germany, and his new Secretary of State, General George C. Marshall, formulated what would become the Marshall Plan, in effect from 1948 to 1952. The new global institutions and the unilateral Marshall Plan action combined to endow new institutions with sufficient resources to result in a somewhat unwitting peace economics: clearly designed toward the purpose of international peace and prosperity, yet skewed toward Western Europe and the incipient Cold War. Moreover, the new social architecture was invested with incentives, such as the United Nations Security Council that provided five of its members with permanent seats and veto powers, that, while keeping superpower peace, threatened peace and prosperity in the post-colonial Third World.
Origins of the European Union.
Like Keynes, Jean Monnet participated in the Paris Peace Conference in 1919, in Monnet’s case as an assistant to the French delegation. Like Keynes, he envisioned a pan-European economic cooperation zone. Like Keynes, he would be disappointed. Despite this, the French appreciated his good efforts and awarded him with the post of Deputy Secretary-General of the then newly founded League of Nations. Monnet was but 31 years old. He resigned four years later to devote himself to international business and finance in private capacity but resurfaced during the early World War II years in positions of high influence in France, Britain, and the United States, urging Roosevelt to get on with an industrial armaments plan. Following World War II, Monnet, however, at first crafted the Monnet Plan which, similar to Morgenthau’s, envisioned the transfer of the German Ruhr and Saarland territories, raw materials, and industries (coal and steel) to France to assist it in its own reconstruction. This was approved by French Prime Minister Charles de Gaulle shortly before his resignation in January 1946. The transfer of the Saar region took place with U.S. help in 1947, while the Ruhr region was placed under an international authority in 1949 that assured France access to German coal at low prices. This led to rising frictions between Germany and the allies, just as Keynes had foretold 30 years earlier.
Monnet changed course and, together with Paul Reuter, Bernard Clappier, Pierre Uri, and Étienne Hirsch, plans were crafted that resulted in the Schuman Declaration of 9 May 1950, celebrated today as Europe Day or Schuman Day. Robert Schuman, the Franco-German-Luxembourgian statesman, French Minister of Finance, Minister of Foreign Affairs and two-time Prime Minister of France, envisioned, first, a Franco-German and, then, a pan-European sharing of crucial coal and steel resources among Italy, France, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg that would make future war “not only unthinkable but materially impossible.” By 1951, this resulted in the formation of the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC), the forerunner to today’s European Union. In contrast to the negotiations surrounding the founding of the United Nations and a set of associated organizations in 1945, the European idea appears to have been deliberately designed as a kernel with organic growth-potential, the precise development of which would be learned in future. Thus, no institutional structures were put in place that, due to accrued vested interests, would later prove to be too difficult to change.
Current research directions.
War at the interstate level has subsided and, to a degree, so have the massive civil wars that took place in the immediate Post-Cold War period (especially in Africa in the 1990s and 2000s). But violent conflict takes place at many levels, from self-directed harm (e.g., self-injury and suicide) and domestic violence between intimate partners and family members to workplace violence and organized criminal violence, all of which are massively costly and ultimately require positive, structural solutions whereby resort to violence becomes “unthinkable,” even as it may remain “materially possible.”
Journals.
Academic journals that publish work by peace economists include the "Journal of Conflict Resolution" (since 1956), the "Journal of Peace Research" (since 1964), "Conflict Management and Peace Science" (since 1973), "Defence and Peace Economics" (since 1990), "Peace Economics, Peace Science, and Public Policy" (since 1993), the "Economics of Peace and Security Journal" (since 2006), the "International Journal of Development and Conflict" (since 2011), and "Business, Peace and Sustainable Development" (since 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="36741753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741753" title="Ashraf Aliyev">
Ashraf Aliyev

Ashraf Aliyev (born on July 29, 1986 in Absheron, Azerbaijan) is a male freestyle wrestler. He participated in the Men's freestyle 74 kg at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36741782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741782" title="Amanda Fowler">
Amanda Fowler

Amanda Fowler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36741888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741888" title="List of Shuttle Carrier Aircraft flights">
List of Shuttle Carrier Aircraft flights

Shuttle Carrier Aircraft ferry flights generally originate at the Edwards Air Force Base in California or on rare occasions White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico following missions which land there, especially in the early days of the Space Shuttle program or when weather at the Shuttle Landing Facility (SLF) at the Kennedy Space Center prevents ending missions there. Flights generally end at the SLF. A number of flights have begun at the Dryden Flight Research Center following delivery of the orbiter from Rockwell International to NASA from the nearby facilities in Palmdale, California.
Other transportation methods.
Overland.
Space shuttle orbiters were constructed in Palmdale, California and transported overland to the Dryden Flight Research Center (DFRC), a distance of 36 miles. The shuttle carrier aircraft was not used for this initial leg of the journey but was used to transport the orbiters for launch at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Additionally the orbiters are routinely transported from the Shuttle Landing Facility to the Orbiter Processing Facility after landing at the Kennedy Space Center either after missions or after removal from the SCA. 

</doc>
<doc id="36741893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741893" title="Galena (Amtrak station)">
Galena (Amtrak station)

The Galena Amtrak station is a proposed train station located in Galena, Illinois, and will serve a new Chicago-Rockford-Dubuque Amtrak route that is expected to begin operation in late 2014 or early 2015. The existing depot is listed in the National Register of Historic Places, and the city of Galena proposes using the existing depot (which is currently in use as a tourist information center) as Galena's Amtrak station. However, the platforms would need to be rebuilt before Amtrak will stop there again. 

</doc>
<doc id="36741907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741907" title="Pu'u'oke'oke'o">
Pu'u'oke'oke'o

Pu‘u‘oke‘oke‘o is a mountain peak near Hawaiian Ocean View, Hawaii. This peak is a satellite and sub peak of Mauna Loa.

</doc>
<doc id="36741909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741909" title="Hallett &amp; Rawson">
Hallett &amp; Rawson

Hallett & Rawson was an architectural partnership in Iowa. George E. Hallett and Harry Rawson were partners. Brooks, Borg & Skiles is the continuing, successor firm; its archives hold plans of the original Hallett & Rawson firm. The firm's works include a number that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution)

</doc>
<doc id="36741931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741931" title="Quilín metro station">
Quilín metro station

Quilín is a freeway-median metro station on the Line 4 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It acts as a central support structure for the northern bridge of a roundabout interchange called Quilín. 
The station features an undulating roof whose central portion is part of the road deck of the aforementioned bridge. It has a mezzanine on its southern end; the mezzanine is connected to two exits by a curved grade-separated walkway, which consists of a footbridge at the center and two pedestrian tunnels at both ends.

</doc>
<doc id="36741940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741940" title="Bank of Internet USA">
Bank of Internet USA

Bank of Internet USA is an American federally chartered, full-service online bank that operates as a direct Internet banking service.
The bank is one of the first banks in the world to offer banking services exclusively on the Internet. Bank of Internet USA operates as subsidiary of BofI Holding, a publicly traded company.
History.
1999-2011.
Bank of Internet USA is a financial institution insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. It was founded in 1999 by Gary Lewis Evans, who was then president of La Jolla Bank. Based in San Diego, California, USA, Bank of Internet, USA was one of the first banks in the world to offer services exclusively through the Internet.
As of 2007, Bank of Internet USA operated in all fifty states, and was completely run and managed by 35 employees operating out of one location in California. By 2011, the bank had around 100 employees. In August 2011, Bank of Internet USA launched a person-to-person payment service called Popmoney. The service allows consumers to make financial transactions without sending cash or checks, and is used both for personal transactions and paying bills.
2011-2012.
In October 2011, Bank of Internet USA changed its name to Bank of Internet Federal Bank. No changes in ownership, mergers, or acquisitions were associated with this name change. BofI Federal Bank chose to adopt this new name and logo in order to provide an umbrella entity under which all division brands were unified.
Bank of Internet USA is a subsidiary group of BofI Federal Bank, operating as the Bank’s “flagship consumer direct Internet banking brand.” This division offers banking and mortgage products and claims that the lack of overhead fees typically used to run physical bank branches allows it to offer services at lower rates. Because it operates solely through the Internet, customers have 24-hour access to banking from any device with Internet access.
Goals.
Bank of Internet USA aims to provide banking services more cost-effectively by reducing the overhead costs of branches. Andrew Micheletti, CFO and VP of Bank of Internet Holding Inc., Bank of Internet USA’s parent company, states 

</doc>
<doc id="36741948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741948" title="Koda Kumi Live Tour 2006–2007 Second Session">
Koda Kumi Live Tour 2006–2007 Second Session

Koda Kumi Live Tour 2006–2007 Second Session (stylized as Live Tour 2006-2007 ~SECOND SESSION~_ is the third concert DVD by Koda Kumi. Kuu visited 36 cities and performed 46 venues. First press (Limited Edition) included a special slipcase, a Cherry Girl performance performed at Rhythm Nation 2006, and an annual passport. It charted #1 on the Oricon Live DVD charts
Tracklist.
Official Tracklist

</doc>
<doc id="36741953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741953" title="NGC 5970">
NGC 5970

NGC 5970 is a large barred-spiral galaxy located about 90 Million light years away in the constellation Serpens Caput. It appears to have two satellite or companion galaxies. 
Observations.
NGC 5970 can be seen 1° southwest of the star Chi Serpentis. A faint halo of dust can be seen around the galaxy's outer spiral arms. 

</doc>
<doc id="36741954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741954" title="Giovanni Paolo Lascaris">
Giovanni Paolo Lascaris

Giovanni Paolo Lascaris di Ventimiglia e Castellar (28 June 1560 - 14 August 1657) was an Italian nobleman and Grand Master of the Knights of Malta.
Early life.
Lascaris was born on 28 June 1560, the second son of Giannetto Lascaris and his wife Franceschetta di Agostino Lascaris of the ancient family of the Counts of Ventimiglia, related to the Lascaris who were emperors of Byzantium.
In 1584, he entered the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. As a member of the order he lived for over thirty years in a priory and was responsible for a range of monastic functions. He was put in charge of the order's grain supplies and later, in 1615, the order's furnaces across the island. He comported himself well and was promoted to master of the ""St Anthony"" prison.
In 1632 he was sent as ambassador to the Kingdom of Spain.
On the death of Grand Master Antoine de Paule, there were three candidates for election as Grand Master; Lascaris, "Signorino Gattinara" (about whom little is known) and Martin de Redin. Inquisitor Fabio Chigi (later Pope Alexander VII) attended as representative of Pope Urban VIII. Failing to secure enough votes for his own election, de Redin encouraged his supporters to instead side with Lascaris. On 16 June 1636, Lascaris was elected Grand Master of the Order of Malta, a position he held until his death.
As Grand Master.
Lascaris towers.
The following year, Lascaris commissioned a series of towers as fortifications around the island of Malta, now known as the "Lascaris towers". The towers were designed and built by papal military architect, Vincenzo Maculani. Lascaris Battery was named in his honor.
Martin de Redin, who succeeded Lascaris has Grand Master of the Order, commissioned further towers and the combined collection of fortifications is often referred to as the "De Redin towers".
Lascaris' ban.
In 1639, Lascaris implemented a ban on women wearing masks or attending masked balls during "carnivale". The ban was unpopular and locals blamed Lascaris' Jesuit confessor, Father Cassia. They took to the streets to poke fun at the Jesuits and Lascaris had one of the instigators arrested. A Jesuit college was ransacked as retaliation and those responsible demanded that Lascaris banish the Jesuit order from Malta, which he did for a short time while tensions abated. The incident is still remembered today as "Lascaris' ban".
Wars of Castro.
Also in 1639, Pope Urban VIII asked Lascaris to intervene in the First War of Castro by sending naval forces owned by the order to assist papal troops against the Dukes of Parma; specifically galleons and other warships. But the Dukes of Parma, as well as the Duchy of Venice, the Duchy of Florence and Duchy of Modena (who were allied with them), appealed to Lascaris not to provide the pope with support.
Lascaris played a dangerous double game; he sent warships to aid the pope while assuring the Dukes they were there only as a show of force and would not participate in the conflict. Sure enough, conflict was limited to on-land skirmishes and Lascaris' troops never fired a single shot.
Caribbean colonies.
In 1651, the Knights, with Lascaris's approval, bought the island of Saint-Christophe, along with the dependent islands of Saint Croix, Saint Barthélemy, and Saint Martin, from the failing Compagnie des Îles de l'Amérique. The Knights' ambassador to the French court, Jacques de Souvré, signed the agreement. The Order's proprietary rights were confirmed in a treaty with France two years later: while the king would remain sovereign, the Knights would have complete temporal and spiritual jurisdiction on their islands. The only limits to their rule were that they could only send French knights to govern the islands, and upon the accession of each new King of France they were to provide a gold crown worth 1,000 écus. In 1665, after Lascaris's death, the Knights sold their islands back to France, ending their brief colonial project.
The Gozo monastery.
In October 1652 Pope Innocent X closed a number of monasteries including one on Gozo. However, it was opened again after just four months thanks to intervention from Lascaris who was close to the monks of the order. A portrait of Lascaris still hangs in the monastery today.

</doc>
<doc id="36741958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741958" title="Sam Harding">
Sam Harding

Sam Harding may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36741964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741964" title="George Hallett">
George Hallett

George Hallett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36741965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741965" title="Heinz Furbach">
Heinz Furbach

Heinz Furbach (27 September 1895 – 23 October 1968) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36741991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36741991" title="Loss Pequeño Glazier">
Loss Pequeño Glazier

Loss Pequeño Glazier is a poet, professor of Media Study, SUNY Buffalo, New York, Director, Electronic Poetry Center (EPC), Director, E-Poetry Festivals, and Artistic Director, Digital Poetry & Dance (UB).
Glazier stands among literary figures at the "forefront of the digital poetics movement". He is author of the first book-length study of digital poetry, "Digital Poetics: the Making of E-Poetries" (Alabama, 2002), as well as "Anatman, Pumpkin Seed, Algorithm" (Salt, 2003), and "Small Press" (Greenwood, 1992), the major digital works, "white faced bromeliads on 20 hectares" (1999, 2012), "Io Sono at Swoons" (2002), and "Territorio Libre" (2003-2010), as well as poems, essays, film, visual art, sound, digital works, and projects for dance, music, installations, and performance. These three digital works are featured in his digital poetry performance film, "Middle Orange | Media Naranja" (Buffalo, 2010). Glazier's poetic vision was also the subject of an interview by David (Jhave) Johnston in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36742018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742018" title="Aleksandr Sokolov">
Aleksandr Sokolov

Aleksandr Sokolov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742028" title="Mitchell Todd">
Mitchell Todd

Mitchell Todd (15 March 1991 – 15 August 2012) was a Scottish rugby union player who played at lock for Nottingham. Todd was involved in a car accident near Normanton-on-the-Wolds on 15 August 2012 that claimed his life. Nottingham released a statement confirming his death.
He attended the University of Coventry and previously played for Leicester Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="36742030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742030" title="Rumely-Des Moines Drug Company Building">
Rumely-Des Moines Drug Company Building

The Rumely-Des Moines Drug Company Building at 110 SW. Fourth St. in Des Moines, Iowa is a large brick warehouse block building. It is a work of architects Hallett & Rawson. It has also been known as the Rumely Bldg, as the Federal Machine Corp Bldg, and as the Security File Warehouse Building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36742031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742031" title="Dubuque Intermodal Transportation Center">
Dubuque Intermodal Transportation Center

The Dubuque Intermodal Transportation Center is a proposed passenger transit hub located in Dubuque, Iowa, and will serve a new Chicago-Rockford-Dubuque Amtrak route that is expected to begin operation in late 2014 or early 2015. The center will also serve as the new transfer center for Dubuque's bus system, as well as intercity buses serving Dubuque. The city of Dubuque has received an $8 Million FTA state of good repair grant in addition to grants from several area institutions to go towards phase 1 of the center's construction. Phase 2 is planned to be funded by a TIGER V grant. Dubuque is currently in the acquiring funding and planning stages for the project.

</doc>
<doc id="36742046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742046" title="Fabien Devecchi">
Fabien Devecchi

Fabien Devecchi is a French rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
Devecchi played for Paris Saint-Germain, Widnes Vikings and Grand Avignon XIII.
He played in twenty test matches for France, including the 2000 World Cup and 2001 tour of New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="36742050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742050" title="Ria Popović">
Ria Popović

Ria Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Риа Поповић ; born 6 May 1992), known as "Ria Popovic" is a Serbian football defender, currently playing for Florida Polk College Eagles in Florida. She previously played for Fulham L.F.C..
She is a member of the Serbian U18 national team but is yet to make an appearance.
Personal life.
Ria was born in London, her father is from Serbia, Kraljevo, and her mother is from England, but her family also has Italian roots.

</doc>
<doc id="36742052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742052" title="U.S. Junior Figure Skating Championships">
U.S. Junior Figure Skating Championships

The U.S. Junior Figure Skating Championships were a national figure skating competition for American skaters on the intermediate and juvenile levels. 
The first such event, originally called Junior Olympics, was held in the mid 1990s. Single figure skaters qualified at the regional level while pairs and ice dancers qualified at the sectional level. 
Juvenile and intermediate levels competed at the JFS Championships until 2012. 
Beginning in 2013, all levels will compete at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="36742091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742091" title="2012 New Haven Open at Yale – Singles">
2012 New Haven Open at Yale – Singles

Caroline Wozniacki was the four-time defending champion. She retired in the semifinals against Maria Kirilenko.<br>
Petra Kvitová defeated Kirilenko 7–6(11–9), 7–5 in the final.
Seeds.
The top two seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36742126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742126" title="Madness (Muse song)">
Madness (Muse song)

"Madness" is a song by English alternative rock band Muse. It is the second track on the band's sixth studio album, "The 2nd Law" and is the second and lead single to be released from the album. It has spent 19 weeks on the summit of Billboard's Alternative chart, making it the longest running #1 on the chart, and beating out the previous record by Foo Fighters' "The Pretender".
The song was released on 20 August 2012 after its premiere on BBC Radio 1 and NRJ. The music video premiered on 5 September 2012. The song earned a nomination in the Best Rock Song category at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
The band performed the song on Turner Broadcasting's promotions for the 2013 March Madness games on TBS and TNT.
"Madness" has been featured in several television programs including "" and "Criminal Minds".
Background and writing.
According to "NME", "Madness" draws influences from Queen's "I Want to Break Free", George Michael's "Faith" and some instrumental elements of his other hit "I Want Your Sex".
During a preview on French site Jeuxactu, the song was said to resemble Depeche Mode and described as 'calm, languid and sweet'.
Matthew Bellamy stated that the song started as a personal reflection after a fight with his girlfriend Kate Hudson, and how, after she had gone to her mother's house, he began to realise "yeah, she was right, wasn't she?"
In a separate interview, Bellamy stated the song was the band's attempt to strip down the sound of the album, and that the song has its roots in 12 bar blues with gospel, soul and R&B influences. He went on to conclude that, "It's the song I'm probably most proud of on the album for sure."
Music video.
This video saw the second collaboration between the band and director Anthony Mandler, who previously directed the music video for "Neutron Star Collision (Love Is Forever)". It was edited by Jacquelyn London. The director of photography was David Devlin. Devlin's work on "Madness" was nominated for a 2012 Best Cinematography Award at Plus Camerimage. The video was filmed on the Red Line platform at Los Angeles Union Station. The two main characters are played by models Erin Wasson and Max Silberman. 
The video begins with Wasson and Silberman sitting behind each other smoking cigarettes while authorities and dogs swarming outside their train attempt to stop a riot in full swing. Throughout the video, the camera flashes to the band playing outdoors at night, among many strobelights and psychedelic effects. Though the chronological order is unclear, Wasson and Silberman are then seen walking through and then wandering among the subway station, at first alone and then amid a violent riot (though it seems they are untouched by the violence occurring around them). The physicality of the models (Wasson occasionally standing above or walking away from Silberman; other times following him and reaching for him) could suggest a parallel to the subject matter of the song: the emotional phases of conflict in a relationship. Wasson grabs Silberman forcefully by his collar and shakes him, screaming soundlessly. This again parallels the simultaneous emotional release and musical catharsis in the song, as well as the long-awaited progression and revelation in the lyrics as Bellamy at last sings of what he has realized. The characters then kiss and end up seated on the train, seemingly back to their original positions. This could also signify that this emotional exchange is repetitive.
Release and reception.
The song was released after its premiere on BBC Radio 1 at 19:30 GMT on 20 August 2012. An accompanying lyric video from the band was uploaded shortly after.
"NME" described the song as "taking the defining noise of 'bass music' and using it to create slinky, soft rock sex music." The track review goes on to call it a brilliant single and jokingly states that Muse have tamed the shark (following their declaration that Muse had jumped the shark with "Survival").
Diffuser.fm noted that the single "doesn't sound like the Muse that established itself as one of the worlds biggest rock bands" but that "the unusual blend of sounds works far better than it probably should"; giving the track 8/10.
"Rolling Stone" stated that the single sees Muse "swap bombastic bass brutality with wubby subtleties as Matthew Bellamy croons over a surprisingly gentle pop track." "Radio Times" described it as "like George Michael's Faith underwater". In a negative review of the song, Robert Myers of "The Village Voice" wrote that "the band's U2 imitation has finally caught up to "Achtung Baby" and "Zooropa"". He further added that Muse "gets the surface details right but lacks the emotional and intellectual foundation to get at their inspiration's essence."
"Rolling Stone Magazine" named the song the 37th best song of 2012.
Chris Martin of Coldplay described the single as "Muse's best song yet".
The song re-entered and peaked at #45 on the Billboard Hot 100 in its 27th week. It topped the Alternative Songs chart for 19 weeks, making it the song with the most weeks at number one ever on that chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36742129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742129" title="Giles Masters">
Giles Masters

Giles Masters was appointed as the second Attorney General of the Dominion of New England.
Masters was sworn in as an attorney in 1686.
Masters died on February 29, 1688.

</doc>
<doc id="36742137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742137" title="Mademoworld">
Mademoworld

Mademoworld is the debut studio album by Japanese DJ and musician Mademoiselle Yulia, first released digitally on September 21, 2011.
In mid-2011, preparations for the album began; beginning a world wide tour Angee Yung Robotz in April with VERBAL to promote the album, as well as VERBAL's solo album Visionair. The first single "Gimme Gimme" was released digitally on July 29, 2011 and the second, "Bam Me", was released on September 14. The album was released digitally on iTunes on September 21, followed by a physical CD release on October 5, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36742144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742144" title="Blues to Africa">
Blues to Africa

Blues to Africa is a solo piano album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1974 and originally released on the Freedom label in 1975. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "This is a particularly strong solo performance by the unique pianist Randy Weston. He interprets eight of his originals, all of which are to an extent influenced by African music".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston"

</doc>
<doc id="36742149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742149" title="Mohammed Saeed Bekheitan">
Mohammed Saeed Bekheitan

Mohammed Saeed Bekheitan is the Assistant Secretary of the Syrian Regional Command of the Ba'ath Party. He has held the position since 2005. He is a close associate of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his brother Maher al-Assad and is considered a senior decision-maker in the government.
Mohammed Bukheitan is a Sunni Muslim from Bedouin origins in Deir ez-Zor, a Sunni dominated region near the border with Iraq. He built his career in the police, eventually attaining the rank of general in the criminal security branch of the Ministry of Interior. From 1993 to 2000 he served as Governor of Hama, a major Sunni region in Syria. Since June 2000, he has been on the Regional Command of the Syrian Ba'ath Party. He headed the important National Security Bureau from 2000 to 2005 and since then has been the Assistant Secretary of the Syrian Regional Command of the Baath Party, the second highest position in the political party after the Syrian president. 
He has been described by sources as an old guard Ba'athist who opposes reform efforts in Syria, even from inside the Ba'ath party. He was sanctioned by the European Union for "his senior decision making role in the repression of protesters participating in the Syrian Civil War".

</doc>
<doc id="36742153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742153" title="Hallett Flat-Rawson &amp; Co. Apartment Building">
Hallett Flat-Rawson &amp; Co. Apartment Building

The Hallett Flat-Rawson & Co. Apartment Building at 1301-1307 Locust St. in Des Moines, Iowa was built in 1904. It has also been known as Hallett Apartments and as Arlington Apartments. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. The listing included two contributing buildings and one other contributing structure.

</doc>
<doc id="36742169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742169" title="Monty Powell">
Monty Powell

Monty Powell (born in Resaca, Georgia) is an American country music songwriter best known for collaborating with Keith Urban, and for producing albums by Diamond Rio.
Powell's first songwriting credit was a jingle for an Allstate commercial. After moving to Nashville, Tennessee in the early 1990s, Powell wrote several songs for Diamond Rio, whose lead singer Marty Roe was a roommate of his in college. Other artists who recorded Powell's songs include Tracy Byrd, Chris Cagle, Billy Ray Cyrus, Tim McGraw, Collin Raye, and Restless Heart. One of his first collaborations with Urban was his debut single, "It's a Love Thing", which reached Top 20 in 1999.
Powell won awards for Song, Songwriter, and Publisher of the Year in 2009 from SESAC. He also received a Country Music Association award in 2006 for co-writing Urban's "Tonight I Wanna Cry", and an Album of the Year award in 1994 for collaborating on "".

</doc>
<doc id="36742181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742181" title="Cynthia E. Rosenzweig">
Cynthia E. Rosenzweig

Cynthia E. Rosenzweig (b. circa 1958) is an American climatologist at NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies, located at Columbia University, "who helped pioneer the study of climate change and agriculture."
Education.
Rosenzweig attended Cook College (at Rutgers) earning a Bachelor of Science degree in agricultural sciences in 1980, and an MS in Soils and Crops from Rutgers University in 1983. She earned a Ph.D. from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Plant, Soil and Environmental Sciences in 1991.
While at NASA and Columbia's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, Rosenzweig has pioneered the study of climate change's impact on agriculture and human cities. She has been involved in numerous working groups attempting to assess and establish plans for managing climate change, including: 
Since 1993 Rosenzweig has headed NASA's "Climate Impacts" research group. Her work with the IPCC Task Force on Data was recognized with the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize awarded jointly to Al Gore and to the IPCC Task Force.

</doc>
<doc id="36742191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742191" title="Ana Belena">
Ana Belena

Ana Belena Fernández is a Mexican model, and later, actress of soap operas. She studied acting in Centro de Formacion Actoral of TV Azteca in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36742195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742195" title="Wide receiver (disambiguation)">
Wide receiver (disambiguation)

A wide receiver is a position in American football.
it may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742209" title="Atie Voorbij">
Atie Voorbij

Aartje Johanna "Atie" Voorbij (born 20 September 1940) is a retired Dutch butterfly swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m medley team event (together with Ada den Haan, Cocky Gastelaars and Lenie de Nijs) at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships. She also won a silver medal in 100 m butterfly at the same championships. She participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics and was fifth in 100 m butterfly. Between 1955 and 1960 she was five times national champion in 100 m butterfly and set nine world records in the 100 m butterfly and 4×100 m medley events.

</doc>
<doc id="36742217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742217" title="W.A. McNeill House">
W.A. McNeill House

The W.A. McNeill House at 1282 C Ave. East in Oskaloosa, Iowa was built in 1909. It was a work of architects Hallett & Rawson and of William Zitteral. It has also been known as the Abbott House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It is operated as a bed & breakfast known as the McNeill Stone Mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="36742233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742233" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's discus throw">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's discus throw

The Women's discus throw competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico took place on October 18.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of a single final round. Each athlete is allowed three throws, with the top eight athletes after that point being given three further attempts.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36742251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742251" title="Susan Henking">
Susan Henking

Susan E. Henking is a scholar of religious studies and the 14th president of Shimer College in Chicago. She was appointed to this position in July 2012. She is the first female president of this small Great Books college since its 19th-century founder, Frances Shimer, ceded control to the University of Chicago in 1896. Henking is one of the small number of openly lesbian college presidents.
Prior to becoming the president of Shimer, Henking taught at Hobart and William Smith Colleges for more than 20 years. Her teaching was principally in the field of religious studies. In 1992 she received the Faculty Distinguished Teaching Award. She was the founding editor of the "Teaching Religious Studies" series from the American Academy of Religion.
Henking blogs frequently on higher education and other topics on the "Huffington Post" and also "ChicagoNow". She has also been a regular contributor to "Religion Dispatches", an online magazine of religion, politics and culture.
Career.
Susan Henking received her BA from Duke University in 1977 and her MA from the University of Chicago Divinity School in 1979. She received her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago Divinity School in 1988, and began teaching at Hobart and William Smith Colleges shortly thereafter. Her doctoral dissertation was titled “Protestant Religious Experience and the Rise of American Sociology: A Contextual Study of Varieties of Secularization”.
In addition to teaching at Hobart and William Smith Colleges, Henking served in various administrative roles. She was the interim Dean of Faculty from 1998 to 2001. She headed the Department of Religious Studies from 2002 to 2005 and 2008 to 2009. In addition, before her departure in the summer of 2012, she served as adviser to the Board of Trustees.
Henking has also written and taught in the field of LGBT studies. Often her work has been at the junction of LGBT studies and religious studies, as in "Que(e)rying Religion" the volume she co-edited in 1997. She co-chaired the department of LGBT studies at HWS, which was the first such program in the nation.
Shimer College presidency.
In early 2012, Henking was chosen to become the 14th president of Shimer College. Her selection was the a result of an exhaustive nationwide search led by Shimer alumnus and international relations scholar Robert Keohane. Keohane described her as "ideally suited to become the next president of Shimer College." She was the first regular president of Shimer College after the acrimonious departure of Thomas Lindsay in 2010. During the intervening two years, the presidency was filled on an interim basis by Ed Noonan.
Shortly after assuming the presidency, Henking wrote in the "Chicago Sun-Times":

</doc>
<doc id="36742255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742255" title="Marsh-Place Building">
Marsh-Place Building

The Marsh-Place Building at 627 Sycamore St. in Waterloo, Iowa was built in 1910. It is a work of architects Hallett & Rawson. It has also been known as Marsh-Place. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36742281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742281" title="Julius Scheibe Cottage">
Julius Scheibe Cottage

The Julius Scheibe Cottage at 815 College Ave. in Des Moines, Iowa, United States, was built in 1898. It was a work of architect George E. Hallett. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36742304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742304" title="James Bryant (American football)">
James Bryant (American football)

James Bryant (born December 18, 1985) is an American football linebacker for the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League. He was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Louisville.
Early years.
Bryant played for Reading High School in Pennsylvania. He rushed for 984 yards as a running back and had 314 tackles on the defense. He also had 18 sacks, 5 interceptions, and 9 fumble recoveries in his high school career.
Bryant was a highly sought recruit. He committed to University of Miami (FL), February 4, 2004 after visiting Florida, Ohio State and Pittsburgh Universities.
Reading (Pa.)...An exceptional two-way player who was regarded as one of the nation's top linebacker prospects...Described by at least one recruiting service as, "the nation's most physically imposing linebacker"...As a senior in 2003, made 182 tackles, had eight sacks, four interceptions, four fumble recoveries and returned two fumbles for touchdowns...Rushed for 950 yards and 13 touchdowns as a tailback on offense...First-Team USA Today All-American and U.S. Army All-American...SuperPrep All-American...The No. 50 player on the SuperPrep National Elite 50...The nation's No. 9 linebacker by SuperPrep...Rated the No. 3 prospect in Pennsylvania by SuperPrep...Rated the nation's No. 59 prospect and No. 6 linebacker by Rivals.com...Rated the No. 14 player on the Rivals.com Midwest Major 50, the No. 8 player on the Rivals.com Atlantic East Amazing 80, and the No. 5 player on the Rivals.com Pennsylvania Top 50...Rated the nation's No. 24 prospect and No. 2 outside linebacker on Tom Lemming's Prep Football Report National Top 100...First-Team All-State selection as a senior and second-Team All-State selection as a junior...Also a starter on the basketball team...Was the MVP at linebacker at the 2003 Nike Camp at Penn State...Won the same award at the 2002 Nike Camp in Miami...As a senior, named first-team All-State linebacker by Associated Press and Pennsylvania Football News...Named to the Patriot-News Platinum 33 team...First-team selection to the All-South Team by Fox Sports Net's Countdown to Signing Day show...Brother Sam is a linebacker at the University of Pittsburgh...Chose Miami over Florida, Ohio State and Pittsburgh...Coached by Al Wolski.
College career.
Bryant played three seasons at Miami (Florida) and appeared in 32 games primarily on offense as a backup fullback from 2004 to 2007. Team's No. 2 fullback who played in all 12 games, making one start...Rushed one time for eight yards and caught two passes for 44 yards...Also returned two kickoffs for 34 yards...Made 15 tackles on special teams (second on the team)...Served as the backup fullback to Quadtrine Hill all season...Returned kickoffs at Florida State (13 yards) and vs. Georgia Tech (21 yards)...Made his only carry of the season vs. Colorado for eight yards...Got his first reception vs. South Florida, a 22-yarder, and added another 22-yarder at Temple...Started the Virginia Tech game.
Highly recruited player who was the backup fullback and a top special teams player in 2005...Switched to linebacker in 2006 and will play as a reserve competing for increased playing time...Versatile athlete who has impressive size and strength...Has exceptional speed and is a tremendous closer in pursuit...Can cover the entire field because of his range...Is a big hitter both on defense and as a blocker on offense, and he loves contact...Has shown the ability to overpower blockers who get in his way...Saw most of his playing time on special teams as a true freshman in 2004...Elementary education major.
Bryant later transferred to Louisville and sat out one year. During his final year of eligibility in 2008, James appeared in 10 games for the Cardinals recording 100 tackles, two interceptions one punt return for 26 yards, one blocked punt and 17 tackles for loss.
Professional career.
Washington Redskins.
Bryant was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent following the 2009 NFL Draft. He participated in the mini camp and was released.
Boxing.
After he was released by the Redskins, Bryant tried professional boxing for a while. He appeared as a heavyweight in 5 boxing matches and has a 4-1 record with 4 knockouts.
The 6-foot-3, 245-pound pure puncher is 2–0, both wins by first round knockouts in scheduled four-rounders. His next bout is June 15 on the Tuesday Night Fights Live card at the Hard Rock Live.
Bryant won his Feb. 16 debut over 244-pound Roy Boykins at the 2-minute mark and his second fight on April 13 over Andrew Maxwell at the 2:19 mark.
Orlando Predators.
Bryant signed with the Orlando Predators in 2010 as a defensive end and played three games. In those three games Bryant recorded four sacks, forced 9 interceptions and one kickoff return for a touchdown.
BC Lions.
Bryant played for the BC Lions in the CFL during the 2011 season. He was signed in May and was released in October 25. He did not record any offensive or defensive statistics during that time frame
Detroit Lions.
The Detroit Lions signed Bryant as a free agent on March 16, 2012. Bryant was released as a part of Lion's first roster cut on August 27, 2012.
New Orleans VooDoo.
Bryant played the 2013 season with the New Orleans VooDoo.
Pittsburgh Power.
Bryant was assigned to the Pittsburgh Power on October 10, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36742305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742305" title="Flag (painting)">
Flag (painting)

Flag is an encaustic painting by the American artist Jasper Johns. Created when Johns was 24 (1954–55), two years after he was discharged from the US Army, this painting was the first of many works that Johns has said were inspired by a dream of the U.S. flag in 1954. It is arguably the painting for which Johns is best known.
The US flag was in the news repeatedly in 1954. The McCarthy hearings came to a close on 17 June 1954, only three days after Flag Day. On Flag Day, U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed an amendment to the pledge of allegiance to add the words "under God." The "New York Times" ran article on facts and myths associated with the flag on the day before Flag Day, and then an article on the "discipline" of the flag on Flag Day itself, saying, with reference to a national air-raid drill "we are all soldiers now". Francis Scott Key, composer of "The Star Spangled Banner", was born in 1779, exactly 175 years before 1954. The Iwo Jima Marine Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery, with its large US flag, was dedicated on 11 November 1954. Johns and his father were both named after Sergeant William Jasper, who saved the fallen flag of the Americans at Fort Moultrie in the American Revolutionary War.
The work measures by . It is made using encaustic, oil paint, and newsprint collage on three separate canvases, mounted on a plywood board. The painting reflects the three colors of the US flag: red, white and blue; the flag is depicted in the form it took between 1912 and 1959, with 48 white stars on a blue canton representing the then-US states (excluding Alaska and Hawaii), and with thirteen red and white stripes. Newsprint is visible under the white stripes. Reading the texts, it is clear that the newsprint was not selected at random: Johns steered clear of headlines, or national or political news, and used inconsequently articles or adverts. The painting has a rough-textured surface, and the 48 stars are not identical. It is dated 1954 on its reverse.
Johns's selection of the US flag allows him to explore a familiar two-dimensional object, with its simple internal geometric structure and a complex symbolic meaning. Johns was attracted to painting "things the mind already knows", and claimed that using a familiar object like the flag freed himself from the need to create a new design and allowed him to focus on the execution of the painting. Critics were unsure whether it was a painted flag or a painting "of" a flag; Johns later said it was both. His work is often described as Neo-Dadaist and anticipates aspects of pop art, minimal art, and conceptual art.
Johns made over 40 works based on the US flag in the 1960s and 1970s, including a large and monochrome "White Flag" in 1955, and his 1958 work "Three Flags" with three superimposed flags showing a total of 84 stars.
The painting was included in Johns's first solo exhibition at the Leo Castelli Gallery in early 1958. Alfred Barr, director of the Museum of Modern Art, wanted to buy the work, but was concerned that it might be considered unpatriotic. He persuaded a friend, Philip Johnson, to buy it instead; Johnson bought it, and donated it to the Museum of Modern Art "in honor of Alfred H. Barr, Jr." when he retired in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36742323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742323" title="Telechips">
Telechips

Telechips is a fabless IC company headquartered in Seoul. It was founded in 1999. It produces products for portable and automotive electronics including SoC used in tablet, MID, Mobile Phone, Smart Phone, Car Audio, AVN, Mobile TV, Digital Radio, Digital TV, Media Box and OTT/STB. These chipsets are based on ARM technology and support Android, Window Embedded Compact and Linux. They are prolific in the Chinese tablet device markets with at least 20 different tablet designs using them.

</doc>
<doc id="36742345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742345" title="A Little Night Music (disambiguation)">
A Little Night Music (disambiguation)

A Little Night Music is a 1973 musical by Stephen Sondheim and Hugh Wheeler.
A Little Night Music may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742354" title="Marikana miners' strike">
Marikana miners' strike

The Marikana miners' strike or Lonmin strike was a wildcat strike at a mine owned by Lonmin in the Marikana area, close to Rustenburg, South Africa in 2012. The event garnered international attention following a series of violent incidents between the South African Police Service, Lonmin security, the leadership of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) and strikers themselves, which resulted in the deaths of 44 people, the majority of whom were striking mineworkers killed on 16 August. At least 78 additional workers were also injured on 16 August. The total number of injuries during the strike remains unknown. In addition to the Lonmin strikers, there has been a wave of wildcat strikes across the South African mining sector.
The first incidents of violence were reported to have started on 11 August after NUM leaders opened fire on NUM members who were on strike. Initial reports indicated that it was widely believed that two strikers died that day; however, it later turned out that two strikers were seriously wounded, but not killed, in the shooting by NUM members. This violence was followed by the death of another eight strikers, police and security personnel who were killed in the next three days.
The shooting incident on 16 August that the press dubbed the Marikana massacre was the single most lethal use of force by South African security forces against civilians since 1960, and the end of the apartheid era. The shootings have been described as a massacre in the South African media and have been compared to the Sharpeville massacre in 1960. The incident also took place on the 25-year anniversary of a nationwide South African miners' strike.
Controversy emerged after it was discovered that most of the victims were shot in the back and many victims were shot far from police lines. On 18 September, a mediator announced a resolution to the conflict, stating the striking miners had accepted a 22% pay rise, a one-off payment of 2,000 rand and would return to work 20 September.
The Strike is considered a seminal event in modern South African history, and was followed by similar strikes at other mines across South Africa, events which collectively made 2012 the most protest-filled year in the country since the end of apartheid.
Background.
The Bench Marks Foundation argued: "The benefits of mining are not reaching the workers or the surrounding communities. Lack of employment opportunities for local youth, squalid living conditions, unemployment and growing inequalities contribute to this mess." It claimed the workers were exploited and this was a motivation for the violence. It also criticised the high profits when compared with the low wages of the workers. The International Labour Organisation criticised the condition of the miners saying they are exposed to "a variety of safety hazards: falling rocks, exposure to dust, intensive noise, fumes and high temperatures, among others." Trade and Industry Minister Rob Davies described the conditions in the mines as "appalling" and said the owners who "make millions" had questions to answer about how they treat their workers. It was later reported by "Al Jazeera" that the conditions in the mine led to "seething tensions" as a result of "dire living conditions, union rivalry, and company disinterest."
Platinum is the main metal exploited in the Marikana mine.
First protests.
On 10 August 2012, rock drillers initiated a wildcat strike in pursuit of a pay raise to 12,500 South African rand per month, a figure which amounted to tripling of their monthly salaries (from approx. US$500 to $1,500).
The strike occurred against a backdrop of antagonism and violence between the African National Congress-allied National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) and its emerging rival, the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union (AMCU). According to a "Guardian" columnist, the NUM was closely linked to the ruling ANC party but lost its organisational rights at the mine after its membership dropped from 66% to 49% and its leadership began to be seen as 'too close' to management.
Prior peaceful protests and fatal clashes.
At the Marikana platinum mine, operated by Lonmin at Nkaneng near Rustenburg, 3,000 workers walked off the job on 10 August after Lonmin failed to meet with workers. On 11 August, NUM leaders allegedly opened fire on striking NUM members who were marching to their offices. The killing of two miners was reported in the South African media as a central reason for the breakdown in trust within the union amongst workers. Despite earlier contradictory reports, the clashes on the 11th are now acknowledged to be the first incidents of violence during the strike.
Between 12 and 14 August, approximately nine people were killed in the area around Marikana. There are conflicting reports on who killed whom during these dates. However, at least four miners, two police officers, and two security guards seem to have been killed during this time. During the Farlam Commission, the advocate for AMCU accused Lonmin of conspiring with police in killing two miners during a march back from Lonmin offices on 13 August, after which two police officers were also killed.
Before the shootings, SAPS Captain Dennis Adriao told journalists: "We have tried over a number of days to negotiate with the leaders and with the gathering here at the mine, our objective is to get the people to surrender their weapons and to disperse peacefully." However, submission's to the Farlam Commission dispute this accusing police of failing to negotiate with strikers and participating in revenge killings.
The Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union's Jeffrey Matunjwa said that the protests were in response to poor pay: "As long as bosses and senior management are getting fat cheques, that's good for them. And these workers are subjected to poverty for life. 18 years of democracy, the mineworker is still earning 3,000 [South African Rand – approximately $360 under those harsh conditions underground."
16 August shooting.
On the afternoon of 16 August, members of a contingent of the South African Police Service, from an elite special unit, opened fire on a group of strikers. 34 people were killed, and at least 78 were wounded. The incident was the single most lethal use of force by South African security forces against civilians since the Sharpeville massacre during the apartheid era.
Preliminary theories.
Footage from several different angles shows that the police were pushing the strikers into a small area. Groups of strikers began singing struggle songs, and marched along police lines. The police fired teargas and rubber bullets into these groups. At least one person in one group shot a handgun at the police. Members of this group either panicked or deliberately charged at a police line which sparked off the shooting.
Protester accounts.
A year after the incident, review of the police reaction indicated:"Perhaps the most important lesson of Marikana is that the state can gun down dozens of black workers with little or no backlash from 'civil society', the judicial system or from within the institutions that supposedly form the bedrock of democracy. What we have instead is the farcical Farlam commission, an obvious attempt to clear the state's role in the massacre and prevent any sort of real investigation into the actions of the police on that day. In other words, the state can get away with mass murder, with apparent impunity in terms of institutional conceptions of justice and political accountability.
Police accounts.
The South African Police Service said that the miners had refused a request to disarm and attacked them with various weapons including firearms taken from the two police officers killed earlier in the week. South Africa's Police Commissioner, Mangwashi Victoria Phiyega claimed that the 500 strong police force was attacked by armed strikers, stating "The militant group stormed toward the police firing shots and wielding dangerous weapons."
The day after the shooting Police Commissioner Phiyega released a statement giving a detailed account of the efforts taken by the police to avert the threat of a violent end to the stand-off. In the statement Commissioner Phiyega claims that the SAPS had on a number of occasions since the beginning of the week attempted to negotiate a peaceful end to the strike. Commissioner Phiyega also claims that the SAPS had begun receiving information that the crowd did not intend to leave peacefully and that a violent response from the miners was a likely outcome. At this point Commissioner Phiyega asserts that efforts were made to escalate defensive and crowd control measures by the deployment of concertina wire barricades and the use of water cannons, rubber bullets, stun grenades, and tear gas to break the strikers up and drive them into an area where they could better control them. It was at this point that Commissioner Phiyega claims that the efforts to gain control of the situation failed and the miners turned violent, attacking members of the SAPS. Commissioner Phiyega claims that members of the SAPS who were directly in the path of the attack had moved back in a defensive manner up until the point that it was believed that their safety was under threat, at which point they were cleared to use maximum force to halt the attack and protect themselves. Commissioner Phiyega said that the SAPS had acted well within their legislative mandate as outlined in Section 205 of the Constitution of South Africa.
Advocate Ishmael Semenya, the lawyer for the police during official inquiry described the scale of the shooting when he stated on 6 November 2012 that "No more than 100 police officers discharged their firearms on 16 August. If the commission investigates the lawfulness of police conduct, then we could have to call 100 witnesses."
Eyewitness and journalist accounts.
According to the BBC, eyewitnesses reports suggest that "the shooting took place after a group of demonstrators, some holding clubs and machetes, rushed at a line of police officers".
"The Times" reported that police did not use live ammunition until fired upon by a striking worker with a shotgun, and "The Sowetan" reported that striking miners appeared to have fired on the police, though the group which advanced towards the police appeared to be "peacefully gathering". "The Star" journalist Poloko Tau said police maintained that they had been fired on first, but Tau did not see this firsthand.
Siphiwe Sibeko, a Reuters photographer who was present at the scene, stated that he saw at least one of the protesters shoot a pistol before the police opened fire.
"Al Jazeera" reported that the strikers had been forced by police in armoured vehicles with water cannons into an area surrounded by razor wire at which point the shooting began.
The striking mine workers had gathered on 16 August on nearby Nkaneng Hill armed with spears, pangas (large machete-like knives) and sticks. A large group of women, not employed at the mine, some armed with knobkerries, joined them. Six guns were found at the scene, one of which belonged to a police officer "hacked to death" earlier during the strike.
Greg Marinovich examined the scene and found that the majority of victims were shot 300 meters from police lines where the main "charge" took place. He claims that some of the victims “appear to have been shot at close range or crushed by police vehicles.” Some victims were shot in a "koppie" where they were cornered and could have been arrested. Due to local geography they must have been shot at close range. Few bullets were found in the surrounding area, suggesting they did not die in a hail of bullets. Marinovich concludes that “It is becoming clear to this reporter that heavily armed police hunted down and killed the miners in cold blood.”
Following protests.
The day after the shootings a group of miners' wives protested singing and chanting slogans and songs from the anti-apartheid struggle. They denied that the striking miners had shot first, insisted that the strike was about wages and demanded that the police officers responsible for the shooting be fired.
Most of the approximately 28,000 employees at the mine did not go to work on Monday, 20 August after the shooting, despite a statement that those who do not would risk being dismissed. However, a spokesperson for Lonmin said that 27% of its employees were at work. The chief financial officer for Lonmin, Simon Scott, said that "nobody will be asked to report for duty if the police consider them in danger of reprisals." On 5 September, over 1,000 striking miners again protested at the mine and reiterated their demands for increased pay. There were dozens of police at the mine, while a helicopter hovered above the protesters.
Despite an agreement between the National Union of Mineworkers and the mine, a majority of the 3,000 striking members from the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union continued to stay away from work. NUM's General-Secretary Frans Baleni said there had been a "high level of intimidation" had stopped other miners from returning to work. "The workers are still scared. There have been threats that those who have reported for duty would have their homes torched. Some of the workers also feel threatened by their managers. Peace has not really prevailed at this stage, which is the main reason why workers would stay away." On 11 September, as another deadline to return to work passed, workers continued to stick their ground amid mounting solidarity protests. Following President Jacob Zuma's vow to clamp down on protests at the mine on 14 September, military convoys and other armoured vehicles were seen in the area. The next day, demonstrations turned violent after the representatives of the striking miners refused to hand in their machetes, sticks and pistols. Police then fired tear gas on the protesters in a shantytown. On 17 September, another march was stopped by police. At the same time COSATU was holding its annual congress with the issue on the top of its agenda.
Other protests.
There was a small protest outside parliament in Cape Town the day after the shootings. Two other mines also had similar protests, after the shooting, demanding a 300% salary increase. Police were present at the sites in case there was violence and to prevent an escalation of strikes. North West Province Premier Thandi Modise warned of spreading protests if the growing inequality gap was not dealth with. The same day Jacob Zuma visited the Marikana mine.
On 4 September, the Gold Fields mine outside Johannesburg also had protests by mine workers. Neal Froneman, the C.E.O. of Gold One International who runs the mine said that police were called to disperse the protesters. As a result of clashes that involved the stoning of a vehicle carrying others to work and tear gas and the firing of rubber bullets four people were injured. Froneman said: "Our security had to intervene, they used rubber bullets and police used rubber bullets and tear gas. Four people were slightly wounded and all have been released from the hospital." However, police spokesman, Pinky Tsinyane, a police spokesman, said that one of the injured workers was in critical condition; he added that four others had been arrested for public violence. The company spokesman, Sven Lunsche, further noted that about some 12,000 of Gold Fields' workers "continue to engage in an unlawful and unprotected strike" that began on 28 August and, according to him, was the result of an internal dispute between the local union leaders and members of the National Union of Mineworkers. As the solidarity protests spread to other mines, Julius Malema addressed a rally at the KDC Gold Fields mine, where a majority of the 15,000 workers were on strike. He said: "The strike at Marikana must go into all the mines. R12,500 is a reality. They must know, the mine bosses, that if they don't meet your demand, we're going to strike every month for five days, demanding R12,500." As the body of a man hacked to death was found on the same day at the Marikana mine, Malema also called for a nationwide miners' strike. On 16 September, about 1,000 miners in Rustenburg organised a solidarity march for the Marikana miners who marched the previous day. However, while this group was applying for a permit to demonstrate against police brutality the previous day, police helicopters encircled them in what was seen as intimidating leading to the miners dispersing.
On 19 September, the same as the announcement of a resolution to the Marikana strike, workers at Anglo American Platinum staged a strike demanding a similar offer at its Rustenberg mine. Mametlwe Sebei, a community representative, said in response to protests that at the mine "the mood here is upbeat, very celebratory. Victory is in sight. The workers are celebrating Lonmin as a victory." The strikers carried traditional weapons such as spears and machetes, before being dispersed by police using tear gas, stun grenades and rubber bullets against the "illegal gathering," according to police spokesman Dennis Adriao. Central Methodist Church Bishop Paul Verry said that one women who was struck by a bullet died. At the same time, an unnamed organiser for the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union of protests at Impala Platinum said: "We want management to meet us as well now. We want 9,000 rand a month as a basic wage instead of the roughly 5,000 rand we are getting." Anglo Platinum then said in a statement that: "Anglo American Platinum has communicated to its employees the requirement to return to work by the night shift on Thursday 20 September, failing which legal avenues will be pursued."
A wave of strikes occurred across the South African mining sector. As of early October analysts estimated that approximately 75,000 miners were on strike from various gold and platinum mines and companies across South Africa, most of them illegally. Citing failure of workers to attend disciplinary hearings, on 5 October 2012, Anglo American Platinum—the world's biggest platinum producer—announced that it would fire 12,000 people. It said it would so after losing 39,000 ounces in output – or 700 million rand ($82.3 million; £51 million) in revenue. The ANC Youth League expressed anger at the company and pledged solidarity with those who had been fired:
"Reuters" described the move as "a high-stakes attempt by the world's biggest platinum producer to push back at a wave of illegal stoppages sweeping through the country's mining sector and beyond". The announcement triggered the rand falling to a 3-and-a-half-year low. The events are expected to put further political pressure on President Jacob Zuma ahead of the leadership vote in December's ANC National Conference.
Arrests.
Of the detained miners, 150 people claimed that they were beaten while in police custody. In the middle of September, as police urged workers and five unnamed mines to return to work, they arrested 22 strikers for continued protesting.
Mediation.
The Ministry of Labour sought on 28 August to mediate an agreement to end the strike at a meeting set for the next day. However, the strikers reiterated their original demands of 12,500 rand a month, three times the current salary, saying that they had already sacrificed too much to settle for anything. Mediation efforts were deadlocked, as of 6 September. Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union President Joseph Mathunjwa later said: "When the employer is prepared to make an offer on the table, we shall make ourselves available", as he rejected an offer of mediation and vowed to continue striking till the miners' demands are met.
On 10 September, negotiations were set to continue from noon. Lonmin's executive vice-president of human resources, Barnard Mokwena, said: "If workers don't come to work, we will still pursue the peace path. That is very, very necessary for us to achieve because this level of intimidation and people fearing for their lives obviously does not help anybody. For now it is a fragile process and we need to nurture it."
On 18 September, Bishop Jo Seoka of the South African Council of Churches, who was mediating a resolution to the conflict, announced that the striking miners had accepted a 22% pay raise, a one-off payment of R2,000, and would return to work 20 September. However, the National Union of Mineworkers, the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union and the Solidarity union did not make any statements in response to this offer. While miners' representative Zolisa Bodlani said of the deal that "it's a huge achievement. No union has achieved a 22% increase before," Lonmin's Sue Vey said it would offer no comment as the agreement had not yet been signed. However, Chris Molebatsi, who was a part of the organising committee for the strike, said: "The campaign will go on. This campaign is aimed at helping workers. People died here at Marikana. Something needs to be done. This is a campaign to ensure justice for the people of Marikana. We want the culprits to be brought to book, and it is crucial that justice is seen to be done here. It is our duty and the duty of this country to ensure justice is served, so that we can make sure this country is a democracy and to stop South Africa from going down the drain." He also added that the Marikana Solidarity Campaign has more work to do in terms of supporting victims' families, offering PTSD counselling and to oversight the state-appointed judicial commission that would ensure justice after the vioelnce; he also noted that:
During the past week people were taken from their homes and arrested by police, and people have been shot at. We need to ensure the safety of these people, and need to help stop police action against the people of Marikana. The work is enormous. Some people still need medical attention, and we also need to look at the living conditions of workers and the community at large. Then there is the problem of the unemployment of women and the high rate of illiteracy here. We need to help realise programmes to ensure people can get an income, that they can enjoy a reasonable standard of living.
At the same time, a Nomura International analyst for the sector said of the resolution that "the key worry now is that 22% wage rises will be seen spreading across the mine industry."
The following day, however, confirmations of the agreement came from Lonmin and unions. Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration commissioner Afzul Soobedaar said: "We have reached an agreement that we have worked tirelessly for" and that the negotiations were an arduour process but congratulated all parties for being committed to reach a solution. National Union of Mineworker's negotiator Eric Gcilitshana said that there would now be stability at Lonmin with the return to work; while President of the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Joseph Mathunjwa issued a statement that read: "This could have been done without losing lives." Lonmin spokesman in South Africa Abbey Kgotle said they were content with the resolution after difficult talks and that the agreement was dedicated to those killed. The final resolution entailed the miner working at the lowest depths earning between R9,611 from the previous R8,164, a winch operator would now earn R9,883 up from R8,931, a rock drill operator would earn R11,078 from R9,063 and a production team leader would earn R13,022 from R11,818. The return to work on 20 September coincided with the last day of the COSATU conference in Midland, Johannesburg. At the same time, it was reported that an unnamed number of strikers left the unions that had previously represented them.
Legal issues.
The 270 arrested miners were initially charged with "public violence." However, the charge was later changed to murder, despite the police having shot them. Justice Minister Jeff Radebe said that the decision "induced a sense of shock, panic and confusion. I have requested the acting National Director of Public Prosecutions (NDPP), advocate Nomgcobo Jiba[,] to furnish me with a report explaining the rationale behind such a decision."
The basis for prosecutions was said to be the doctrine of "common purpose." Although many have mentioned that the doctrine had previously been used by the apartheid government, Professor James Grant, a senior lecturer in Criminal Law at Wits University, stated that, "...while common purpose was used and abused under apartheid, so was almost our entire legal system," and that "...it makes it exceedingly difficult to dismiss it as outdated apartheid law when it was endorsed in the Constitutional Court in 2003 in the case of S v Thebus. The Constitutional Court endorsed the requirements for common purpose set out in the case of S v Mgedezi, decided under apartheid in 1989."
The legal representatives for the arrested 270 miners said their continued incarceration was "unlawful" as a special judicial inquiry that had been formed by Zuma was conducting its investigation. The law firm Maluleke, Msimang and Associates wrote an open letter to Zuma, on 30 August, saying that it would file an urgent petition with the High Court for the release of those imprisoned if he does not order their immediate release. "It is inconceivable that the South African state, of which you are the head, and any of its various public representatives, officials and citizens, can genuinely and honestly believe or even suspect that our clients murdered their own colleagues and in some cases, their own relatives."
On 2 September, the National Prosecuting Authority announced that they would drop the murder charges against the 270 miners. This followed Magistrate Esau Bodigelo telling his court in Ga-Rankuwa of the dropping of charges. At the same time, the first batch of the 270 arrested miners were released. By 6 September, the second batch of over a 100 detainees were ordered released.
Official inquiry.
President Jacob Zuma commissioned an inquiry into the shooting to be headed by former Supreme Court of Appeals Judge Ian Gordon Farlam and tasked to "investigate matters of public, national and international concern arising out of the tragic incidents at the Lonmin Mine in Marikana." The hearings will begin at the Rustenburg Civic Centre and will question police, miners, union leaders, government employees and Lonmin employees about their conduct on the day. The commission would have four months to hear evidence and testimony.
The commission began its work on 1 October. Amongst the first tasks was a hearing from two representatives of the miners who asked for a two-week postponement, which was rejected by Farlam. He also took a personal tour of the site of the protests. On the first day, he toured the site of the shootings hearing from the forensic expert who had examined the site and sat at the "koppie" (hill) where the miners hid from police. On the second day, he went to see the miners' dormitories—including where families can stay and an informal settlement. Al Jazeera's Tania Page said that the site had been cleaned since the incident and that the commission's challenge would be "to see the truth and find an objective balance when all the parties involved have had time to cover their tracks."
South African judges holding an inquiry into the events were shown video and photographs of miners who lay died with handcuffs on as well as some photographs which a lawyer for the miners claimed to show that weapons such as a machete were planted by police next the dead miners after they had been shot.
General reactions.
During a trip to the European Union headquarters in Belgium on 18 September, President Jacob Zuma tried to reassure investors that though "we regarded the incident of Marikana as an unfortunate one. Nobody expected such an event." He further noted South Africa's handling of the conflict. European Council President Herman van Rompuy said: "The events at the Marikana mine were a tragedy and I welcome the judicial commission of inquiry set up by President Zuma," while he noted South Africa's growing influence. He also met with the President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso. Meanwhile, EU Trade Commissioner Karel De Gucht said: "I realise that this is a social conflict, this is completely within the remit of the South African legislation and the South African political system. But we are … deeply troubled by the fact of all these dead victims."
The strikes were later said to be the result of inequality within South African society.
Reactions to the shooting.
South Africa.
Government.
President Jacob Zuma, who had been attending a regional summit in Mozambique at the time of the 16 August shootings, expressed "shock and dismay" at the violence and called on the unions to work with the government to "arrest the situation before it spirals out of control". The day after the shootings, Jacob Zuma travelled to the location of the shootings and ordered a commission of inquiry to be formed, saying: "Today is not an occasion for blame, finger-pointing or recrimination." Zuma also declared a week of national mourning for the strikers who were killed.
National police commissioner Mangwashi Victoria Phiyega, a former social worker who was appointed on 13 June, stated police had acted in self-defense, saying, "This is no time for blaming, this is no time for finger-pointing. It is a time for us to mourn." Phiyega presented aerial photography of the events which she claimed demonstrated that the strikers had advanced on the 500 strong police force before they had opened fire.
The Ministry of Safety and Security issued a statement that read while protesting is legal, "these rights do not imply that people should be barbaric, intimidating and hold illegal gatherings." The ministry defended the police's actions, saying that this was a situation in which people were heavily armed and attacked.
The Independent Police Investigative Directorate of South Africa (IPID) announced an investigation into the actions of the police force in the deaths : "The investigation will seek to establish if the police action was proportional to the threat posed by the miners. It is still too early in the investigation to establish the real facts around this tragedy."
On 21 August, Defense Minister Nosiviwe Noluthando Mapisa-Nqakula became the first South African government official to apologise for the shooting and asked for forgiveness from angry miners who held up plastic packets of bullet casings to her. "We agree, as you see us standing in front of you here, that blood was shed at this place. We agree that it was not something to our liking and, as a representative of the government, I apologise...I am begging, I beg and I apologise, may you find forgiveness in your hearts."
Opposition Parties and Politicians outside of the Government.
The opposition Democratic Alliance criticised the police action.
Julius Malema – the former leader of the youth wing of the ANC, who had been suspended from the party four months prior to the incident- visited the scene of the shootings and called for Zuma to resign, stating, "How can he call on people to mourn those he has killed? He must step down." He also said:
The South African Communist Party, which is in an alliance with the ruling ANC and COSATU, to which NUM is affiliated, called for the leaders of AMCU to be arrested. AMCU blamed the NUM and the police and insisted that, contrary to various rumours, the union was not affiliated to any political party. Frans Baleni, the general secretary of the National Union of Mineworkers, defended the police action to the Kaya FM radio station in saying: "The police were patient, but these people were extremely armed with dangerous weapons."
Trade unions.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions, a union federation to which the strikers are opposed, supported the police account of events and said that the police had first used tear gas and water cannon on the miners, who then responded with "live ammunition".
National Education, Health, and Allied Workers' Union spokesman Sizwe Pamla said after the tragedy "This atrocious and senseless killing of workers is deplorable and unnecessary. Our union feels Lonmin should be made to account for this tragedy. We also demand an investigation on the role of labor brokers in this whole . The remuneration and working conditions of miners also needed to be addressed, as these mining companies have been allowed to get away with murder for far too long. Our police service has adopted and perfected the apartheid tactics and the militarisation of the service, and encouraged the use of force to resolve disputes and conflicts. Police tactics and training needed to be reviewed in light of Thursday's shooting. The union demands that all police officers who deal with protests be taught disciplined ways of controlling protesters. We cannot afford to have a police force that is slaughtering protesters in the new dispensation."
Speaking at a press briefing in Sandton after the confrontation, AMCU president Joseph Mathunjwa said management had reneged on commitments it had made to miners earlier in the week, claiming the shootings could have been avoided if management made good on their commitments to workers. Mthunjwa presented two documents in evidence mine management had indeed made commitments to the miners their grievances would be dealt with, but reneged, causing the violence. "Management could have stuck with their commitment. The commitment was once you're there peacefully at work, management will address your grievances through union structures," stated Mathnjwa, who noted he tried to help even though the confrontation did not involve his ACMU union. "This was an infight of the members of NUM with their offices. It's got nothing to do with AMCU.". Mathnjwa explained Amcu's leaders had been called to the site to intervene in the standoff between workers and the mine as a peaceful intermediary, even though the ACMU did not represent those involved in the dispute. "I pleaded with them. I said leave this place, they're going to kill you," said Mathunjwa, who later broke down in tears.
Mine owner.
Mine owners Lonmin issued a statement following the shootings expressing regret for the loss of life, stressing the responsibility of the police for security during the strike and disassociating the violence from the industrial dispute. Lonmin also said that the strikers must return to work on 20 August or possibly be dismissed. Simon Scott, Lonmin's acting chief executive, following the incident said that the company needed to "rebuild the Lonmin brand and rebuild the platinum brand". Workers rejected the company ultimatum to return to work and vowed to go ahead with their protests till their demands for wage increases were, as it would be an "insult" to the dead otherwise. Lonmin then extended the deadline by 24 hours, as Zuma called for a mourning period.
When the strike began, Lonmin halted production and said that it was unlikely to fulfill its full-year guidance of 750,000 ounces (approx 21.25 metric tonnnes) of platinum. Lonmin said it will have to monitor its bank debt levels due to the disruption. Lonmin's capacity to refinance its debt was also questioned.
Strikers' families.
Miners' families criticised the government's failure to produce a list of the dead two days after the incident, leaving many to worry whether missing members of their families were amongst those killed, wounded, or arrested during 16 August incident.
Strikers and family members also blame NUM for starting the violence by shooting strikers on 11 August.
Religious leaders.
A delegation from the National Inter-faith Council of South Africa (NIFC-SA) visited Marikana on 21 August to offer condolences and support to the community. The delegation included Rhema Church head, Pastor Ray McCauley and Catholic Archbishop of Johannesburg, Buti Tlhagale, and Chief Rabbi of South Africa, Warren Goldstein.
Other.
The director of the Institute for Democracy in Africa, Paul Graham, asked "Why did South African policemen use live ammunition and interfere with a crime scene?" The director also criticised the independent commission of inquiry, stating, "It is very disappointing that those appointed to the commission of inquiry include cabinet ministers. They cannot be independent and will not be trusted."
Oxford University lecturer in African Studies, and South African citizen, Jonny Steinberg, believes that the level of repression shown by the police could be a sign that President Jacob Zuma is attempting to appear strong and project authority over an increasingly fractured country and government prior to the ANC's internal party elections in December.
Media.
South African news media showed graphic footage and photos of the shootings, while the headlines included "Killing Field", "Mine Slaughter", and "Bloodbath". The newspaper "Sowetan" issued a front-page editorial, questioning what changed in South Africa since the fall of Apartheid in 1994, saying that this has happened in South Africa before under Apartheid when blacks were treated cruelly, and "it is continuing in a different guise now."
"Reuters" described the incident as causing South Africa to question "its post-apartheid soul". Mining Weekly.com said that the Lonmin killing would hurt South Africa as a destination for investment. Bloomberg said that the clashes reflected unease over a growing wealth gap between the country's elite and workers such as those were protesting. Al Jazeera asked if Zuma can withstand the controversy; if the mine's links to the ruling ANC constituted an "economic apartheid;" and whether the controversy over the shooting could resurrect the political career of Julius Malema, following his suspension from the ANC.
International.
Following the incident the spot price for platinum rose on world commodity markets.
US Presidential Deputy Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters: "The American people are saddened at the tragic loss of life the Lonmin mines and express our condolences to the families of those who have lost loved ones in this incident." In Auckland, protesters attacked the South African embassy with paint bombs.
Reactions to the resolution.
Following the resolution of the Marikana strike, President Jacob Zuma expressed his relief following criticism from opposition parties and the media at his government's handling of the crisis. Union rivalry also widened as the resolution was touted as a victory for the AMCU over the bigger NUM. In financial markets, Lonmin's share prices initially rose by over 9%, but later receded as investors were made aware of the extra costs now incurred in wages while the company was already in the midst of struggling with its balance sheet and the unprofitable mine shafts. Platinum prices rose after falling 2.6% on 18 September on news of the deal.

</doc>
<doc id="36742355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742355" title="Daniel Patterson (disambiguation)">
Daniel Patterson (disambiguation)

Daniel Patterson (1786–1839) was an officer in the United States Navy.
Daniel Patterson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742357" title="Guy Godfree">
Guy Godfree

Guy Godfree is an award-winning New York-based cinematographer and a graduate of the American Film Institute Conservatory. His work has been shown in numerous film festivals around the world. His recent credits include "FROST", a Canadian Film Centre film and also the guerilla-style music video “I Get By” for recording artist Everlast. While attending the American Film Institute, Guy received the Eastman Kodak Gold Award for his camera work on the short film "Revelations". He is also a contributor to "Canadian Cinematographer" magazine. Guy came up through the ranks of the camera department, starting out at the age of 19. He hails from Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36742367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742367" title="List of Detentionaire episodes">
List of Detentionaire episodes

This is a list of episodes of "Detentionaire", a Canadian animated series created by Daniel Bryan Franklin and Charles Johnston and produced by Nelvana. The show consists of 4 seasons of 13 episodes each, except for the first one which contains 14 due to including the pilot episode. Both Canadian and Australian airdates are provided; all seasons except the first one aired in Australia prior to airing in Canada.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36742369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742369" title="1970 1000km of Spa-Francorchamps">
1970 1000km of Spa-Francorchamps

The 1970 1000km of Spa-Francorchamps was an endurance race held at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium on May 17, 1970. It was the sixth round of the 1970 International Championship for Makes.
Pre-race.
Prior to Formula One boycotting and then cancelling the 1969 Belgian Grand Prix because of the dangers of the ultra-high speed 8.7 mi (14.1 km) Spa-Francorchamps circuit, the track was fitted with Armco barriers and was generally made safer. The layout had not been changed, however- and the circuit was still extremely fast and demanding; racing records were smashed at this race by the prototypes. The old Spa layout was just about flat out for the entire 8.7 mile distance; the circuit sped into the rural countryside; whereas now, the circuit stays inside a part of the mountainous Ardennes forest. Lost corners like Burnenville, Malmedy, the infamous Masta Kink, Stavelot and La Carriere were all 180+ mph and corners like Eau Rouge, Blanchimont and Clubhouse were 150+ mph. So every corner except the ultra-slow La Source hairpin was extremely fast and there was never any let-up for the cars on this circuit aside from La Source- and to add to the mental challenge, most of those corners had to be taken just slightly under flat out. Spa was the fastest circuit in Europe at that time, and the great mental challenge of this legendary Belgian circuit in those days was that every corner was just as important as the other- if a driver lifted even just a little bit through any of the high-speed bends, they would lose 2-3 seconds from their lap time, just from having done the slightest little motion that would affect how they were driving. And worse- if a driver made even the slightest mistake, they were very likely to have a huge, catastrophic high speed accident which in those safety-absent days almost always meant serious injury or death.
The works Porsche teams brought the 917K's back into action for this race. They had used the new 908/03's previously at the Targa Florio.
In qualifying, pole position went to the Gulf-Porsche 917K of Pedro Rodriguez/Leo Kinnunen, followed by the other Gulf-Porsche 917K of Jo Siffert/Brian Redman, the works Ferrari 512S of Jacky Ickx/John Surtees, a privately entered 917K of Helmut Kelleners/Jürgen Neuhaus, and another works Ferrari 512S of Ignazio Giunti/Nino Vaccarella. Rodriguez averaged over 157 mph (253 km/h)- a new average speed record on road circuits.
Race.
It rained before the start of the race, but by the time the race started, the track was already drying. At the start, Siffert and Rodriguez were banging wheels going into Eau Rouge, with Siffert coming out best. Ickx then passed Rodriguez, and he started to push Siffert hard, and Siffert responded by keeping Ickx's pace. Ickx then passed Siffert, and after Redman switched with Siffert, the Englishman passed the Belgian; the 917 having superiority on the high speed corners of Spa. After some problems with his car, Rodriguez lapped Spa at 3:16.5 (3 seconds faster than the pole time Rodriguez had set), which was the fastest ever lap of the Spa circuit and on any road course in the world, averaging 160.513 mph (258.321 km/h). Once the Formula One Belgian Grand Prix was held 3 weeks later (a race that Rodriguez won for BRM), Formula One cars struggled to get within 12 seconds of this time; although there was a chicane at Malmedy Corner just for the F1 race. But the Rodriguez/Kinnunen 917K went out with gearbox problems; and the Siffert/Redman 917K took victory, followed by the Ickx/Surtees 512S. The Giunti/Vaccarella Ferrari was 4th and the Kelleners/Neuhaus Porsche finished 17th. This was the 4th victory in a row for Wyer's team, so far they had won 5 of the 6 races in the championship.
This event set a record for the fastest ever road race in history, and the record would be broken twice more in successive years at the same circuit; and the eventual record stood for decades.

</doc>
<doc id="36742372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742372" title="Ding Hui">
Ding Hui

Ding Hui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742378" title="Dragan Nešić">
Dragan Nešić

Dragan Nešić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742385" title="Jack Forrest (rugby league)">
Jack Forrest (rugby league)

Jack Forrest is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Forrest played in the West Coast Rugby League competition and represented both the West Coast and the South Island.
He played in twelve test matches for the New Zealand Kiwis including matches against the 1951 touring French side and on the 1951-52 tour of Great Britain and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36742387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742387" title="Air Force Life Cycle Management Center">
Air Force Life Cycle Management Center

The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, headquartered at Wright-Patterson AFB, is one of five centers reporting to the Air Force Materiel Command.
Led by a Lieutenant General, AFLCMC is charged with life cycle management of Air Force weapon systems from their inception to retirement. The AFLCMC mission is to deliver affordable and sustainable war-winning capabilities to U.S. and international partners, on time, on cost, anywhere, anytime from cradle to grave.
AFLCMC was designed to provide a single face and voice to customers, holistic management of weapon systems across their life cycles, and to simplify and consolidate staff functions and processes to curtail redundancy and enhance efficiency. In addition AFLCMC's operating structure provides an integrated framework for decision making and process optimization across the weapon system life cycle. AFLCMC personnel work closely with their counterparts at the other four AFMC centers.
Organization.
AFLCMC's (pronounced, 'AFF-LICK-MICK') portfolio includes: Information Technology systems and networks; Command, Control, Communications, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance systems (C3I and Networks AFPEO at Hanscom AFB; Armament Directorate at Eglin Air Force Base, FL; strategic systems; aerial platforms; and various specialized or supporting systems such as simulators or personal equipment. AFLCMC also executes sales of aircraft and other defense-related equipment while building security assistance relationships with foreign partner nation air forces. Approximately 26,000 AFLCMC airmen, civilian and contractor employees perform center missions from some 75 locations.
Each Program Office reports to one of 10 Program Executive Officers (PEOs) who are accountable for the activities within their portfolio and who report to the Air Force Service Acquisition Executive at the Pentagon (Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition).
AFLCMC execution directorates provide direct program support such as engineering, technical order management, developmental planning, contracting, and source selection assistance. The execution directorates include: Technical Engineering Services; Intelligence; Cost and Financial Analysis; Program Development & Integration; Contracting Execution; and Life Cycle Management and Services. The Air Force Security Assistance and Cooperation Directorate oversees execution of the foreign military sales mission. The Airborne Laser Directorate executes a technology development mission for high altitude, anti-ballistic missile, directed energy capabilities and reports to the Missile Defense Agency. A Propulsion Directorate headquartered at Tinker AFB, Okla., oversees engine acquisition executed at Wright-Patterson and engine product support accomplished at Tinker.
The 66th Air Base Group at Hanscom AFB, Mass., and the 88th Air Base Wing at Wright-Patterson AFB provide base operating support at those locations and also report to AFLCMC.

</doc>
<doc id="36742388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742388" title="Finnur Justinussen">
Finnur Justinussen

Finnur Justinussen (born 30 March 1989) is a Faroese footballer who plays for Víkingur and the Faroe Islands national team.
Club career.
He began his career with local club GÍ Gøta. After GÍ Gøta and Leirvík ÍF merged in 2008, he played for the newly formed club Víkingur. He scored 19 goals in the 2009 season, making him the league top goalscorer. During the 2010 season he scored 7 league goals and 3 in the Faroese Cup. In 2011 he was top scorer again, with 21 goals. Having previously been on trials with Swedish Allsvenskan clubs Örebro SK and Trelleborgs FF, Finnur trialed with Superettan club Jönköpings Södra IF in late 2011. After impressing on trial he signed a permanent deal with the club in early 2012.
In 2013, he returned to Víkingur ahead of the 2013 season.
International career.
Justinussen made his U21 debut in September 2009, in a 1-1 draw with Moldova. He made 8 appearances in total for the U21 team, of which he played in they won two matches, two draws, and four defeats, which were all qualifying matches for the 2011 Under-21 tournament.
Justinussen was involved in the wins against Latvia and Andorra, but didn't feature in the 1-0 win over Russia.
He was called up to the Faroe Islands national team for the first time in September 2011, for the matches against Italy and Serbia. He was left out the matchday squad for the game against Italy, but was an unused substitute in the match verses Serbia. He made his debut for the team in August 2012 as a substitute, in a 2-0 loss to Iceland in Reykavik.

</doc>
<doc id="36742395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742395" title="Thy Art Is Murder">
Thy Art Is Murder

Thy Art Is Murder is an Australian deathcore band from Blacktown, New South Wales (a suburb located in the city of Sydney). The band formed in 2006 and have released two EPs and two full-length albums and are currently signed to Distort in Canada and Nuclear Blast worldwide. Their 2008 EP "Infinite Death", reached position no. 10 on the AIR Charts upon release, and their second full-length album "Hate" debuted at no. 35 on the ARIA Charts, making them the first extreme metal band to ever reach the Top 40 of this chart. The album also reached no. 1 on AIR and both no. 2 and no. 4 respectively on the USA and Canadian iTunes metal charts on its week of release.
History.
Formation, EPs and "The Adversary" (2006-2010).
Formed in 2006, in the Western Sydney locality of Blacktown, the group originally consisted of vocalist Brendan Van Ryn, guitarists Gary Markowski and Sean Delander, bassist Josh King and drummer Lee Stanton. Building on a loyal following in Western Sydney's deathcore scene, they recorded a three track demo "This Hole Isn't Deep Enough for the Twelve of You". They returned to the studio in 2008 record the EP "Infinite Death", which gained them further attention for Van Ryn's misogynistic lyrics and song-titles . The EP reached number 10 on the AIR Charts 
Following two years of relentless national touring, it was announced in 2008 that Van Ryn was to depart from the group. It was initially claimed that he left the group due to creative differences and an inability to keep up with their evolving death metal sound. However it was later claimed in 2013 by the band's current singer that Brendan was replaced because "he couldn't sing and he had a massive attitude problem." Thy Art Is Murder searched for a year for a new vocalist, until finding Chris "CJ" McMahon from Sydney metalcore band Vegas in Ruins. The band were so impressed with his death growl vocals that he was incepted into the band during 2009. Bassist Mick Lowe replaced King shortly before the band began recording their first full-length album "The Adversary", released 16 July 2010.
Canadian deathcore band Despised Icon announced that Thy Art Is Murder and The Red Shore would join them on the Australian leg of their farewell tour later that year.
"Hate" (2011-present).
2011 saw further line-up changes, notably the departure of founding member and lead guitarist Gary Markowski. Delander decided to switch duties from guitar to bass, making way for Andy Marsh and Tom Brown to join on guitar. Following the band's first European tour in 2012 with War from a Harlots Mouth and As Blood Runs Black the band traveled to New York City in the United States to record their second album with producer Will Putney at the 'The Machine Shop' recording studios.
Following their Australian tour with Fear Factory in September 2012, Hate was released on 19 October 2012. The first single, 'Reign of Darkness', had been premiered earlier on radio station Triple J's The Racket on 18 September,
The album debuted at no. 35 on the ARIA Charts, making Thy Art Is Murder the first extreme metal band to ever to break the top 40. The album also reached no. 1 on AIR and both no. 2 and no. 4 respectively on the USA and Canadian iTunes metal charts on its week of release. The album met with a mix of some positive and some negative criticism. Kevin Stewart-Panko of Decibel Magazine awarded "Hate" a score of 1 out of 10 and criticizing the band for not going "out of their way to push the envelope or add a modicum of originality or value to metal as a whole." In January 2013, the band performed at the Sydney Big Day Out festival; the only other extreme metal band ever to be featured on the line-up was Blood Duster in 2004. Following their second Europe/UK tour in February and March Thy Art Is Murder signed to Nuclear Blast on 24 January 2013 for distribution of "Hate" throughout the rest of the world (outside Australia).
On 13 March 2013, Triple J announced that Thy Art Is Murder would be headlining the 'Hate Across Australia' tour with Cattle Decapitation, King Parrot and Aversions Crown.
On 11 April 2013, Sumerian Records officially announced that the group had just lost the opening support on the United States' annual Summer Slaughter Tour. The announcement was met by some controversy due to the fact that the group was to be chosen by a voters' poll and American deathcore band Rings of Saturn had in fact won the vote by 1%. Eventually, promoters chose to include both bands.
On 17 June 2013 the band revealed they would be touring across Australia with Parkway Drive as part of their "10 Years Of Parkway Drive" tour. The same day, the band lost out to Bleed From Within at the Metal Hammer Golden Gods where they had been nominated as Best New Band. On 15 October 2013 the band were nominated in the Best Hard Rock/Heavy Metal category for the 2013 ARIA Awards, eventually losing out to Karnivool 
The band headlined their second ever tour of America in November and December 2013, dubbing it the "Hate Across America". The bill featured support from I Declare War, Fit For An Autopsy, The Last Ten Seconds Of Life and Kublai Khan with many dates selling out. The band headlined in Europe and the UK in January and February 2014, selling out most venues. Support came from Heart Of A Coward, Aversions Crown and Aegaeon. The band was announced on the lineup for Download Festival 2014.
The band made Australian news headlines in late February 2014, when McMahon encouraged fans to get onstage during their set on Brisbane leg of the Soundwave Festival tour. Promoter AJ Maddah later tweeted his decision to take the band off the rest of the tour calling them 'disrespectful arseholes' and claiming that McMahon had told the crowd that 'there are thousand of you and dozens of security. Smash them. All of you get on the stage'. Fan footage uploaded on YouTube revealed that Maddah's version of McMahon's pre-song speech were embellished. Triple J radio host Lochlan Watt, who attended the show, appeared on ABC 612 radio in defence of the band stating that the incident had been blown out of proportion. He assured that environment during their set was of ‘excitement and fun’ and that over-the-top language was common at metal shows and comments that McMahon had made shouldn’t have been taken literally. The following day both the promoter and the band tweeted that Thy Art Is Murder would be allowed to play the remainder of the tour. 
The band announced their participation in the Mosh Lives tour, headlined by Emmure, travelling the USA in March and April 2014. The band will headline a short Canadian tour with Sworn In in April 2014. The band plays New England Metal And Hardcore Festival in April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36742401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742401" title="Malta George Cross Fiftieth Anniversary Medal">
Malta George Cross Fiftieth Anniversary Medal

The Malta George Cross Fiftieth Anniversary Medal is a commemorative medal created by the government of Malta and awarded by, or in the name of, the President of Malta. Established on 17 January 1992, it could be awarded to individuals who met the specified requirements of service and made application for award of the medal by 15 April 1994. The medal honours the collective award of the George Cross to the island of Malta during World War II.
Criteria.
The medal was awarded for service during the qualifying period of 10 June 1940 to 8 September 1943 during and after the Siege of Malta. Three distinct groups were eligible for the medal, uniformed members of the allied armed forces and merchant marine, civilians on Malta who served in specific capacities during the qualifying period, and members of the Scout Association of Malta for service during the qualifying period.
Allied armed forces and merchant marine.
The medal was eligible for presentation to all former uniformed members of the allied armed forces and merchant marine who, at any time during the qualifying period, served in Malta; in air or sea operations in the Mediterranean connected to the defence, relief or supply of Malta, including participation in convoys and
convoy escort; or in operations mounted from Malta against the Axis Forces.
British citizens who were awarded the medal are allowed unrestricted permission to wear the medal so long as they are not in Crown Service.
Civilians.
Civilians eligible for the medal were those who, at any time during the qualifying period, were in Malta and served in one of the following capacities: Malta Police Force personnel and Special Constables; Malta Dockyard Police and Malta Dockyard personnel who served with the Dockyard Defence Battery; Nursing members of the Voluntary Aid Detachments, the Red Cross and St John Ambulance, who served in naval, military, or civilian hospitals; Malta Civil Defence personnel; Malta Auxiliary Corps; Malta Volunteer Defence Force or Home Guard; Malta Fire Brigade; and District Commissioners, Regional Protection Officers, and Protection Officers.
Members of the Scout Association of Malta were also eligible for award of the medal for service during the qualifying period.
Appearance.
The medal is circular, made of cupronickel and in diameter. The obverse depicts the Coat of Arms of Malta with the year "1992" at its base. On the reverse is the George Cross in the centre, surrounded by the words "BĦALA XHIEDA TA’ EROIŻMU U DEDIKAZZJONI" and "TO BEAR WITNESS TO HEROISM AND DEVOTION" separated by a Maltese cross at the top and the date "1942" at the base. The medal is held by a straight suspension bar depicting a relief of olive branches and palm fronds meeting in the centre.
The medal is suspended from a blue moire ribbon wide with two narrow central vertical stripes of white and red, each 3mm in width.
The medal may also be worn in miniature on appropriate occasions. The miniature of the medal may is in diameter, and the ribbon in width.

</doc>
<doc id="36742403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742403" title="Henry Waymouth">
Henry Waymouth

Henry Waymouth (1791 – January 1848) was a financial backer and Director of the South Australia Company formed in January 1836. Waymouth Street, Adelaide took its name from him.

</doc>
<doc id="36742410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742410" title="Albert F. Canwell">
Albert F. Canwell

Albert Franklyn "Al" Canwell (January 11, 1907 - 1 April 2002) was an American politician who was a member of the Washington State legislature from 1947 to 1948. He is best remembered as the namesake of the legislature's Canwell Committee to investigate communist influence in Washington state, patterned after the House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC) of the United States Congress.
Biography.
Albert Franklyn Canwell, known as "Al" to his friends, was born January 11, 1907 in Spokane, Washington.
Canwell's paternal grandfather, James Canwell (1840-1876), hailed from the New England state of Maine and served on the Union side in the American Civil War.
Political career.
Canwell was elected to the Washington state House of Representatives in November 1946. He made two primary promises to the voters of his Spokane district during the 1946 campaign — to oppose new taxes and to take action against the spread of Communism in America. In an effort to fulfill this campaign promise, Canwell actively participated in helping to write the House resolution which established a Washington State legislative committee to investigate the activities of the Communist Party USA in the state.
On March 8, 1947, the legislature's House Concurrent Resolution No. 10 established a Joint Legislative Fact-Finding Committee on Un-American Activities. Speaker of the House Herb Hamblen — also hailing from the Eastern Washington city of Spokane — tapped Canwell as the chairman of this interim committee. The committee consisted of 5 Republicans and 2 Democrats. The committee consequently became known as the Canwell Committee among the public and in the press.
The committee was funded by the private donation of Fritz Jewitt, a wealthy lumberman and conservative political activist.
The Canwell Committee met for the first time on January 27, 1948 at the Seattle Armory.
In the election of 1948 Canwell attempted to move from the House to the State Senate, running as the Republican nominee in the November general election. He was defeated in that bid.
Not deterred by his 1948 loss, Canwell ran for the United States Senate in 1950, but fell to defeat in the Republican primary.
In 1952, Washington was awarded another seat in Congress as a result of the census of 1950 and Canwell ran for the new at-large seat. Although he emerged victorious in the Republican primary, he was defeated by Democrat Don Magnuson in the November general election.

</doc>
<doc id="36742417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742417" title="David Margolese">
David Margolese

David Margolese (born October 24, 1957) is an entrepreneur and a founder of Sirius XM Radio, serving as chairman and CEO from 1993 to 2002. Considered “one of the earliest advocates of pay radio,” he “effectively created the industry.”
Early life.
Margolese was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia. He attended the University of British Columbia, dropping out after one year. His father, Leonard, also dropped out of college, to sell television sets in the early 1950s, ultimately building a successful television store.
Cellular.
Rogers Wireless.
In 1978, at the age of 20, Margolese founded Canadian Telecom, a Vancouver-based radio paging company. He struggled in his early years as an entrepreneur. In 1980, he changed his company’s focus to what would become the future cellular market. He prognosticated in his 1980 position paper, years before the commercial introduction of cellular and at a time when computers were in use by less than one percent of the public, that cellular "has the potential to become all pervasive." He also envisioned that it would "be used for much more" than just phone calls. When cell phones became widely available, it paid big dividends for Margolese. His company joined with Rogers Communications to form Cantel (a contraction of the name Canadian Telecom). Cantel would ultimately become Rogers Wireless, as of 2012 the largest cellular company in Canada, with over 9.3 million subscribers and revenues over $7 billion. Margolese cashed out of the company in 1989 to found his next venture.
Satellite radio.
Sirius XM Radio.
Following a brief, unsuccessful stint in Israel struggling to land a license for his new cellular consortium Teletec, Margolese moved to New York City in 1990 and purchased control of a newly formed venture named CD Radio Inc. He served as chairman and CEO of the satellite radio company. Margolese believed that, like cable TV, satellite radio would find an audience willing to pay for variety.
The primary obstacle faced by CD Radio and then Sirius was resistance from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), who were under pressure from the National Association of Broadcasters, who felt threatened by the competition. In 1997, the FCC granted both CD Radio and XM Satellite Radio licenses to use a part of the S-band spectrum, costing CD Radio $83 million.
In 1999, Margolese changed the name of CD Radio to Sirius Satellite Radio, so as not to be identified with the outdated technology of compact discs. Margolese raised $1.8 billion to launch Sirius. Some of the money was obtained by gaining exclusive rights from Ford, Chrysler, BMW and Mercedes-Benz to feature Sirius in their automobiles.
Along with co-founder and former NASA engineer Robert Briskman, Margolese oversaw the development of the custom satellites, receivers and other technologies to bring satellite radio to consumers. Margolese also designed Sirius’s $40 million headquarters at Rockefeller Center in Manhattan. According to Margolese, each satellite cost about a quarter-billion dollars to build, insure and launch. At the end of 2000, Sirius launched its third satellite into space, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
In November 2001, Margolese stepped down as CEO, remaining as chairman until November 2003, with Sirius issuing a statement thanking him “for his great vision, leadership and dedication in creating both Sirius and the satellite radio industry.” Sirius acquired XM in 2008, becoming Sirius XM Radio. Through 2013, Sirius XM has reported 25.6 million subscribers, up 7% from the previous year, and revenues of $3.8 billion, up 12% from the previous year. In 2012, one of Sirius's original backup satellites, now decommissioned, was donated for display to the Smithsonian Institution’s National Air and Space Museum.
Honors.
Margolese was named one of ten finalists for the 1999 Entrepreneur of the Year by Harvard Business School. He was inducted into NASA’s Space Technology Hall of Fame in 2002.
Personal life.
In 2002, Margolese moved to Israel, where he and his family now reside, fulfilling a lifelong dream.

</doc>
<doc id="36742439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742439" title="Argyle High School">
Argyle High School

Argyle High School is a public high school located in the city of Argyle, Texas and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Argyle Independent School District located in east central Denton County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Argyle Eagles compete in these sports 
Volleyball, Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Wrestling, Swimming, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Baseball & Softball

</doc>
<doc id="36742445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742445" title="Fernando Morales">
Fernando Morales

Fernando Morales may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742451" title="Manuel de Ordiera">
Manuel de Ordiera

D. Manuel de Ordiera was a Mexican caudillo and military officer serving in the armies of the Viceroyalty of New Spain and for the Mexican rebels during the Mexican War of Independence. He is perhaps best known for his command of besieged Mexican forces during the Siege of Cuautla in 1812 at which time he was a captain.
Role in the Siege of Cuautla.
The royalist Spanish general, Ciriaco del Llano was marching with about 2,000 soldiers to the aid of Félix María Calleja who was laying siege to Cuautla, Morelos. The leader of the Mexican insurgency, José María Morelos y Pavón, who was consequently trapped in the city, heard the news that Llano was marching on Cuautla. Llano entered the Tierra Caliente on 28 February. Morelos decided to delay the arrival of these reinforcements and sent a sizable force first to be commanded by José Antonio Galeana to occupy the Barranca de Tlayacac with orders to ambush Llano's army. These orders were changed at the last minute and the surprise force was placed under the command of Manuel de Ordiera due to his knowledge of the terrain. The operation became known to Calleja who decided to send a counter attack force under the command of Captain Anastasio Bustamante. Bustamante was able to surprise the rebel ambush force and routed them, allowing for Llano's forces to pass unscathed to Calleja's camp on the morning of 1 March.

</doc>
<doc id="36742463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742463" title="Grace Evelyn Pickford">
Grace Evelyn Pickford

Grace Evelyn Pickford (1902, Bournemouth, England – 1986) was an American biologist and endocrinologist, known for "devising ingenious instruments and techniques" and her work on the hematology and endocrinology of fishes.
Life and career.
Pickford was born in Bournemouth, England, in 1902. She studied at Newnham College, Cambridge University, where she was a founding member of the Cambridge University Biological Tea Club. She received the equivalent of a B.A., a "National Sciences Tripos, Pt.I", since Cambridge University did not grant B.A.s to women at that time. She then traveled to South Africa, collecting and studying earth worms (oligochaetes). In 1931 she earned her Ph.D. at Yale under Alexander Petrunkevitch based on studies of her South African oligochaete worm collections.
Pickford joined the Bingham Oceanographic Laboratory at Yale in 1931, where she worked for the next forty years. She taught at the assistant professor level from 1934 to 1959, when she was promoted to associate professor, and finally made a full professor of biology at Yale in 1969, retiring shortly thereafter in 1970. Pickford also taught at the women's college Albert Magnus, hired by Marcella Boveri.
Pickford was a member of various research expeditions, including the 1951 Danish "Galathea" expedition, and carried out research in a wide variety of organisms.
She is perhaps best known for her foundational work in the field of comparative endocrinology. She did extensive studies of the pituitary hormone prolactin, discovering that in killifish prolactin is required to maintain osmotic balance in fresh water; this work was the underpinnings for most research on prolactin in vertebrates. Pickford's 1957 monograph on the topic, "The Physiology of the Pituitary Gland of Fishes", is "considered an early and still enormously useful classic" in the field of comparative endocrinology, the "bible for scientists on the endocrinology of lower vertebrates." In the course of this work Pickford developed a number of important techniques still used today in endocrine studies.
Similarly, she showed that "Latimeria", like sharks, uses urea to regulate the osmotic pressure of its blood. On the 1951 "Galatea" expedition to the Indo-Malay region, she completed a study of "Vampyroteuthis", a deep sea cephalopod that resembles both an octopus and a squid, developing "ingenious" technologies to handle the technical problems of studying in deep seas. Her large collection of water beetles is today stored at Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History.
Pickford was married for a short while (approximately 1931 to 1934) to fellow biologist George Evelyn Hutchinson.

</doc>
<doc id="36742466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742466" title="Trogloraptor">
Trogloraptor

Trogloraptor is a genus of large spiders found in the caves of southwestern Oregon. It is the sole genus in the family Trogloraptoridae, and includes only one species, Trogloraptor marchingtoni. These spiders are predominantly yellow-brown in color with a maximum leg span of . They are remarkable for having hook-like claws on the raptorial last segments of their legs.
"Trogloraptor" belongs to one of only three new spider families described since 1990. The specific name is in honor of the amateur cave biologist and deputy sheriff Neil Marchington.
Discovery.
The spiders were first collected in 2010 by Geo Graening, Neil Marchington, Ron Davis and Daniel Snyder, cave conservationists from the Western Cave Conservancy. They were described in 2012 by a research team consisting of arachnologists Charles Griswold, Tracy Audisio and Joel Ledford of the California Academy of Sciences. The male holotype was recovered from the M2 cave near Grants Pass, Oregon on July 29, 2010. The female holotype was recovered from a cave in Josephine County, Oregon on September 16, 2010.
Lead researcher Griswold claimed that "Trogloraptor" might explain the legends of giant cave spiders in the area. The discovery is also notable because only two other new spider families have been described since 1990. The American arachnologist Norman Platnick commented that it was "...as fascinating to arachnologists as the discovery of a new dinosaur is to paleontologists."
Taxonomy.
"Trogloraptor" includes only one species, "Trogloraptor marchingtoni", and is the only genus in the monotypic family Trogloraptoridae. The family is believed to be a primitive member of the six-eyed spider superfamily Dysderoidea. Their closest living relatives are the goblin spiders of the family Oonopidae. However, "Trogloraptor" exhibit several unique features, including primitive respiratory systems, that justify their assignment to a separate family. The family probably diverged from other spiders about 130 million years ago, which would make it another notable relict taxon from North America.
The specific name is in honor of Neil Marchington. The generic name "Trogloraptor" means "cave robber", in reference to the spider's habitat and hooked raptorial tarsi.
Distribution.
Additional live specimens recovered in 2010 and 2011 from Oregon were all found deep inside caves. Except for a single juvenile specimen recovered from the understory debris of old growth redwood forests of northwest California, none have been found outside the caves. This specimen has different markings than "T. marchingtoni" and may represent a new undescribed species.
The family Trogloraptoridae may have had a wider distribution given that redwood forests encompassed a far greater area in North America during the Pliocene (about 5 mya). Other species may still be present in other caves.
Description.
Adult "Trogloraptor" have six eyes and a body length of about in males and in females. With its legs outstretched, the spider can reach up to in length.
The entire body is yellow-brown, except for a dark brown V-shaped mark on the cephalothorax, the orange-brown chelicerae, and the purple-brown abdomen (opisthosoma) with a series of faint light-colored chevron markings. The cephalothorax carapace is pear-shaped with a heart-shaped sternum. The abdomen is oval and sparsely covered with small bristles (setae). The males possess enlarged piriform pedipalps.
The spiders are unique in the flexible and teethed hook-like claws on the last segments (tarsus) of their legs. These elongated claws resemble those of spiders in the family Gradungulidae of Australia and New Zealand, but the two families are only distantly related. Hooked tarsal claws are also present to a lesser extent in the unrelated genera "Doryonychus" of Tetragnathidae, "Hetrogriffus" of Thomisidae and "Celaenia" of Araneidae.
Ecology.
"Trogloraptor" spin simple webs with only a few strands, hung from the roofs of caves. Griswold "et al." stated that the claws may have a significant function in capturing prey. Similar to the Nelson cave spider of New Zealand ("Spelungula cavernicola", a gradungulid), "Trogloraptor" probably dangle upside down from their webs, snatching at passing flying insects with their claws. However their exact prey remains unknown. Captured live specimens were raised in climate-controlled laboratory conditions in an effort to find out. These specimens were offered moths, crickets and other spiders as food; but these were declined and the specimens starved after two weeks. This may indicate a preference for very specific prey.
Like most spiders, "Trogloraptor" possess venom glands. However, the venom is not known to be harmful to humans. The spiders themselves are very shy and unaggressive. They immediately flee illumination.

</doc>
<doc id="36742469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742469" title="Carnival (Randy Weston album)">
Carnival (Randy Weston album)

Carnival is a live album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1974 at the Montreux Jazz Festival and originally released on the Freedom label in 1975. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "This is an enjoyable and well-rounded set, easily recommended".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36742477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742477" title="Satan Presiding at the Infernal Council">
Satan Presiding at the Infernal Council

Satan Presiding at the Infernal Council is part of a series of 48 mezzotint engravings that British artist John Martin created between 1823 and 1827 to illustrate a new edition of Milton's "Paradise Lost". It was described by in "The Guardian" in 2011 as "Satan holding court in what looks like a solo performance in the Albert Hall (decades in advance)".
Popular success of John Martin's religious paintings, particularly "Belshazzar's Feast" (first exhibited at the British Institution in 1821, and published as engravings in 1826), led to a commission in 1823 from London publisher Septimus Prowett for Martin to illustrate a new edition of Milton's "Paradise Lost". Martin made mezzotint engravings of 24 subjects in two sizes, 48 plates in all, with large prints measuring 8 by 11 inches and small prints 6 by 8 inches.
The engraving of "Satan Presiding at the Infernal Council" illustrates the debate among Satan's "Stygian Council" in the council-chamber of Pandæmonium at the beginning of Book II of "Paradise Lost". In the engraving, Satan is depicted enthroned at the heart of the hall of his Palace of Pandæmonium, at the centre of a rotunda filled with onlooking throngs of fallen angels, illuminated by the new technology of gaslight. His throne is placed atop a black hemisphere. The composition may be inspired by an illustration in the 1782 edition of William Beckford's novel "Vathek".
The prints were published by subscription from 1825 to 1827, with two prints and accompanying text published each month, to be bound together by the subscriber. The engravings were also available to buy separately as sets or single prints. The book and the engravings were considerable critical and commercial success, with Martin's original compositions praised for their invention and power. Martin was encouraged to start work on engraved illustrations of the Bible, and published a further large format print of "Satan Presiding at the Infernal Council" in 1831, measuring 60.7 cm by 81.4 cm.
According to musicologist Edward Lockspeiser, this engraving had a singular effect and a lasting influence on the composer Hector Berlioz. 
The bold iconography and design of Martin's engravings were inspirations for scenes in D. W. Griffith's films "Birth of a Nation" and "Intolerance", and for the design of the Galactic Senate in "".

</doc>
<doc id="36742517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742517" title="Rhinebeck panorama">
Rhinebeck panorama

The Rhinebeck panorama is panoramic view of London dated to 1806-7. The work was found in Rhinebeck, New York in 1941, in the attic of a house, being used to line a barrel of pistols. It was acquired by the Museum of London in 1998.
The panoramic image shows a bird's eye view - perhaps made with the use of a hot-air balloon - looking west from a position above the middle of the River Thames, approximately at the current location of Tower Bridge, with the view spanning Southwark to the left and the City of London to the right. Ships are depicted on the river in the Pool of London, downstream of London Bridge, with scenes from everyday city life, such as a building on fire in Bermondsey to the left, a funeral at Southwark St John Horsleydown, traffic crossing the bridges over the river, the pagoda at Kew Gardens, Westminster Abbey, the dome of St Paul's Cathedral and the spires of other city churches, shot towers and windmills, the Tower of London where a cannon is being fired, and a kite being flown at Tower Hill. One ship in the third panel is a hulk, with two masts removed, used to receiving men press-ganged by the Royal Navy. Windsor Castle can be seen in the distance.
The work comprises four separate watercolour and pencil panels made by three different artists: one for the ships, a second for the city scenes, and a third for church spires in the distance. The combined image measures by . It may have been a study for a larger, uncompleted panoramic painting, to be displayed on a curved wall, but the watercolour may have been exhibited in London in 1809 with other panoramas of European cities.
The panorama was probably taken to the US in 1839 by Robert Havell, Jr., whose father published a similar "Aeronautical View of London" in 1831. The original watercolour was rediscovered in an attic in Rhinebeck, New York in 1940, and sold at Sotheby's on 8 June 1998 for £199,500. It was purchased by the Museum of London, partially funded by an Art Fund grant of 40,000, and also funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund and the Victoria and Albert Museum.
A modern version, with 20th century buildings added, is displayed in the Rolls Building which houses part of the Royal Courts of Justice on Fetter Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="36742519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742519" title="Secret First Class Limited Live">
Secret First Class Limited Live

Secret First Class Limited Live (stylized as secret ~FIRST CLASS LIMITED LIVE~) DVD is Koda Kumi's first public tour and contains songs from her secret album. 
The DVD held its place on the top of "best selling female artist DVD of all time" for four years and eight months, with its total sales of 322,000 copies up until August 1, 2011. 
Its catalog number is RZBD-45256.

</doc>
<doc id="36742543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742543" title="Okatibbee Dam">
Okatibbee Dam

Okatibbee Dam is a dam in Lauderdale County, Mississippi.
The earthen gravity dam was constructed in 1968 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 72 feet and a length of 6620 at its crest. It impounds Okatibbee Creek for flood control and municipal drinking water. The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers.
The reservoir it creates, Okatibbee Lake, has a water surface of 5.9 square miles, about 28 linear miles of shoreline, a maximum capacity of 59,481 acre-feet, and a normal storage capacity of 46,538 acre-feet. Recreation includes boating, fishing, camping, hunting, and enjoying the five parks maintained by the Corps, one full service campground and four day-use parks. Directly north of the lake is the state's Okatibbee State Wildlife Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36742553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742553" title="A Werewolf Boy">
A Werewolf Boy

A Werewolf Boy (; lit. "Wolf Boy") is a 2012 South Korean fantasy romance film in which a beautiful teenage girl (Park Bo-young) is sent to a country house for her health, where she befriends and attempts to civilize a feral boy (Song Joong-ki) she discovers on the grounds — but the beast inside him is constantly waiting to burst out. 
Director Jo Sung-hee first wrote the script while studying at the Korean Academy of Film Arts and the script went through several rewrites before it was finalized in its current form. This is Jo's commercial debut; he previously directed the arthouse flick "End of Animal" and the short film "Don't Step Out of the House". 
"A Werewolf Boy" had its world premiere in the "Contemporary World Cinema" section of the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival, then screened at the Busan International Film Festival before its theatrical release on October 31, 2012. It quickly rose up the box office charts to become the most successful Korean melodrama of all time.
Plot.
Kim Sun-yi, an elderly woman in her sixties living in the US, receives a phone call about the sale of her old family home back in South Korea. Returning to her homeland, she's met by granddaughter Eun-joo, and they drive to the house in the country and stay the night. Sun-yi recalls how 47 years ago when she was a teenage girl in 1965, she moved from Seoul along with her widowed mother and sister Sun-ja to a remote valley to undergo a period of convalescence after suffering problems with her lungs. The Kims lived in genteel poverty at the mercy of their arrogant and foppish landlord, Ji-tae, son of the business partner of Sun-yi's late father. Because of her delicate health, the beautiful yet introverted Sun-yi lives an isolated life in the country home, without any friends her age.
One night, Sun-yi glimpses a shadow in the outhouse; the next day, she discovers a feral boy of about 19 crouching in their yard. The boy's body temperature is 46 degrees Celsius, his blood type unidentifiable, and he can neither read nor speak. Even though he behaves like a wild beast, Sun-yi's kindhearted mother adopts him and names him Chul-soo, assuming he's one of more than 60,000 children orphaned in the Korean War. 
At first Sun-yi considers him a nuisance, but eventually has fun taming him according to a dog-training manual. She teaches him how to wait patiently before a meal, how to wear clothes, how to speak, how to write and other human behavior so that he could one day live like a normal man. Chul-soo demonstrates unswerving loyalty and superhuman brawn, thus inspiring the envy of Ji-tae, who lusts after Sun-yi.
As Sun-yi attempts to "civilize" the beast, the two eventually become very close. Sun-yi opens her heart to Chul-soo, and he in turn falls in love with her, the only person to ever show him affection. But their relationship is fraught with difficulties, as Ji-tae begins to cause trouble. Feeling threatened, Chul-soo lets loose his bestial instincts, and in their fear the town villagers turn on him. In order to save the life of the boy who risked his to be by her side, Sun-yi leaves him with a promise: "Wait for me. I’ll come back for you". 
Returning to present day, Sun-yi decides to stay the night. In the middle of the night she walks into the shed to find Chul-soo sitting there, still as young as he was 47 years ago. He hands her the note that she wrote. She realizes that he's been there waiting all along. He reads her the book that she asked him to when he can speak, as she sleeps. The next day she wakes up with Chul-soo nowhere in sight. She leaves with her granddaughter. In the car they receive a call from the county asking about the property. Sun-yi tells him that she's not selling the place and hangs up. Chul-soo stares from afar as the car drives away.
Music.
The film's music video featured John Park's single "철부지" ("Childlike").
"My Prince," the song that Sun-yi sings in the film, was released as a digital single and included in the soundtrack. It was composed by music director Shim Hyun-jung with lyrics by director Jo Sung-hee.
Reception.
After premiering at number one in the South Korean box office with more than 100,000 admissions, "A Werewolf Boy" broke the 1 million mark after five days, 2 million after nine days, and 3.6 million in twelve days. Not only were these numbers remarkably high for November, considered a slow season for moviegoing in Korea, but it was also a rare feat for its melodrama genre. 
The film also has the distinction of setting a new box office record for ""suneung" day," the date on which high school seniors take their College Scholastic Ability Test. Each year large numbers of students book tickets for films in the evening after the exam has finished, but "A Werewolf Boy"'s one-day score of 341,475 tickets on November 8 outpaced the totals of any film in previous years. 
On November 15, its 4.12 million admissions surpassed "Architecture 101" to become the most successful Korean melodrama of all time. Ticket sales reached 5 million on November 18, 6 million on November 26, then 7 million on December 16, making it the third highest Korean top grosser of 2012, behind "The Thieves" and "Masquerade", and also the fourth best selling film of the year overall.
The film also became a sleeper hit when it was released in Taiwan on December 28, 2012, grossing NT$4 million (US$138,000) at the Taipei box office after 17 days on release.
The film also made its premiere in the Philippines on September 18, 2013 as part of the Korean Movie Festival 2013.
Alternate ending.
After director Jo Sung-hee revealed during one of the film's Q&A sessions that they had shot an alternate ending, due to popular demand, the movie was re-released on December 6, 2012 with that ending. The alternate finale involves Park Bo-young's Sun-yi, and among the deleted scenes are moments from Ji-tae's (Yoo Yeon-seok) childhood as well as more focus on the neighborhood in which the plot unfolds.
Book.
A novelization was published on October 31, 2012, to coincide with the movie's opening day.
Awards and nominations.
2012 Korean Culture and Entertainment Awards
2013 KOFRA Film Awards (Korea Film Reporters Association)
2013 Asian Film Awards 
2013 Baeksang Arts Awards 
2013 Mnet 20's Choice Awards
2013 Buil Film Awards
2013 Grand Bell Awards

</doc>
<doc id="36742556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742556" title="Denner Paulino Barbosa">
Denner Paulino Barbosa

Denner Paulino Barbosa, commonly known as Denner, (born 21 November 1993 in Guarulhos) is a Brazilian football player, currently playing as a left back for Boa Esporte on loan from Corinthians.
Career.
Denner began his career in the youth of the Corinthians. With good performances in the Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior in 2011, the left back was called by the technical committee to gain experience in professional cast of Corinthians. Recently, Denner was called up to join the Brazil U-17 on the left side. He joined the cast of the Brazil U-17 victory in 2011. In 2012, the left back part of the team eight times champion Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior.

</doc>
<doc id="36742564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742564" title="Namara inscription">
Namara inscription

The Namara inscription (Arabic: نقش النمارة ) is usually interpreted as an early example of the Arabic language, but is sometimes interpreted as a late version of the Nabataean language in its transition to Arabic. It has been described by Irfan Shahid as "the most important Arabic inscription of pre-Islamic times" and by Kees Versteegh as "the most famous Arabic inscription". And according to Saad D. Abulhab, who described his reading of the inscription as the first coherent and fully classical Arabic reading of it, this inscription "can incontrovertibly prove that the grammar and language of the Quran are deeply rooted and developed in Arabia, long before Islam". It is also an important source for the relationships between the Romans and the Arabs in the fourth century AD.
Differences from Arabic language.
The inscription is written in the Nabatean Aramaic script but there are ambiguities of interpretation as the script has only 22 signs (some with added annotations) and the Arabic dialect had 28 or 29 consonants. The script has ligatures between some letters, showing a transition towards an Arabic script. Some of the terms used in the text are closer to Aramaic than Arabic; for example, it uses the Aramaic patronymic "b-r" rather than the Arabic term "b-n". However, most of the text is very close to the classical Arabic used in the Qu'ran in the 6th century.
Discovery.
The inscription was found on 4 April 1901 by two French archaeologists, René Dussaud and Frédéric Macler, at an-Namara (also Namārah; modern Nimreh) near Shahba and Jabal al-Druze in southern Syria, about south of Damascus and northeast Bostra, and east of the Sea of Galilee. The location was near the boundary of the Roman Empire at the date it was carved, the Limes Arabicus of the province of Arabia Petraea. An-Namara was later the site of a Roman fort.
History.
The inscription is carved in five lines on a block of basalt, which may have been the lintel for a tomb. It is the epitaph of a recently deceased Arab king of the Lakhmids, Imru' al-Qays ibn 'Amr, and dated securely to AD 328. Imru' al-Qays followed his father 'Amr ibn Adi in using a large army and navy to conquered much of Iraq and the Arabian peninsula from their capital at al-Hirah. At this time, they were vassals of the Persian Sassanids. Raids on Iran triggered a campaign by Sassanid emperor Shapur II which conquered the Iraqi lands, and Imru' al-Qays retreated to Bahrain. He moved to Syria to seek help from the Roman emperor Constantine. Imru' al-Qays converted to Christianity before his death in Syria and was entombed in the Syrian desert. His conversion is mentioned in the Arab history of Hisham Ibn Al-Kalbi, but not mentioned in the inscription itself; equally there is no mention of any pagan belief. 
The first tracing and reading of the Namara inscription was published in the beginning of the twentieth century by René Dussaud. According to his reading, the text starts by informing the reader that this inscription was the burial monument of the king, then it introduces him and lists his achievements, and finally announces the date of his death. Many other scholars have re-read and analyzed the language of the inscription over the last century but, despite their slight differences, they all agreed with Dussaud's central viewpoint that the Namara stone was the burial monument of King Imru' al-Qays. In 1985, James A. Bellamy offered the first significantly different tracing of the inscription since Dussaud, including a breakthrough tracing correction of two highly contested words in the beginning of the third line (pointed out on Dussaud's original tracing figure as words 4 and 5). However, despite Bellamy's new important re-tracings, his Arabic reading fully agreed with the general theme of Dusausd's original reading. Bellamy's widely accepted new translation of the inscription reads: 
This is the funerary monument of Imru' al-Qays, son of 'Amr, king of the Arabs, and (?) his title of honour was Master of Asad and Madhhij.<br>
And he subdued the Asadis and they were overwhelmed together with their kings, and he put to flight Madhhij thereafter, and came<br>
driving them to the gates of Najran, the city of Shammar, and he subdued Ma'add, and the dealt gently with the nobles<br>
of the tribes, and appointed them viceroys, and they became phylarchs for the Romans. And no king has equalled his achievements.<br>
Thereafter he died in the year 223 on the 7th day of Kaslul. Oh the good fortune of those who were his friends!
Below is Bellamy's modern Arabic translation of the Namara inscription, with brief added explanations between parenthesis: 
تي (هذه) نَفسُ (شاهدة قبر) امرؤ القيس بن عَمرو مَلِكُ العرب، ولقبهُ ذو أسَد ومذحج. <br>
ومَلَكَ الأسديين ونزار وملوكهمْ وهَرَّبَ مذحج عَكدي (كلمة عامية تدمج الكلمتين "عن قضى"، بمعنى بعد ذلك) وجاء (اي امرؤ القيس) يزجها (يقاتلها بضراوة) في رُتِجِ (ابواب) نَجران، مدينة شمّر، ومَلَكَ معد (بنو مَعَدْ في اليمن) ونَبَلَ بنَبه الشعوب (عامل نبلاءهم باحترام ولطف) ووكلهن (اي عين نبلاءهم شيوخا للقبائل) فرأسو لروما (فاعترفو بسيادة روما عليهم) فلم يبلغ ملك مَبلَغَه.<br>
The mention of the date - the 7th of Kaslul in the year 223 of the Nabatean era of Bostra - securely dates his death to the 7th day of December in AD 328.
However, according to a new updated tracing and reading by Saad D. Abulhab that was published in 2011, the inscription did not start by introducing King Imru' al-Qays or speak about a burial monument. In his reading, Abulhab indicated that the writer of the inscription only swore by the soul of the King in the first sentence, before moving to the main paragraph of the inscription, which listed the achievements of a single battle by an Arab soldier or tribal ally of the Roman forces named 'Akdi, who defeated Madhhij,a known Yemeni tribe, in a fierce battle near Najran. The final sentence of the text then announced 'Akdi's death and asked his parents to be happy and proud of him. Below is an image showing Abulhab's updated tracing and new reading of the inscription followed by his translation in English and his modern Arabic reading with brief added explanations between parenthesis. The details of Abulhab's new reading was published in a chapter of his book about this inscription and the Umm al-Jimal Nabataean Inscription titled, The al-Namarah Nabataean Arabic Inscription (328 CE) (نقش النمارة العربي النبطي 328م).
This is soul of Imru' al-Qays bin ʿAmrū, king of all Arabs, holder of the crown of Asad, and king of all of Asad tribes and Nazār tribes and their kings.<br> 
ʿAkdī has defeated Madhḥij after engaging it in a heated battle in the narrow roads of Najran, city of Shamir, king of Ma'ad, and befittingly differentiated between its people and placed them under the protection of the Roman cavalry — not even a king could accomplish what he had accomplished.<br>
ʿAkdī died on December 7th, 223 AD, O’ the happiness of those who gave birth to him.<br>
تَيا (قَسماً يا؛ يا) نَفسُ (روحُ) امرؤ القيس بن عَمْرو، مَلِكُ العَرَبِ كُلُّها، ذو أسَد التاج (كُنية)، ومَلِكُ الأسَديين (بنو أسد، نَجْدْ) ونَزارٍ (بنو نَزار، الحجاز) وملُوكَهُمو.<br>
Ambiguities in translation.
Parts of the translation are uncertain. For example, early translations suggested that Imru' al-Qays was king of "all" the Arabs, which seems unlikely after he moved to Syria. It is also not clear whether Imru' al-Qays campaigned towards Najran while he was based al-Hirah, or after his move to Syria, and in either case whether he did so alone or with assistance from the Sassanids or the Romans.
Some of these ambiguities can be solved when taking into account Abulhab's translation, above, which indicated that the inscription only swore by King Imru' al-Qays soul, but was not about him. Abulhab believes King Imru' al-Qays did not die in 328CE, the date of the inscription, and that this inscription was likely dated several years after his death, possibly in the battle of al-Hirah. 
The inscription is now held by the Louvre museum in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36742578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742578" title="Danny Kennedy (environmentalist)">
Danny Kennedy (environmentalist)

Danny Kennedy (born February 24, 1971) is a clean-technology entrepreneur, an environmental activist, and the author of the book "Rooftop Revolution: How Solar Power Can Save Our Economy—and Our Planet—from Dirty Energy" (2012). He founded Sungevity, a rapidly growing residential solar power company. While at Sungevity, Kennedy won a Planet Forward Innovator of the Year award from the PBS program Planet Forward. He is currently Sungevity's president.
Early life.
Kennedy was born in Los Angeles to Australian parents. Kennedy and his family moved between the USA, Europe, and Australia until he was 11 years old, when his family settled in Sydney, Australia. Kennedy attended St. Aloysius School.
As a youngster Kennedy was a community organizer, fundraiser, journalist, and youth activist. At the age of 12 he was involved with a successful campaign to prevent construction of a dam in Tasmania. From 1983 he worked with the Australian Conservation Foundation on various projects including forestry protection and ozone depletion. In 1990 Kennedy was a representative at the Montreal Protocol Negotiations in London, where he met Alec Guettel (with whom he would later found Sungevity). In 1992 Kennedy organized around the first Rio Earth Summit and worked for the UN Conference on Environment and Development.
Career.
Kennedy began working with Greenpeace in the early 1990s, as a researcher seeking to end new oil exploration in Papua New Guinea. He almost died of malaria in the process. He left Greenpeace in 1995.
In 1996 Kennedy founded and directed Project Underground, an organization focused on human rights and committed to protecting people threatened by mining and oil operations.
Kennedy became the Director of the USA Clean Energy Now Campaign in 2000, and forged the California Clean Energy Now Campaign in 2001 and 2002; this campaign helped create the state’s California Solar Initiative, which provides substantial market support that has helped many citizens go solar. He moved back to Australia in 2003 and was the Campaigns Manager for Greenpeace Australia Pacific from 2003 to 2006.
Kennedy is an acquaintance of actress, Cate Blanchett, helping her in a project to green the building of the Sydney Theatre Company.
In December 2006, Kennedy left Australia and moved to Oakland, California, to start Sungevity Inc., a residential solar power company, with colleagues Andrew Birch (CEO) and Alec Guettel (Chairman of the Board). The company designs home solar systems; finances new systems with its Solar Lease program; and manages system installation, maintenance, and performance. Kennedy founded Sungevity to promote the use of clean energy and eliminate the world’s dependence on fossil fuel. He is president of the company, serves on its board of directors, and oversees government relations and community engagement programs.
Kennedy spearheaded 2010’s “Solar on the White House” campaign, which resulted in a decision by the Obama administration to place solar panels on the First Family residence.In August of 2013,after a competitive bidding process, the panels were installed.http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2013/08/15/white-house-solar-panels-finally-being-installed/
Kennedy serves on the board of The Solar Foundation, a global research and education organization in Washington, DC, and Mosaic, a solar-focused, crowd-funding start-up in Oakland, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36742594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742594" title="2012 Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football season">
2012 Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football season

The 2012 Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football season is made up of 10 United States college athletic programs that compete in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference (KCAC) under the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) for the 2012 college football season.
The season began play on August 25, 2012 when the Ottawa Braves hosted the Baker Wildcats.
Conference teams and information.
Conference rules require each team to play all other teams within the conference and two other regular season non-conference game for a total of 11 games. Up until 2011, the conference only allowed a 10-game season.
Two teams begin the season with new head coaches. Bethel's head coach Travis Graber resigned on July 27, 2012 with just over a month before the season begins for his team. Bethel named former assistant James Dotson as interim head coach for the 2012 season.
McPherson's Pete Sterbick is also new to his team and a first-year head coach. Sterbick was announced as the new head coach for the Bulldogs in February 2012.
Preseason outlook.
Immediately following the conference's "media day" on August 1, 2012, votes were tabulated for both the KCAC Coaches' and Media Preseason Polls. Ottawa University was the clear choice in both polls to win the conference, with nine first place votes in the coaches' poll and 15 in the Media Poll.
Nationally, the season began with Ottawa ranked #10 in the nation and Bethany ranked #24 nationally in the 2012 Spring NAIA Coaches' Poll. Friends received votes in the poll but was not ranked in the top 25.
Regular season.
"Schedule is subject to change."
Week 0.
The season began with two non-conference games for the KCAC. Baker University from the Heart of America Athletic Conference traveled to Ottawa and Tabor visited Bacone College of the Central States Football League. Both KCAC teams lost their games, leaving the conference 0–2 against other conferences.
#18 Baker at #11 Ottawa.
Baker and Ottawa met in the season's first NAIA "Game of the Week" on August 25. This was the sixth time that both teams have met in their season opener, and the 81st meeting all-time for the two programs. Going into the game, Baker led the rivalry 45-33-2 including a 41-16 victory in 2011.
Ottawa came to the game winning the conference two of the last three seasons and with three consecutive post-season appearances. Baker has five consecutive winning seasons and five rankings in the top 25 final poll. Baker plays in the Heart of America Athletic Conference, considered one of the strongest in the NAIA.
When the game got under way, Baker scored first with a 12-yard field goal by Steven Stewart with 8:13 left in the first quarter, but not after losing starting quarterback Jake Morse to injury for the remainder of the game. With 4:45 left in the first, Ottawa answered back with a touchdown and kicked the extra point to make the score 7–3. One more field goal by each team put the score 10–6 at halftime.
In the fourth quarter, Baker took the score from tied up at 13–13 to a 27–13 lead by capitalizing on two turnovers. With 1:49 left to play, Ryder Werts fell on the ball in the end zone for a touchdown and kicker Steven Stewart made the extra point to put the Wildcats up by seven. Just 29 seconds later, Baker's Emmerson Clarke took a 48-yard interception return for a touchdown. Stewart's extra point put the score at 27–13. Ottawa managed a final touchdown with five seconds to go in the fourth quarter to put the final score at 27–20, with Baker recording the upset victory over the higher-ranked team.
Baker had two key players injured during and prior to the game. Morse's injury was somewhat of a repeat of the matchup in 2010, when he left the game due to a concussion. Just one week earlier, Junior Scott Meyer’s season ended from injury in a scrimmage game against Fort Scott Community College.
Ottawa began the game without offensive starter Matt Bollig, who suffered a career-ending injury during weightlifting practice in July.
Tabor at Bacone.
Tabor traveled to Muskogee, Oklahoma for their game against Bacone for the second of two games in the conference for the week. Bacone coach Trevor Rubly began the game looking for his squad to improve over last year's statistics in turnovers beginning with this game. Last year Tabor completed a 3-7 overall record and 2-7 in conference play, but was picked to finish higher in both media and coaches conference poll.
Bacone managed to get off to an early start, scoring 10 points in the first quarter and leading at halftime 13–0. Tabor showed heart in the third quarter by scoring 20 points and made a good attempt at a comeback, but allowed Bacone to tack on an additional 12 to win the game 25–20.
Week 1.
The games of week 1 produced only one non-conference victory with Bethany, who took sole possession of first place in the conference standings and a record of 1–0. All other teams in the conference concluded week 1 with a record of 0–0.
After week 1, the conference stood at 1–9 against non-conference opponents.
Southwestern at #10 Northwestern (IA).
Tenth ranked Northwestern hosted the Southwestern College Moundbuilders on a Thursday night game in front of 2,347 fans. Southwestern entered the game with optimism of a victory and breaking a losing streak.
Northwestern dominated play the entire game. Head coach Kyle Achterhoff led his team to 649 yards and 7 touchdowns, averaging 7.1 yards per play while holding Southwestern to 156 yards and no points. Southwestern's Ceth Bannister managed a 64-yard punt in the game as a bright spot for Southwestern. The final score was 49–0 with Northwestern winning.
#14 William Penn at Bethel.
Bethel's interim coach James Dotson had just 41 players suited up for their season opener, against 14th-ranked William Penn. William Penn scored 29 points in the first quarter alone and dominated every aspect of the game. The Statesmen came into the game off a 39–14 victory over Iowa Wesleyan the previous week.
William Penn piled on 474 yards of total offense and seven touchdowns while holding Bethel to just 49 yards with no scores. The final score was 54–0.
Kansas Wesleyan at #22 Cumberland.
Kansas Wesleyan met #22 Cumberland in the "Big River Bowl" hosted in Dyersburg, Tennessee, the first of two games played that day at the location.
Kansas Wesleyan secured 207 yards in the first half but only 45 in the second half of the game. Cumberland led 14–10 at halftime, and then began the third quarter with a 52-yard touchdown pass to Marquis Hagewood. Cumberland finished the game with 451 yards of total offense, including 317 on the ground. Cumberland claimed victory by a score of 31–10.
Sterling at #13 Benedictine.
The Benedictine Ravens played host to the Sterling Warriors and dominated every aspect of the game.
The Ravens achieved 429 yards in total offense with eight touchdowns while Sterling earned just 265 and one touchdown. Sterling lost four fumbles and another interception while only making good on 3 of 14 third down situations. Benedictine lost two fumbles and zero interceptions while converting 6 of 11 third downs. The final score was Benedictine 59, Sterling 6.
Saint Mary at Nebraska Wesleyan.
Saint Mary's Jerrell Young caught a 9-yard pass from Mike Keese for a touchdown in the first quarter to get off to a 7–0 lead. Wesleyan's Nate Hauptman made good on a 1-yard run for a touchdown in the second quarter to tie up the score, but Saint Mary pulled ahead when Marcus Mata ran for a four-yard touchdown and Saint Mary went in at halftime with a 14–7 lead.
Saint Mary's top-flight passing attack helped give the Spires a 458-242 edge in total offense. Quarterback Mike Keese - who threw for 3,638 yards and 21 touchdowns a year ago - was 30-of-54 for 377 yards and two touchdowns.
Saint Mary still held a thin lead when Wesleayn's Nate Hauptman threw a 30-yard pass to Ryan Larsen for a touchdown because the extra point was blocked. Saint Mary held a 14–13 lead. But two more scores by Wesleyan in the third quarter made a difference, as Aaron Lorraine made a 31-yard field goal and Dustin Bryant scored on a 7 yard carry to end the third quarter 23–14.
Nebraska Wesleyan scored on three straight possessions in the second half and batted down a fourth-and-goal pass in the end zone to hold on for the win. Saint Mary attempt to come back in the fourth quarter fell short and Nebraska Wesleyan won 25–20.
Friends at Evangel.
Evangel began its season opener against Friends looking to bounce back from last season's record of 3–7, depending on their more experienced players such as pre-season second team all-American linebacker Tabor Cheo.
Evangel's Jesse Vaughn caught a 31-yard pass from Andrew Brimhal for a touchdown in the first quarter to take the lead and Evangel held the lead for the remainder of the game. Evangel's offense out-produced Friends 419 yards to 374, with three touchdowns to two by the Falcons. The final score was Friends 14, Evangel 27.
#9 Missouri Valley at McPherson.
The lead changed five times when #9 Missouri Valley traveled to play McPherson. Missouri Valley achieved 377 yards of total offense and three touchdowns while McPherson nearly matched with 376 yards but only two touchdowns. McPherson was intercepted twice where Missouri Valley was not, but McPherson only committed one penalty to Missouri Valley's seven. In the end, Missouri Valley claimed victory 27–13.
#24 Bethany at Southwestern Assemblies of God.
Last season Southwestern Assemblies of God (SAGU) ended with a record of 4 wins and 6 lossess. The team returned 13 starting players for the new season, including quarterback Reid Golson and running backs Sean Haynes and Cade Leuschner.
Bethany's Darby House managed to throw two touchdown passes to offset SAGU's four field goals. One touchdown pass was caught by Brandon Martino and the other by teammate D'Andre Thompson. The second to Thomspson came with 37 seconds left in the game. It was just enough for a 13–12 victory.
Week 2.
Week 2 was exclusively conference play. Two teams entered the week ranked: Ottawa at #11 and Bethany at #24. When the week was over, both Ottawa and Bethany were dropped from the rankings due to losses and other conference teams managed to earn a ranking.
#11 Ottawa at Kansas Wesleyan.
Underdog Kansas Wesleyan ended the first quarter with a 17–7 lead and held it for the remainder of the game, although 11th-ranked Ottawa did manage to work up what looked like a comeback. Ottawa's offense achieved 512 total yards and held Kansas Wesleyan to 327 and four touchdowns apiece. The difference came down to kicking, as Kansas Wesleyan's Terry Stecker managed a field goal to put the Coyotes far enough ahead to keep the victory. Final score: Kansas Wesleyan 31, Ottawa 28.
McPherson at #24 Bethany.
Only two touchdowns came in the game between McPherson and Bethany in the home opener for the Terrible Sweedes, and both of those touchdowns were achieved by McPherson. The first one came with just thirteen seconds left in the second quarter when Havelock Pomele made a 2-yard run to score, and Cord Cunningham converted the extra point to put the score to 7–0. The second touchdown, also by Pomele was a 13-yard run with 14:53 left in the fourth quarter. Cunningham made good on the extra point for the second time and the result was a McPherson upset over #24 Bethany by a score of 14–0.
Week 5.
Avila vs. Bethany.
Avila and Bethany played their game as scheduled and Avila outscored Bethany by a score of 35–19. Avila would later forfeit the victory due to the use of an ineligible player.
Week 8.
#22 Tabor vs. McPherson - cancelled.
On October 4, 2012, the KCAC and presidents of McPherson and Tabor agreed to cancel their game scheduled for October 20, 2012. The game was cancelled in light of the ongoing investigation into the murder of Tabor football player Brandon Brown. The two suspected of committing the murder are former football players from McPherson College.
Aftermath.
Two former players from McPherson's team have been charged with the murder: Alton Franklin and Dequinte Oshea Flournoy. Both were on the football roster at McPherson for the previous year, and Franklin was listed as a sophomore linebacker at the beginning of the 2012 season. He was dismissed from the team before the incident and Flournoy was also no longer a member of the team.
Michael Schneider, President of McPherson College said that McPherson and Tabor colleges do not have a rivalry that would account for what happened.
Preliminary hearing.
Investigation of the crime was handled in cooperation by the McPherson Police Department, the McPherson County Sheriff's Office, and the Kansas Bureau of Investigation.
After a preliminary hearing on January 31, 2013, the suspects Franklin and Flournoy were bound over for trial on charges of being accessories to second-degree murder.
The McPherson County Medical Examiner testified that Brown's blood alcohol level was .30, well above the legal limit in the state of Kansas. Attorneys for the defense argued that their actions were self-defense, saying "The defendants were using force to try to remove them from the premises." David Harger, Franklin's attorney continued, "Those people were armed. They then, as we know from police, stabbed the door with a knife."
Both Franklin and Flournoy entered a plea of not guilty.
Plea bargain & trial.
DeQuinte Flournoy later changed his position and entered a plea of no contest to a reduced charge of felony aggravated battery. A third former McPherson player testified that Franklin struck Brown in the face and Flournoy held Brown down. At the time, Flournoy was expected to testify at Franklin's trial.
The jury deliberated less than two hours before delivering a verdict of not guilty of second-degree murder for Alton Franklin. Franklin was released after being held since September. Reactions from the community were left wanting more details and seeking understanding about the results.
Postseason.
Conference regular season champion Ottawa earned an invitation to the 2012 NAIA Football National Championship and was the only team in the conference to be invited. No other team achieved post-season play.
First Round.
#15 Ottawa (KS) at #2 Missouri Valley.
Missouri Valley finished the regular season with its third consecutive conference championship and an undefeated 10–0 record, while Ottawa entered into the game with its second consecutive conference championship and a record of 8–2. Missouri Valley earned the home field advantage for the first round.
Missouri Valley scored 15 points in the first quarter and held Ottawa to zero, and held that lead for the entire game. Missouri Valley averaged 6.9 yards per play while holding Ottawa to 2.7. Missouri Valley's 487 total yards was made up of 229 yards rushing and 258 passing. With 13:46 left in the second quarter, Ottawa scored and managed to bring the score within eight points, but Missouri Valley pulled further away to a victorious final score of 56–21.
Player and coach awards.
At the end the regular season play, the conference granted multiple individual and team awards. Ottawa University was declared conference champion and the Tabor Bluejays were declared runner-up.
Ottawa's Shane Gimzo was awarded the Player of the Year. Mike Keese of Saint Mary was awarded Offensive Player of the Year and Defensive Player of the Year went to Donald Anderson of Ottawa. Friends University's Derek Racette earns Special Teams Player of the Year and Jordan Barrett of Southwestern College was named the "Dr. Ted Kessinger Champion of Character Award" recipient. Mike Gardner of Tabor was declared the conference Coach of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="36742598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742598" title="St. George Lake">
St. George Lake

St. George Lake is the fourth largest lake in Waldo County, Maine. It is in the township of Liberty, on the western side of Waldo County. Lake St. George State Park is on the northwest shore of the lake.
The lake is populated with at least 14 species of fish, including salmon, brook trout (stocked since 1980), and smallmouth bass.

</doc>
<doc id="36742603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742603" title="Des mots invincibles">
Des mots invincibles

"Des mots invincibles" is a song by French pop-R&B singer-songwriter Leslie Bourgoin. It was written by Bourgoin, Aurélien Mazin, and Siméo; with Siméo and DJ Kore handling the production. The song was released by Play On on June 4, 2012 as the first single from Bourgoin's fifth album, "Les enfants de l'orage" (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="36742618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742618" title="Leeds Municipal election, 1954">
Leeds Municipal election, 1954

The Leeds municipal elections were held on Thursday 14 May 1954, with one third of the council up for election.
Despite a further swing away from Labour to the Conservatives of 3.7%, leaving both parties neck and neck in votes, Labour continued on to their third and final gains unabated in the wards of Armley, Blenheim, Bramley, Cross Gates, Stanningley, Westfield, and Woodhouse, comfortably winning the majority of seats. The swing however helped the Conservatives to hold on to Wortley, unlike previous years. As such Labour doubled its majority on the council as part of a victorious night on the whole for them. Turnout for the election sunk below the 40% mark for the first time in the post-war period, to 39.2%.
Election result.
The result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections:

</doc>
<doc id="36742627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742627" title="Bronislaw Urbański">
Bronislaw Urbański

Biography.
Bronislaw Urbański was born on 10 October 1912 in Piotrkow Trybunalski (Poland) to parents Piotr Urbański and Marianna Urbańska of the 'House of Urbanski' of Haczow, formed in 1602 by King Sigismund III, Bronislaw had the title of Count before Polish Nobility laws were eliminated from their constitution 17 March 1921. Their family Lived in many towns, including Lodz and the Kamien Area. The Urbański line where he came from were listed as Landed Magnates – and defined as 'Szlachta' with their Herbarz (Crest) Nieczuja of Haczow (Szlachta were the legally privileged Noble Class), they were also land owners of Southern Poland including towns of Kombornia, Urbanica (i.e. city/town of Urbański) and Haczow and many other towns and were the original owners of the famed church in 'Haczow'.
Ref* Count Felix Urbański family Haczow 
Other members of this Noble family were Alfred Urbański, Prime Minister in Exile of Poland (1972 - 1976) and Franciszek Urbański (trial of sixteen 1945)
Captured by the Wehrmacht.
In 1938 Bronislaw Urbański began his journey as he became an Officer in the K.O.P. (Korpus Ochrony Pogranicza) as 'Plutonowy' (eng. Platoon Leader) of the Dederkaly Baon. In September 1939, 17 days prior to the invasion of Poland by the Russian Army after the German invasion Bronislaw made a decision that would not only save his life but also for many other lives later in this war time as his comrades did the same.
Bronislaw faced with no possible means or avenues of escape changed his identity from being Plutonowy (Eng. Non Commissioned Officer) of K.O.P. to become a regular army sergeant (as K.O.P. were always shot by the Russians if caught) by the exchange of his clothing with a farmer and collecting some regular Army clothing whilst on the run. He also gave a slightly different birthdate and also created another 'dog tag' using a new blank and a special tool, so this would not tie him to his true identity.
He was captured by a German Panzer Division on a remote farm in 'Kulikov'(then) in Poland and now a Sergeant of the Regular Army. This identity change reflects the same strategy that Jan Karski also used, this strategy unbeknown to him or Jan would save their lives from massacre at KATYN.
Officially now Prisoner of War No. 1749 Bronislaw’s capture was marked by the "Worchenchau" (see video ref) German Film Crew at 1:00 min in, they filmed the collection point of Polish P.O.W. this film was used as a Propaganda film for the 3rd Reich to demonstrate how kind they were to their enemy. Before taking him to Germany Stalag VA. The film crew swept along the lines of P.O.W.S. and for their own reasons stopped at Bronislaw and panned him up and down clearly this helped identify him to his family many years later when this footage became public viewing. 
Bronislaw was initially taken to Stalag VA, then to Stalag VC and eventually to Stalag VB in Villingen where he reconnected with his brother Janek Urbanski, who also by now was a P.O.W.
Imprisonment/Death of Family Members.
April 1942 saw Bronislaw's much younger brother, Janek taken on a work detail outside the Stalag VB. Bronislaw was able to recount that the work detail was to hide some treasures of the Fuhrer. Janek never returned. Bronislaw continued by telling how he challenged the guards about his missing brother only to be told that "he fell off the truck, ..hit his head and died". Bronislaw knowing from the guards behaviour that this was untrue attacked the guards but he was knocked unconscious with the steel end of a rifle butt for his efforts. Bronislaw was unconscious for two and a half days and his skull was broken. The scar from this can be seen above his nose in the 1946 photo. Bronislaw was near death during this time but did recover. 2 months later he was transferred to the first of two farms he would work at. These German farms were to provide food for the Third Reich.
Bronislaw managed to escape from the second farm with the aid of a RAYON / SILK map found in a Monopoly Game given as a CARE package by the RED CROSS whilst in one of the Stalags which was put there by MI-9. He escaped to France with some real FRANCS found hidden inside the games 'pretend money' and joined the Polish underground. Later on Bronislaw finds that no less than 9 of his male family members have been killed by either the German in Concentration Camps or Russian Camps during their internment in Buchenwald, Stablowicz, Sashenhauser, Dachau, Oboz koncentracyjny, Gross Rosen (belsen), Siberia.
World War II resistance.
"...Bronislaw after his escape in 1942 and until his final involvement with the U.S.A. Army used "various names" or aliases for his own safety, for fear of German re-capture and identification of his family. In so doing he became immersed into many Polish resistance groups both during and after WWII in an effort to free Poland from the grips of Nazi and Communism..."
Bronislaw (using a slightly 'altered name' again for his survival) eventually found his way to Prime Minister in exile General Wlaydslaw Sikorski and as he was a survivor of K.O.P. he claims he became one of his 'personal men' one of twelve bodyguards. Later in 1943 he became involved with the allies in ‘Operation Vulcan’ which occurred on On April 22, 1943 by the British Infantry Division, as a part of 1st Army's offensive with General Sikorski the battle was successful over the AXIS. 
He was devastated by the death of Sikorski produced from an act of deliberate sabotage. He found out not only the person who did the sabotage but also the method of tampering to the plane, however fearing for his life could not say nor do anything (until 1984)*. He was involved with the Polish II Corps and stopped the AXIS in North Africa and went onto Italy with the ALLIES. In Sicily to Monte Cassino, it is widely believed that he eventually was trained by the British as S.O.E. limited listings of these men his was one of the second wave of 'Cichociemni' in Brindisi and was parachuted back into Poland to help 'train' and 'set up' many resistance movements. He eventually joined the famed Brygada Swietokryska (later referred to as a Salamander).
His code to the Allies and Poland’s underground by using HAM Radio (wireless) and other's was the p.s. 'White Ghost' via his contact (and relative) Franciszek Urbański who was then a leader of the Polish Underground (ref: Trial of Sixteen) Bronislaw a member of the Brygada Swietokryska NSZ-ZJ a breakaway group that did not listen to the A.K. directions as they eliminated both Russian and German enemies of their beloved Poland who wanted Poland free from Nazis and Communism with the help of intelligence reporting just before the war ended. 
He also was in contact with General George Patton with contact via Polish American Soldiers by HAM Radios in which later on he had three other actions with him including the 'freeing' of the Holysov Concentration Camp as a Brygada Swietokryska. Bronislaw was also a member of various groups such as 5 Wilenska Brygada (including its earlier versions). 
The Brygada Swietokryska on the 5/5/1945 attacked the Holysov concentration camp. Bronislaw had co-ordinated this attack with General Patton's (3rd U.S. Army) as a simultaneous attack on Flossenberg concentration camp as well. The Holysov attack was precipitated by a conversation that was overheard by a Brygada member. The Holysov camp held approx 700 female prisoners and was used to make 'anti-aircraft ammunition' for the Third Reich. Guarding this camp were approx 200 SS Commando's. The Commando's were tasked to destroy and exit the camp which included killing all the prisoners. Bronislaw was in horror upon hearing this information so with the aid of other members of the Brygada they set four charges of explosives around the perimeter of the Camp and then successfully attacked and freed the women and killed all of the SS Commando's. Within the next few hours General Paton's third army met with the Brygada and expressed to Bronislaw and the other members of their stunned disbelief at his and their undertaking. From this point onwards Bronislaw and the Brygada were to be Officially hired then by the US third army and placed under the direction of General George Patton as Polish Guard and also as C.G.T.C. (civilian guard military police) in U.S. occupied Germany.
Their task was to round up Nazis and to guard over at Dachau but mostly under U.S. Occupied Germany and other select camps now filled with German Nazi prisoners . He also guarded at the Nuremberg trials, and Police the now Lawless U.S. Occupied Zone in Germany.
Even though WWII was over Bronislaw stayed involved with the 'underground movement' for he wanted Freedom from Communism for Poland. For his family whilst under this rule had lost everything and his father (Piotr) had disappeared to Siberia and was never heard from again, presumed murdered.
To enable Bronislaw to remain undetected whilst with the U.S. Army he removed his ‘Salamander badge’ although the 4004th group kept their 'Salamander' badge on their uniforms. Other's in the Brygada who did wear their Salamander badges had previously upset Stalin and could not remain undetected were often killed. The U.S. Army in a never-to-be-repeated action issued their own Army uniforms to the 'select men' of the Brygada. These uniforms were dyed ‘navy blue’ as a sign of respect and noticeably different from the other C.G.T.C. or Polish Guards.
(many of these men were unfortunately hunted down by the Soviets well after the war not just within Poland but within the 14 Communist controlled countries they had now taken over. The wrath of the Soviets extended also to the families of these men). In defending Poland, Bronislaw's actions in trying to fight for Poland's freedom from the grips of Communism placed him as a 'Doomed Soldier' and must exit to a Western Country.
It was just after WWII that Bronislaw ALSO joined the WIN organisation as well as working for the U.S. Army as S/Sergeant at the same time. In reconnaissance work and directed by the OSS (which became the CIA) at the same time. In 1949 with the aid of the '1947 Secret Agreement' Bronislaw, his wife Helena and child Janek emigrated to Australia under its protection. This PCIRO agreement allowed for special forces/military personnel in U.S. occupied Germany to leave Germany and live in Australia. Travel and accommodation was paid by for the Australian government via this agreement.
Life in Australia.
Bronislaw and his wife and son arrived in Melbourne, Australia, on 6 December 1949 on the ship The General Hersey. Upon arrival they were billeted to the 'Bonegilla Migrant Hostel' Victoria which was considered by the family as harsh and spartan.
After moving to Adelaide, Bronislaw found work with the British atomic tests at Maralinga, and endured the 'Buffalo series' of atomic tests in 1956. Bronislaw in this work witnessed and was within unsafe ranges during these atomic blasts as part of his employment.
He also entered atomic sites directly after the blasts, to review and report on the outcomes of radiation on vehicles (military vehicles) left in the test zone. Bronislaw commented to his family that the ground he walked on after these tests turned to "thick orange glass" for a kilometre around the blast.
After returning to Adelaide after Maralinga, he worked at 'Rubbery Owens' producing car mag wheels until the early 1980s.
Bronislaw developed emphasaemia from, in all probability, the exposure to radiation at maralinga, plus his smoking habits of a lifetime. He succumbed to this disease in 1984.
Recognition.
Bronislaw has been recently post humously awarded with various medals for his war and post war service, including a specific medal for the role he played in the release of the women at Holysov concentration camp.
Bronislaw's service in WWII is still under review for further medals as more of his heroic actions are unravelled and revealed.
Information now shows that he fought under Poland then later during WWII with the British under Anders and finally before and after WWII with U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="36742663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742663" title="Dark-finger coral crab">
Dark-finger coral crab

Dark-finger coral crab may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36742669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742669" title="Gordon Falcon">
Gordon Falcon

Gordon Falcon is a New Zealand rugby league footballer who played rugby league professionally for the Penrith Panthers and rugby union for the New Zealand Māori and Hawke's Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="36742682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742682" title="Coal Exchange (London)">
Coal Exchange (London)

The London Coal Exchange was situated on the north side of Thames Street in the City of London, nearly opposite to Old Billingsgate Market, occupying three different structures from 1770 to 1962. The original coal exchange opened in 1770. A second building from 1805 was replaced by a new purpose-built structure constructed from 1847 to 1849, and opened by Prince Albert on 30 October 1849. This third London coal exchange was one of the first substantial buildings constructed from cast iron, built several years before the hall at the Great Exhibition. It was demolished in 1962 to allow widening of what is now Lower Thames Street. Cast iron decorations from the 1849 Coal Exchange building were selected as the model for the dragon boundary mark for the main entrances to the City of London.
Background.
Coal had been imported to London by sea since at least medieval times. A coal exchange was established in 1770 on Thames Street in the City of London, near the site of Smart's Quay and close to Billingsgate Market; the main trades at Billingsgate Dock were fish and coal. The market was established by the main coal merchants as a private body to regulate the trade of coal in the capital, and was controlled by private coal merchant until the old Coal Exchange was bought by the Corporation of London in 1807. A new building had been built in 1805, with a recessed classical portico supported by small Doric pillars and triangular pediment above, with stone steps leading to a quadrangle within. Under the control of the City Corporation, the Coal Exchange became a free and open market, regulated by various Acts of Parliament, including Acts in 1831, 1838 and 1845.
At this period, London was heated almost entirely by coal. By 1848, approximately 3.5 million tons of coal was being transported each year from the coalfields in Northumberland and Durham to London, with over 12,000 shiploads carried on nearly 3,000 vessels. The coal trade was also an important source of tax revenue for the city. The duty on coal funded Wren's rebuilding of more than 50 city churches and St Paul's Cathedral after the Great Fire of London in 1666, and also funded for other building works in the metropolis, such as the Thames Embankment.
Historically, coal taxes (metage, payable on each chaldron of 35 bushels or the imperial ton) were charged by the City based on volume measurements. A coal duty of 4 pence was confirmed by James I, with a duty of 8 pence more added under William and Mary, and an additional 1 pence added to fund the construction of the new Coal Exchange. From 1831, the City of London charged a duty of 13 pence per imperial ton before coal could be unshipped, and a certificate was sent to the Coal Exchange stating the date of shipment, name and owner of the ship, quantity of coal, where it was mined, and the price paid. The coal trade was dominated by sea transport until 1845, but railway transportation increased in importance in the 1850s and 1860s, with similar quantities carried on the rails, and the coal duty was extended to coal brought within 20 miles of London by any means in 1862. By 1875, five million tons of coal were being brought to London each year by rail and three million tons by sea.
Thousands of workmen of various grades were employed to move the coal from the ships to a customer's coal cellar, with "coal-whippers" carrying sacks of coal by hand from a ship to a coal merchant's lighter, and then taken onshore by "coal-backers". The coal was sorted by "coal-sifter" and put into coal-sacks by a "coal-filler", then transported by "coal-waggoners" and delivered by a "coal-trimmer". The work was heavy manual labour, but the trade was essential and workers were reasonably well paid for the period.
In the Coal Exchange, coal factors acted as agents between sellers and buyers. Factors agreed with coal sellers how much coal is available on a particular day, based on the ships available and the market price, with the market meeting on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 12 noon to 2:30pm. All sales were agreed privately, with no public auction, and factors would take a 0.5% commission.
By 1845, a petition was made to build a new exchange, and the City Clerk of Works, James Bunstone Bunning, produced a design. Construction started in December 1847 and the new Coal Exchange was formally opened by Prince Albert on 30 October 1849. The Lord Mayor and City MP, James Duke, was made a baronet in honour of the occasion.
Description.
The new Coal Exchange was built on the north side of Thames Street, on the east side of its junction with St. Mary-at-Hill, with four floors. A Roman hypocaust was found during the excavation of the building's foundations and preserved in its basement and is now a scheduled ancient monument.
The south and west fronts, facing the streets, were built in Italianate style from Portland stone, with four floors, measuring wide and high. At the southwest corner was an unusual high semi-circular portico with Doric columns and entablature, surmounted by a tower of Portland stone high, with a conical roof topped by a gilt ball. Within the tower was a staircase providing access to the upper floors. The ground floor portico provided access to an entrance vestibule leading to a large central circular vaulted hall. The central rotunda was in diameter, with a wooden floor inlaid with a large mariner's compass. The rotunda was covered by a glazed cast iron dome with its centre above the ground, held up by 8 cast iron piers, supported by 32 ribs 42 ft 6in long. The dome was decorated with "Raphaelesque" encaustic panels by Frederick Sang on a coal-related theme, depicting fossils of ferns, palms and other plants, and images of collieries and mining operations, and views of North Shields, Sunderland, Newcastle upon Tyne and Durham together, with cast iron decorative features. The piers also supported three tiers of cast iron galleries which opened on to offices around the exterior of the building which were occupied by coal factors and other agents and merchants connected with the coal trade.
Demolition.
The building suffered some damage in the Second World War, and it ceased to be used as a coal exchange after the war when the coal industry was nationalised. It was then used as offices, but the City of London did not proceed with plans to refurbish the building in the 1950s because its demolition had been suggested to allow widening of the road from Blackfriars to the East End, and it became progressively more dilapidated. Nonetheless, in the 1950s, Professor Richard Hitchcock described it as "the prime city monument of the early Victorian period". In September 1956, John Betjeman (a founding member of the Victorian Society and a passionate defender of Victorian architecture) gave a speech to the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings in the rotunda of the Coal Exchange to argue for its preservation. It became a Grade 2 listed building in 1958. A letter published in "The Times" and signed by Walter Gropius, Sigfried Giedion, Josep Lluís Sert and Eduard Sekler described the Coal Exchange as "a landmark in the history of early iron construction".
Various alternatives were proposed. The Georgian Group and the Victorian Society both favoured preservation of the Coal Exchange, even if that mean that the "very dull, plain and ordinary" rear parts of the nearby Grade-1 listed Custom House (then the headquarters of HM Customs & Excise) were removed. Others suggested a scheme in which a walkway would be added in arches under the Coal Exchange. There was also a suggestion that the dome could become part of the new Royal School of Music in the Barbican, or shipped to Australia to become part of the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, but funds were not available.
MP Tom Driberg made a speech in an adjournment debate in February 1961, quoting a statement by Sir Mortimer Wheeler published in "The Times" the previous day, saying that "Professor Pevsner has placed the threatened London Coal Exchange among the twelve irreplaceable buildings of 19th century England ... It expresses an era of urban revolution as no other surviving building is capable of doing ... The Coal Exchange is a national monument in the fullest sense of the phrase, and its destruction would be unforgivable."
Despite campaigns and protests, it was demolished in November 1962 to make way for a "vital" widening of Lower Thames Street. The demolition of the Coal Exchange was described by author Hermione Hobhouse as "one of the great conservationist horror stories" and its loss has been compared to the demolition of the Adelphi in 1936 and of Euston Arch shortly before, in 1961. The cleared site was then left empty for 10 years while other land was acquired for the road widening scheme.
Cast iron dragons which were mounted on the eaves parapet above the entrance to the Coal Exchange were preserved and were erected as dragon boundary marks in October 1963 in Temple Gardens on Victoria Embankment. Half-sized replicas were erected at the other main entrances to the City, in preference to the more fierce dragon at Temple Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="36742756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742756" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's javelin throw">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Women's javelin throw

The Women's Javelin Throw event at the 1968 Summer Olympics took place on October 154 at the Estadio Olímpico Universitario.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of a single final round. Each athlete is allowed three throws, with the top eight athletes after that point being given three further attempts.

</doc>
<doc id="36742768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742768" title="Hilgendorf's tube-nosed bat">
Hilgendorf's tube-nosed bat

Hilgendorf's Tube-nosed Bat (Murina hilgendorfi) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. In Japan they are called 'tengu komori', after the mythical creature called the Tengu. It was formerly thought to be a subspecies of "Murina leucogaster" (called "Murina leucogaster hilgendorfi"), but is now known to be a distinct species.
Distribution.
Hilgendorf's Tube-nosed Bat is found in China, Russia (Primorye and Sakhalin), Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Korea and Japan (Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, and Kyushu).
Physical description.
Slender faced with tubular nostrils, it has oval ears with a prominent tragus, more than half of the ear in height. Fur is soft and curly dark grey with long, silvery guard hairs. It flies relatively low over the ground and hovers.
Habitat, diet, hunting.
They live in forests, mines, caves and tunnels, and occasionally in buildings. Normally, they live alone or a few together, rather than in large colonies. They are insect eating, living on moths and beetles.
IUCN red list assessment.
In 2008 the IUCN reported: " "It is widespread, but naturally rare species. In Japan it is considered Vulnerable because of loss of old-growth forests, but at present it is not suspected that the species is declining throughout its range at a rate that would warrant listing in a threatened category. However, as logging activity increases, habitat loss may pose an increasingly great threat in the future. Monitoring is needed and the species should be reassessed if new data becomes available." "
Related species.
The Greater tube-nosed bat ("Murina leucogaster") is found in India, China. The smaller, brown coloured bat Ussuri Tube-nosed Bat is found in Korea, Russia (Far East and Sakhalin), and Japan (Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, Tsushima and Yakushima).
References.
Ohdachi, Satoshi D. I; Ishibashi, Yasuyuki; Iwasa, Masahiro A.; Saitoh, Takashi (2009): "The Wild Mammals of Japan", Shoukadoh, Kyoto, ISBN 978-4-87974-626-9 

</doc>
<doc id="36742788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742788" title="Mount Pleasant Daily Tribune">
Mount Pleasant Daily Tribune

Mount Pleasant Daily Tribune is a daily newspaper based in Mount Pleasant, Texas, USA. The paper has been a daily publication since November 1969. 
History.
The paper traces its roots back to a paper called "The Patron", published in 1872 by W. J. Johnson. The paper changed named many times; it was called "The Times Review" in 1883 and consolidated with "The Daily Hustler" in 1924, to form "The Daily Times".
C. E. Palmer and his associates with "The Texarkana Gazette" started a daily paper in 1939 called the "Mount Pleasant Daily News". In 1940, the name was changed to the "Titus County Tribune", and became a weekly publication. 
J. Frank Palmer and his two sons purchased the "Titus County Tribune" in 1941, and in 1972 purchased "The Daily Times", merging the papers into the "Mount Pleasant Daily Tribune". The "Mount Pleasant Tribune" is one of only thirteen family-owned and operated newspapers in Texas today. 

</doc>
<doc id="36742791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742791" title="Caspar Neumann (chemist)">
Caspar Neumann (chemist)

Caspar Neumann (or Neuman) (July 11, 1683 – October 20, 1737) was a German/Polish chemist and apothecary.
Biography.
Birth and Education.
Neumann was born at Zullichau, in the Electorate of Brandenburg, July 11, 1683. He was first educated in music by his father, but being orphaned at age 12, he apprenticed to his godfather, the apothecary, Johannes Romke. Completing his apprenticeship in 1701, he commenced practice at Unruhstadt, or Kargowa, in Poland.
Career.
After three years in Kargowa, he went to Berlin in 1704, working at first at the apothecary shop of Christoph Schmedicke. Soon thereafter he became a traveling apothecary for the king of Prussia, Frederick I, and he continued in this capacity until 1711. At that point, Frederik sent him abroad to learn more about chemistry and pharmacy in a number of European countries.
While in England, in 1713, he learned of the death of his royal patron and of the consequent termination of his patronage. For the next three years, he found work in London with a wealthy and renown Dutch surgeon, Abraham Cyprianus. At this time he became acquainted with several members of the Royal society, including Isaac Newton and Hans Sloane.
In 1716 Neumann return briefly to Germany in the entourage of George I. While there, he returned to Berlin and made connections that ultimately resulted in his appointment as the Royal Court Apothecary, when he completed his European travels in 1719. He held this post for the rest of his life.
In 2009, Alexander Kraft established that it was Caspar Neumann who conveyed the secret formula for preparing the first synthetic pigment, Prussian blue, to the Royal Society in England in 1723.

</doc>
<doc id="36742844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742844" title="Tanda Putera">
Tanda Putera

Tanda Putera (English: Mark of Prince) is a 2013 Malaysian history film directed by Shuhaimi Baba. The film is set to be released in Malaysia on 13 September 2012 but delayed until 29 August 2013 The fictional biographical film about the 2nd prime minister of Malaysia Tun Abdul Razak (Father of current Prime Minister Najib Razak) and his then deputy Tun Dr Ismail set around the time after the 1969 racial riots. It is a Shuhaimi Baba's sequel film to "" in 2007.
Plot.
The film is a fiction loosely based from the Malaysia's historic event occurred within 1969, when the racial tension reach its height. The film portrays the close friendship between the second Malaysian prime minister, Tun Abdul Razak and his deputy, Tun Dr Ismail. They were secretive about their health problems as they had the task of restoring the peace in their country following the events of 13 May 1969. Tun Razak was suffering from leukemia and he had to keep it a secret from his family. They both sought the services of Dr. Macpherson. The reading room of Tun Dr Ismail became a secret clinic for their treatment.
Controversy.
Before the release of the film, the film sparked controversies about the accuracy of its contents of the film after the release of the trailer in relation to the 13 May riots. Opposition lawmakers alleged that the film portrayed the Chinese and the Democratic Action Party (DAP) in a negative light. Further controversy was caused after the film's official Facebook page featured a picture of opposition lawmaker Lim Kit Siang being carried away by a group of uniformed officials with the caption alleging that Lim Kit Siang had urinated on the Selangor flag in the house of former Selangor chief minister Harun Idris. Lim Kit Siang denied the allegation and said that the picture featuring him in the Facebook page was actually taken in Sabah in 1984; while director Shuhaimi Baba denies that Lim Kit Siang is featured in the film. Shuhaimi Baba defended the film saying that it is based on true historical facts and that it is not a propaganda and that the film is mainly about the friendship between Tun Razak and Tun Dr Ismail, while the 13 May incident is merely a backdrop to the film. However Shuhaimi Baba did mention that there is an amount of creative illustration and fictional content added in.
Penang ban, viewing advisory and screening.
On 28 August 2013 The Penang government have send out advisory directive to all cinema operators in the state to not screen the controversial movie Tanda Putera. 
Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng said the movie is scheduled to be screen on 29 August 2013. He claimed that there are slanderous scenes that could provoke racial hatred.
Less than 24 hours after issuing a letter to cinemas in Penang not to screen the Malay movie Tanda Putera, the state government has issued another letter on 29 August 2013 saying they were merely "advised" against screening the controversial movie, not to ban it.
Cinemas in Penang will screen Tanda Putera after all despite complying with the state government's advisory that it should not be shown because of the sensitive nature of the film.Communications and Multimedia Minister Ahmad Shabery Cheek said the movie by will hit cinemas in Penang starting 31 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36742854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742854" title="Milford Wayne Donaldson">
Milford Wayne Donaldson

Milford Wayne Donaldson, (born in August 13, 1943) is a well-regarded preservation architect. He presently serves as the Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation. Originally appointed to the position in 2010, President Barack Obama reappointed him in August 2013 for another four year term. Formerly the State Historic Preservation Officer of California, Donaldson has been practicing preservation architecture for over 35 years. 
Early life and family.
Donaldson was born in August 13, 1943 at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune to Milford "Don" Donaldson, a U.S. Navy corpsman and Jean Donaldson, a Navy nurse. Immediately after his birth Donaldson's parents were ordered to Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. The Donaldsons lived in a Quonset hut on base for three years before moving to Oceanside, California, in San Diego County, where Wayne grew up with his younger brother, Robert "Bob" Calvin Donaldson. By 1950 Wayne Donaldson knew he would be an architect.
Education.
After high school Donaldson earned his Bachelors of Architecture from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, California, in 1967; a Master of Science in Architecture from the University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, Scotland, and a Master of Arts in Public History and Teaching from the University of San Diego. From 1966 to 1968 he attended undergraduate studies at Uppsala University in Sweden.
In 2007 Donaldson received an honorary Masters of Architecture from the New School of Architecture in San Diego, which in 1980, he founded with Dick Welsh.
Professional career.
Donaldson architectural knowledge unites nineteenth century building methods with state-of-the-art twenty-first century construction technologies.
Licensed to practice architecture in California, Nevada and Arizona, Donaldson began his professional career as an associate for the San Diego architectural firm of Robert Mosher and Roy Drew, "Architects Mosher Drew Watson", from 1972 to 1978. He and his first wife Nancy founded his own firm, "Architect Milford Wayne Donaldson, FAIA" (Fellow of the American Institute of Architects) in 1978, specializing in historic preservation and renovation and adaptive reuse of existing structures. In 2004 before his appointment as California State Historic Preservation Officer (SHPO), Donaldson renamed and sold his firm "Heritage Architecture & Planning" which is still located in San Diego. The same year Donaldson began and incorporated a new architectural firm, "Architect Milford Wayne Donaldson, FAIA, Inc., A Professional Corporation", which is also still an active corporation.
In 1991, the California Council of the American Institute of Architects (CCAIA) acknowledged Donaldson for his statewide leadership in the interpretation of the State Historical Building Code which allowed the rehabilitation of historic buildings for affordable single room occupancy hotels. In 1992, Donaldson was inducted into the AIA College of Fellows. Later, following the 1992 Cape Mendocino earthquakes and 1994 Northridge Earthquake, Mr. Donaldson lent his expertise to save historic buildings from unwarranted demolition. His efforts continue today as a 'Trainer in Emergency Response' for the California Emergency Management Agency (CalEMA) Service Worker Volunteer Program.
Donaldson has also instructed classes in architecture, first at his alma mater from 1969 to 1970, and later at Southwestern Community College from 1976 to 1984. Donaldson continues to lecture on preservation architecture at various schools, colleges and universities.
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.
In June 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Donaldson to be Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (ACHP), the independent agency that works with federal, state, local, and tribal governments to address the requirements of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 (NHPA), which mandates consideration of historic preservation values when planning development, and is also the primary policy adviser to the President and Congress on historic preservation issues. In August of 2013 Donaldson was reappointed Chairman of the ACHP by President Barack Obama. 
California Office of Historic Preservation.
Donaldson served as California’s State Historic Preservation Officer (SHPO) from April 2004 until his retirement in September 2012. The first architect to serve as a California SHPO, Donaldson was appointed by the governor in April 2004. The SHPO serves as chief administrative officer of the California Office of Historic Preservation (OHP) in Sacramento and also as Executive Secretary of the State Historical Resources Commission (SHRC). Meeting four times a year, the SHRC is a nine-member state review board, appointed by the governor, responsible for identifying, registering, and preserving California’s cultural heritage.
Throughout his tenure at OHP, Donaldson took an initiative and moved forward to develop and maintain a working partnership with California's Indian tribes at both state and federal levels. Since all three, SHPO, Tribal Historic Preservation Officer (THPO), and Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (ACHP) share a responsibility to be active at the local, state and federal level it is important that all three work together towards the same goals - preserving those traditional cultural values important to Indian country. In 2011 Donaldson began the process to include the National Association of Tribal Historic Preservation Officers (NATHPO) as voting members of the ACHP which gives then the same voting rights as the SHPOs.(http://ohp.parks.ca.gov/pages/1054/files/winter11.pdf)
In addition to his other duties as SHPO, Donaldson drove several preservation projects he felt a personal connection with. He first discussed Trestles Surf Break at San Onofre State Beach in his article "Wipeout at San O." The article brought to light serious impacts on a traditional cultural property should proper project mitigation not be in place when highway construction began. Trestles is in process to be nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places.
During Donaldson's tenure other notable designations were made. In January 2010, under his leadership, the SHRC designated the objects left behind at the Apollo 11 Moon Landing Site, to the California Register of Historic Resources.
Affiliations.
Donaldson has been associated with other historical preservation organizations: the National Trust for Historic Preservation, California Historic State Capitol Commission, US/ICOMOS. Donaldson is a former president of the California Preservation Foundation; "a nonprofit dedicated to the preservation of California’s diverse cultural and architectural heritage," and also chaired the California State Historical Building Safety Board (SHBSB). In 1985, while serving with the SHBSB, Donaldson visited Mexico City after its devastating earthquake and has continued to develop unique seismic strengthening retrofit methods for historic buildings, specializing in adobe, sod, earthen and stone structures.
Personal.
In December 2004, Donaldson restored and relocated a Futuro, a flying saucer-shaped home built in the 1960s. He had the 10,000-pound Futuro transported from the westernmost part of San Diego up to the top of the San Jacinto Mountains. Placed on a mountain top by a large crane Donaldson's Futuro was designed by Finnish architect Matti Suuronen and is representative of a time period when use of plastics was expanding and portable inexpensive housing development was on the rise. "The Futuro House," Donaldson says, "is the first structural plastic house." The Futuro housing concept did not catch on, but is now an important part of 20th century architectural history.
Donaldson and his second wife, Laurie, live in Sacramento in a signature Dreyfuss & Blackford Architects 1963 mid-rise condominium. Their family includes one daughter, Erica Lynn Donaldson and two sons, Jaret Blankenship and Nevin Blankenship. Donaldson is a registered Democrat.
External links.
"Architect Honored for Preservation" (by Dirk Sutro, "Los Angeles Times", 03/26/1992)
"Close Encounter" (by Ann Jarmusch, "San Diego Union Tribune", 01/02/2005)
"Falling for Futuro" (by Dave Weinstein, "The Eichler Network: California Modern")
"To California, Moon Junk Is State Treasure" (by Jesse McKinley, "New York Times", 01/29/2010)

</doc>
<doc id="36742856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742856" title="Rotimi">
Rotimi

Olurotimi Akinosho (born November 30, 1988), better known by his stage name, Rotimi, is a singer-songwriter, actor and model. From 2011 to 2012 he starred as Darius Morrison on the Starz Network original drama series "Boss". Rotimi is also the founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of FrontRoSeat Productions.
Early life and education.
Rotimi was born on November 30, 1988, in Maplewood, New Jersey to Nigerian parents, and attended Columbia High School, where he was a standout on both the varsity basketball team and the honors choir, before continuing his studies at Northwestern University, graduating with Communications a minor in Business in 2010.
Career.
Acting.
Rotimi is known for his work on the Starz network series "Boss" as drug dealer Darius Morrison. Rotimi also appeared on the CBS pilot episode, “Cooper & Stone.”(2011). He also appeared in 3 reoccurring episodes in ABC's Betrayal (2013).
Rotimi made his silver screen debut in film “Black Nativity” (2014) in November. Following this, he starred in "Imperial Dreams" at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival which later won for "Best of NEXT".
Rotimi also appeared in the high grossing film, “Divergent”. (2014).
Rotimi made a guest appearance on the season finale of VH1's reality show.
He also appeared in R&B singer Keyshia Cole's music video Trust and Believe as Cole's unfaithful boyfriend.
Music.
A contemporary R&B artist, Rotimi released two digital mixtapes, titled "The Resume" (March 8, 2011), and "While You Wait" (November 30, 2011). His videos have been featured on international and U.S. based entertainment media including MTV, VH1 Soul and MTV Base.
Rotimi has performed on stage, opening for Jennifer Hudson, T.I., Estelle and NERD, as well as performing on BET’s show 106 and Park Rotimi garnered music placement with “I’m the One” on the first episode of “Boss”.
Fashion.
Rotimi is the lead model/spokesperson of rapper T.I.’s AKOO Clothing 2012 Spring/Summer campaign, April 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36742857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742857" title="Brabag">
Brabag

Brabag was a German firm, planned in 1933 and operating from 1934 until 1945, that distilled synthetic aviation fuel, diesel fuel, gasoline, lubricants, and paraffin wax from lignite. It was an industrial cartel firm closely supervised by the Nazi regime; while it operated, it produced commodities vital to the German military forces before and during World War II. After substantial damage from strategic bombing, the firm and its remaining assets were dissolved at the end of the war.
History.
Brabag, sometimes called 'BRABAG', is a portmanteau acronym () denoting the firm's chief inputs and outputs: brown coal (lignite) and gasoline ('benzine').
Upon the ramp-up of the Nazi program of industrial autarky that marked the approach of war, Berlin saw that one of its weakest points was the almost complete absence of crude oil production within German borders; this insight coincided with the emergence in both Hitler's Chancellery and the General Staff of a belief in a blitzkrieg war-fighting strategy that centered on Panzer warfare, buttressed by warplanes carrying out tactical air support. This strategy needed synthetic petroleum products.
Berlin therefore in October 1934 ordered the German chemical conglomerate I.G. Farben to join with a cartel of lignite mineowners and other firms to invest 100.0 million Reichsmarks as an initial tranche of venture capital; these funds were used to set up a new firm, Brabag. The new firm was ordered to distill gasoline and other synthetic petroleum products, of which Germany had very little, from lignite, of which the Germans had an ample supply. Chemists had invented the Bergius process and the Fischer-Tropsch process to accomplish this goal. 
Soon plants were built. In 1937, for example, Brabag completed the Brabag II facility in Ruhland-Schwarlheide (the 4th Nazi Germany Fischer-Tropsch plant) to produce gasoline and diesel fuel from lignite coal. 
Slave labor.
As Germany deepened its commitment to World War II, Brabag's plants became vital elements of the war effort. Like other strategic firms under the Nazi regime, Brabag was assigned a significant quota of forced labor of conscripts from the occupied nations. One estimate counts 13,000 Nazi concentration camp laborers working for Brabag. Brabag plants were a target of the Oil Campaign of World War II. Production of synthetic petroleum products had been severely damaged by the end of the war in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36742864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742864" title="Cyclone Japhet">
Cyclone Japhet

Cyclone Japhet was a damaging tropical cyclone that affected southeast Africa in March 2003. It developed on February 25 near the southwest coast of Madagascar, and initially moved to the northwest before turning to the southwest. With favorable conditions for development, Japhet quickly intensified in the Mozambique Channel, reaching maximum winds of 175 km/h (110 mph), sustained over 10 minutes. After stalling briefly, the cyclone turned to the northwest, weakening slightly before striking Mozambique just south of Vilankulo on March 2. Japhet slowly weakened while progressing inland, dissipating over Zambia on March 6.
Along its path, Japhet dropped heavy rainfall that caused widespread river flooding. The rains occurred after an extended drought, although excessive precipitation caused heavy crop damage, notably around where the storm moved ashore. In two provinces in Mozambique, the cyclone damaged or destroyed 25,000 houses, leaving at least 23,000 people homeless. Flooding in Zambia caused rivers to rise in Mozambique several days after the storm's passage. There were 17 deaths in Mozambique. Further inland, remnant rainfall destroyed a bridge and several houses in Zimbabwe, killing eight people.
Meteorological history.
On February 23, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) began monitoring an area of convection in the Mozambique Channel. On February 25, Météo France (MF) initiated advisories on Tropical Disturbance 13 when the system was located along the southwest coast of Madagascar. Later that day, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert, noting that environmental conditions favored development, including weak wind shear. The system developed organized convection in a circular pattern, and on February 26, the MF and JTWC upgraded the system to Tropical Depression 13 and Tropical Cyclone 19S, respectively. With a mid-level ridge to the south, the depression moved generally westward, and after intensifying further, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Japhet by the Direction de la Météorologie et de l'Hydrologie of Madagascar late on February 26.
After attaining tropical storm status, Japhet quickly intensified while it began moving to the southwest, due to a break in the ridge. At 0000 UTC on February 28, the MF assessed that the storm strengthened into a tropical cyclone – a storm with 10 minute sustained winds of 120 km/h (75 mph). This was about 12 hours after the JTWC upgraded Japhet to the same intensity but with 1 minute sustained winds. About 18 hours after designating Japhet as a tropical cyclone, MF estimated the storm attained 10 minute sustained winds of 165 km/h (105 mph) and upgraded the storm to an intense tropical cyclone; this made Japhet only the sixth such cyclone in the Mozambique Channel in 24 years. After further intensification, the cyclone peaked in intensity on March 1. The JTWC estimated 1 minute sustained winds of 215 km/h (135 mph) with gusts to 260 km/h (160 mph), while MF estimated 10 minute sustained winds of 175 km/h (110 mph). 
Cyclone Japhet maintained its peak winds for about 24 hours, during which it remained nearly stationary. Subsequently, the storm began a northwest track toward the Mozambique coast, gradually weakening due to decreased outflow and dry air. At about 1700 UTC on March 2, Japhet made landfall just south of Vilankulo, Mozambique, with winds of 160 km/h (100 mph) as estimated by the JTWC. The cyclone gradually weakened over land, decreasing below tropical cyclone status by early on March 3. Japhet crossed into southern Zimbabwe, and both JTWC and MF discontinued warnings before Japhet dissipated on March 5.
Impact and aftermath.
While Japhet was developing, the pressure gradient between it and a ridge produced winds of 93 km/h (58 mph) on Europa Island in the Mozambique Channel. Heavy rains affected southwestern Madagascar, but there was no major damage.
Before Japhet struck Mozambique, the local Red Cross office mobilized volunteers, including 100 people in Inhambane Province who assisted local officials in preparations. The cyclone affected the same region that Cyclone Delfina struck two months prior. Japhet produced high winds and heavy rainfall in southern and central Mozambique into southern Zimbabwe. The rains were beneficial in alleviating drought conditions, and dry grounds absorbed much of the excess rainfall. After entering Zimbabwe, Japhet's rainfall caused the Save River to rise, causing flooding in southern Mozambique several days after the storm passed the area. The resulting floods affected 50,000 people in several villages. The Limpopo River also rose to above-normal level. High rains also caused some crop damage, destroying 237,000 hectares (585,600 acres) of crop fields. This included 12,325 downed cashew trees, 6,955 wrecked banana plants, and 2,495 killed livestock, all in Vilankulo; however, the rains allowed farming conditions to improve due to wetter conditions in drought areas. 
Before Japhet moved ashore, Vilankulo reported sustained winds of 74 km/h (46 mph), with gusts to 105 km/h (66 mph). There, the winds destroyed the roofs or damaged the doors and windows of 95% of brick houses. In Inhambane Province in southern Mozambique, the cyclone destroyed several boats, cut power lines, and disrupted roads with flooding or downed trees, which prevented communication with the province. The storm destroyed 500 classrooms, 35 government buildings, and 7 health facilities. The cyclone damaged or destroyed 25,000 houses in Inhambane and Sofala provinces, leaving about 23,000 people homeless in Inhambane alone, which was the worst-affected province. Three people were injured in Morrumbene by a fallen tree. There were 17 deaths in the country, which was less than from previous cyclones due to advanced warning and coordinated government action.
The Zambia Meteorological Department warned of the potential of intense precipitation before Japhet moved into the region. In neighboring Zimbabwe, ten hours of high rainfall nearly overtopped the Manyuchi Dam and destroyed a bridge. The storm also damaged crops and destroyed houses in the country, killing eight people.
After the storm struck Mozambique, the World Food Programme distributed more than 4,300 tons of food to affected citizens. The agency had to transport goods via helicopter due to damaged or flooded roads. The country's primary north-south highway, which was damaged by the storm, had emergency repairs and was reopened within three days. Mozambique's National Disaster Management Institute distributed 70 tonnes of maize, 8 tonnes of beans, and 80 tents to storm victims. Lingering floods in Zimbabwe contributed to an increase in malaria cases. The Delta Corporation donated $6 million worth of blankets and food to residents in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36742866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742866" title="San Gabriel, Texas">
San Gabriel, Texas

San Gabriel, Texas is a town located in northwest Milam County, Texas approximately 10 miles north of Thorndale on Ranch Road 486, or about 50 miles northeast of the Austin metropolitan area. San Gabriel's latitude is 30.694 North by longitude -97.196 West and has an elevation of 417 feet above sea level. San Gabriel appears on the San Gabriel U.S. Geological Survey Map and is in the Central Time Zone (UTC/GMT -6 hours - UTC/GMT -5 hours during Daylight Savings Time).
San Gabriel is named after the San Gabriel River in Central Texas. San Gabriel is located about 30 miles downstream from the site of the Battle of the San Gabriels in 1839, a battle fought during the Texas-Indian Wars that followed the Texas Republic's successful Revolution after the suspension of the 1824 Constitution of the United States of Mexico in favor of a centralist oriented constitution that led to the dictatorship of President Antonio López de Santa Anna. 
Several Spanish missions were established near the site in an effort to Christianize the Indian tribes living in the area, but these projects were abandoned by the mid-1750s. The mission buildings soon fell into ruin, and by the end of the 19th century little trace of them remained. The town of San Gabriel was formally established in 1843 or 1844, when Jesse and Peter Mercer built cabins on the San Gabriel River. The community was granted a post office in 1850. By the mid-1880s San Gabriel had a steam gristmill-cotton gin, a church, two schools, and 130 residents. Cotton, corn, and oats were the principal crops grown by area farmers. Population estimates for San Gabriel ranged from a low of twenty-five in 1890 to a high of 350 in 1929. The number of residents fell to 200 by the early 1940s, and to seventy-five by the late 1950s. San Gabriel served as the center of a common-school district until 1960, when the school was consolidated with the nearby and academically well respected Thorndale Independent School District. The San Gabriel post office was discontinued in the late 1960s. Two churches, a business, and a community hall were in the 1980s. The population in 1990 was 100. The population remained the same in the 2000 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="36742868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742868" title="Orange (database management and monitoring software)">
Orange (database management and monitoring software)

Orange is a database management and monitoring tool manufactured by WareValley. Orange was first released in December 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36742874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742874" title="Oh What a Night (Elle Varner song)">
Oh What a Night (Elle Varner song)

"Oh What a Night" is a song recorded by American recording artist Elle Varner and is the fourth single from her debut album, "Perfectly Imperfect" (2012). It was written by Varner and Al "Shux" Shuckburgh. The song talks about night that is unforgettable but yet Elle can't remember what happened because she was so far gone from drinking. In the song she also says the lyrics "Woke up in the morning can't find my truck" which was a real life event, She took her manager Jeff Robinson's "Navi" she says in an interview and forgot where she parked it. Al "Shux" Shuckburgh is the producer/writer of the song, he is responsible for the hit number one song "Empire State of Mind" performed by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="36742875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742875" title="DeSoto Square">
DeSoto Square

DeSoto Square is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bradenton, Florida. It was built in 1973 and features JCPenney, Sears and Macy's.
History.
The center was built by Edward J. DeBartolo, Sr. in 1973. It was originally to be called Bradenton Mall, but the name was determined unacceptable by city officials because the mall was not located within city limits. At the time, the mall included Sears, J.C. Penney and Maas Brothers as its anchor stores. Belk-Lindsey was added as a fourth anchor in 1979, after having been evicted from a nearby store at Cortez Plaza.
Burdines expressed interest in opening a store at DeSoto Square as early as 1979, but it did not join the mall until taking over the former Maas Brothers in 1991. A year later, Belk sold its store in the mall to Dillard's. Old Navy was added in 2000. The Burdines became Burdines-Macy's in 2003, then just Macy's in 2005.
Several stores closed in 2009 due to the declining economy, including Old Navy, Foot Locker, Waldenbooks and the Dillard's anchor. The Old Navy space became a family entertainment center called Saturn 5 in 2010.
In May 2012, Simon Property Group (which bought out DeBartolo in 1996) announced plans to sell the mall. In November of that year, Mason Asset Management acquired the mall for $25 million.

</doc>
<doc id="36742882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742882" title="Red imported fire ants in the United States">
Red imported fire ants in the United States

The red imported fire ant ("Solenopsis invicta"), or simply RIFA, is one of over 280 species in the widespread genus "Solenopsis". It is native to South America but it has become both a pest and a health hazard in the southern United States as well as a number of other countries.
Introduction.
In the 1930s, colonies were accidentally introduced into the United States through the seaport of Mobile, Alabama. Despite earlier views that cargo ships from Brazil docking at Mobile unloaded goods infested with the ants, recent DNA research confirmed that the likely source population for all invasive S. invicta in the USA occurs at or near Formosa, Argentina, and virtually every analysis ruled out all sampled Brazilian populations as a potential source. Biologist E.O. Wilson says that he reported the first colony, in the Mobile area, when he was 13. The ants then spread from Alabama to almost every state of the American South, from Texas to Maryland and a few other Mid-Atlantic states. Since the 1990s infestations have been reported in New Mexico and parts of Arizona in the Southwest. They have also been reported in California in the West, but probably arrived via ship or truck rather than by spreading. In a similar way, the ants were accidentally introduced into Australia in 2001.
Spread.
In the United States, RIFAs have gradually spread north and west despite intense efforts to stop or eliminate them. in the United States they were found in most of the southern states: Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia. The U.S. Department of Agriculture also lists the entire island of Puerto Rico as infested.
RIFAs were still on the move in the US in the early 21st century, often traveling from one area to another in turf, root balls of nursery plants, and other agricultural products. They could be controlled, but not eradicated. A number of products are available, which can be used on a mound-by-mound basis to destroy ant colonies when they appear. With all such efforts, it is important to reach and kill the queens, which may be as far as six feet (2 m) underground; otherwise, some queens may simply move a short distance away and quickly re-establish the colony. However, during the past few years, even this technique resulted in failure to control colony growth. Scientists then discovered that an adaptation in RIFAs had resulted in many populations having multiple queens in mounds over a large area.
Economic impact.
The RIFA's introduction to the United States was in the late 1930s. Traveling in soil used as ballast on cargo ships, they came in through the seaport of Mobile, Alabama. They build mounds, usually no larger than 46 cm (18 in) in diameter and in height, although in Alabama some mounds have been reported to be over 60 cm high (2 ft) and larger, especially in fields where cattle graze. They build on soil close to homes and other buildings, and sometimes forage indoors for food and moisture. They are a nuisance, and can threaten sleeping or bedridden individuals and pets. Occasionally, they feed on vegetable plants in home gardens. The worst damage usually occurs during hot, dry weather, when they invade flower beds while seeking warmth and moisture. If disturbed, fire ants bite and sting the intruder.
They are apparently attracted to electrical equipment, and crawl into air conditioning units and the electrical wiring of stop lights, shorting them out. This is the leading cause of traffic light shorts in Texas, where the ants cause more than US$140 million in damage each year. Several ant species, including fire ants, have been shown to contain ferromagnetic nanoparticles that may contribute information about the geomagnetic field for orientation during foraging or migration. However, it has not been found that electric or magnetic fields attract the ants. Rather, when wandering ants cause electrical shorts, they attempt to sting the wire and produce powerful semiochemicals, including defensive and recruitment pheromones. The chemical signals draw additional ants to the short. The only effective protection is to bar ants from the equipment physically or with insecticides.
The FDA estimates more than US$5 billion is spent annually on medical treatment, damage, and control in RIFA-infested areas. Further, the ants cause approximately US$750 million in damage to agricultural assets, including veterinary bills and livestock loss, as well as crop loss.

</doc>
<doc id="36742883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742883" title="James Morrow House">
James Morrow House

The James Morrow House is a historic farmhouse in Newark, Delaware. It was built in the late 1860s by James Morrow, an Irish immigrant who owned a store in Wilmington. The building is locally significant for its unusual architecture, which features both a gambrel roof and a raised basement. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The house has one and a half stories on top of a partially above-ground basement. The facade is symmetrical, with two bays on either side of a flat-roofed porch. The exterior walls are stuccoed with green trim and large sash windows. The house has an asphalt-shingled gambrel roof with bracketed cornices and three gable dormer windows on each side.
The Morrow House originally stood along with a number of outbuildings on a 24-acre parcel of farmland. In 2008, after being empty for a number of years, the house was cut off at the foundation and moved some to the west in order to clear the site for new development. The owners of the building planned to renovate it and convert it into office space; however as of 2012 the house remains vacant.

</doc>
<doc id="36742885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742885" title="2012 Falken Tasmania Challenge">
2012 Falken Tasmania Challenge

The 2012 Falken Tasmania Challenge was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars. It was the second event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 30 March–1 April at the Symmons Plains Raceway, near Launceston, Tasmania.
Race 3 of the championship was won by Victorian Ford driver Will Davison from Ford Performance Racing. Race 4, held the following day was won by fellow Victorian, Jamie Whincup driving a Holden for Triple Eight Race Engineering. Davison's third place in race four made him the leading performer of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36742887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742887" title="Panther Lake Camping Resort">
Panther Lake Camping Resort

Panther Lake Camping Resort is a camping resort in Northern New Jersey. The resort has a 45-acre lake on 160 acres. Panther Lake Campground is 50 miles away from New York City. Panther Lake offer four options cabins, trailers, people who tent and RV's. Panther Lake Camping Resort has a beach right on the lake, and also has a pool and a hot tub. Guests are allowed to boat, fish, swim, and hike kayak and canoe. The park offers tennis courts, a basketball court, miniature golf course, horseshoes, shuffleboard, and a playground. They provide free cable TV and Wifi at the pavilion. Most weekends there are planned events in the pavilion. They also have a camp store. Panther Lake allow campfires between 12:30 a.m. and 8:00 a.m. The speed limit within the campground is 10 MPH.

</doc>
<doc id="36742907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742907" title="Queensland Agricultural Journal">
Queensland Agricultural Journal

The Queensland Agricultural Journal was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Queensland Department of Primary Industries (formerly the Department of Agriculture and Stock). It was established in 1897, with William Alexander Jenyns Boyd as the founding editor-in-chief until 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="36742908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742908" title="Cemetery of the 366 Fossae, Naples">
Cemetery of the 366 Fossae, Naples

The Cemetery of the 366 Fossae ("Cimitero delle 366 Fosse") or "Cimitero di Santa Maria del Popolo" or "Cimitero dei Tredici" was built in 1762, and is located on a terrace of a hill overlooking the Poggioreale neighborhood of Naples, Italy. It is near the monumental Cemetery of Poggioreale. The architect was the Florentine Ferdinando Fuga.
History.
The goal of the cemetery was to systematize the burial of the poor; those who died in Neapolitan orphanages, poorhouses such as the nearby "Albergo dei Poveri" (built in 1751 also by Fuga), and hospitals such as the "Ospedale degli Incurabili". The rationale was intended to reconcile a mathematical logic with a pious compassion for the underclass. Confronted with the increasingly crowded city of Naples, as destitute peasants from the countryside moved into the city, the authorities had to find ways not only to house the masses alive, but also in proper Christian burial. Prior to the construction of this complex, the masses of dead were often buried in haphazard pits in rural or suburban areas of the capital. Thus some impetus for the project came from the desire to create efficiency in the disposal of corpses.
Fuga, under the regency of Ferdinand IV, designed this cemetery; it consists of a large square yard surrounded by high walls. Under the surface of the yard are 360 adjacent brick receptacles (4 meters square), seven meters deep (with a grate set two meters from the bottom), rectangular with an arched ceiling that opens at the surface to a narrow central square portal stone, 80 cm to each side, marked with a number from 1 to 360. The vaults are arrayed in such that each number corresponded to a specific day of the year, starting with January 1st as number one. Six more tombstones are inside the entrance building. The central spot is empty, and the vaults were arrayed in 19 rows and 19 columns. The numbers ascend from left to right in the first row, then right to left and so on. Thus each day corpses were deposited in the adjacent vault. One vault was reserved for the extra day of the leap year. On average, twenty five persons were deposited in a vault each day. In 1794, after an earthquake, the numerous dead were buried in the less used leap year vault. The cemetery functioned from 1762 till 1890. It is presently in a semi-decrepit state. Based on calculations, it was likely the site for the burial of well over one hundred thousand persons.
An iron winch is still on the premises, and is said to have assisted with lowering corpses. Prior to the invention of this machine in 1875, the corpses were unceremoniously dumped into the pits.
The entrance with a skull and crossbones in the tympanum has a plaque announcing in Latin that, "The just and liberal king Ferdinand IV, of the kingdom of the two Sicilies built this common cemetery divided into individual cells for his beloved populace, in order to avoid the congestion of cadavers and their odors from harming his people, and to provide proper burial."
Ultimately, a morbid fascination with catacombs (such as the Catacombs of San Gennaro and San Gaudioso) and the dead such as the skulls of Fontanelle cemetery, is not alien to the ultra-pious Catholicism of Naples. In this cemetery, that medieval religious requirement for proper burial encounters the rationalistic momentum of the Age of Enlightenment.

</doc>
<doc id="36742910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742910" title="Lucius Tarius Rufus">
Lucius Tarius Rufus

Lucius Tarius Rufus (died 1st century AD) was a Roman politician and military officer who was elected suffect consul in 16 BC.
Biography.
A Novus homo of obscure birth, and possibly hailing from Dalmatia, Tarius Rufus was by profession a sailor. He first came to notice as one of the admirals who fought under Augustus at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC. He engaged a squadron of ships led by Gaius Sosius prior to the actual battle, but was driven back by Sosius until Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa arrived with reinforcements.
Tarius Rufus was later appointed Propraetoreal governor of Macedonia from around 18 BC to 16 BC. During this time he fought off a raid by the Sarmatians, and he may have also conquered the Scordisci during his time as governor. As a reward for his military service, Augustus appointed Tarius Rufus suffect consul on July 1, 16 BC, replacing Publius Cornelius Scipio when Augustus was forced to leave Rome to travel to Gaul. During his term as consul, he altered the imagery and text of the Roman coins to greatly amplify the prestige and paramount importance of the Princeps in the form of Augustus.
As an elderly senator, Tarius Rufus was appointed "curator aquarum" (or officer in charge of the aqueducts) from AD 23–24.
An "amicus" of both Augustus and Tiberius, the emperor Augustus bestowed on him a great deal of wealth, which he used to purchase large parcels of land in Picenum. Although noted for his stinginess, he spent 100 million Sesterces to buy up the land in an attempt to enhance his social standing, only to have his heir refuse to accept the estate after Tarius Rufus’ death. Tarius Rufus also brought charges of attempted parricide against one of his sons who was after his father’s money. He held a "consilium", and invited the emperor Augustus to attend. He found his son guilty and exiled him to Massilia, and Augustus declared that he would not accept any inheritance or bequest from Tarius Rufus.

</doc>
<doc id="36742916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742916" title="Sleep restriction">
Sleep restriction

Sleep restriction is a method of curing insomnia by limiting time in bed to a certain range of hours equal in length to the person's total daily sleeping time, to train the body to release sleep hormones at bedtime. "Sleep restriction" may also refer to partial sleep deprivation.
Sleep Restriction theory is based on the idea that you can retrain your body to sleep again, if your body has learned how to get along with little sleep.
STEP ONE: Make sure you are off sleeping pills.
STEP TWO: Find your minimum sleep threshold. Most people can get a little bit of sleep each night, even if it is only for a couple of hours.
STEP THREE: Only sleep for that amount of time, even if you can sleep more. Subtract the time you are able to sleep from the time you usually wake up or want to get up and set this as your bedtime. For example, if you minimum sleep threshold is two hours and you want to wake up at 6:00 am, then stay awake until 4:00 am.
STEP FOUR: Use specialized bright light to reinforce your new wake schedule. Bright light is the most powerful regulator of the sleep wake cycle. To reset a normal sleep pattern, use light for about one half hour when awakening.
STEP FIVE: Gradually increase minimum sleep threshold. Add fifteen minutes of sleep per night until you start having trouble sleeping again. For example, you go to sleep at 4:00 on night one, and get up at 6:00 am. On night two, you go to sleep at 3:45 am and get up again at 6:00 am. Make sure to keep the same waking schedule. If, for example, you are at night six and start having trouble sleeping, go back to where you are able to sleep solid and stay there for a few days before adding more time.
STEP SIX: Don't nap. Napping disrupts circadian rhythm and hurts your ability to sleep again when you need to. Napping during the day teaches your body to sleep when you shouldn't.
Restricting sleep has a variety of negative effects on a person's cognitive performance and their behavioral alertness. There have also been reports of wakeful sleeping where a person will spontaneous fall asleep for 0.5 seconds up to 10 seconds without remembering that they were asleep at all. Self-reports of participants of sleep restriction indicate that it can also affect a person's mood and alertness. On top of neurobehavioral deficits, the restriction of sleep in a clinical setting also has numerous physiological consequences. Decreased sleep has lead to obesity, a decrease in immune responses, alterations in endocrine responses (which regulate the body's internal systems), and increases the likelihood of a variety of cardiovascular disorders. Overall, numerous researchers conclude that "experimentally induced chronic sleep restriction results in several adverse physiological consequences." 

</doc>
<doc id="36742923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742923" title="Michael Jones, Lord Jones">
Michael Jones, Lord Jones

Michael Scott Jones, Lord Jones (born 1948 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish Senator of the College of Justice.
Jones was called to the bar in Scotland in 1977 and in England and Wales in 1987. He was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 1989. He served as standing counsel to the Scottish Department of Trade and as an Advocate Depute. From 2008 he was Senior Partner for the law firm Simpson & Marwick and head of its Dispute Resolution Department and its Advocacy Unit.
In 1997, Jones was appointed part-time Chairman of the Police Appeals Tribunal and became an Ordinary Judge of Appeal in Jersey and in Guernsey in 2005. On 1 June 2012, it was announced he had been appointed a Senator of the College of Justice, and he took up the post on 11 July 2012. Jones is the Honorary President of the mooting society at the University of Dundee School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="36742934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742934" title="Florida State Road 684">
Florida State Road 684

State Road 684 (SR 684) is a state road located in Manatee County, Florida. The road runs from an intersection with SR 789 in Bradenton Beach east to U.S. Route 41 (US 41) and unsigned SR 55 in South Bradenton. SR 684 is known as Cortez Road its entire length and varies from a two-lane road between Bradenton Beach and Cortez to a four- to six-lane road east of Cortez. The easternmost portion of SR 684 is concurrent with US 41 and is unsigned.
Route description.
SR 684 begins at an intersection with SR 789 on the Gulf of Mexico in Bradenton Beach, heading east on two-lane undivided Cortez Road West. The road passes resort development before crossing Sarasota Pass on a drawbridge. At this point, the state road heads into Cortez and gains a center left-turn lane, passing residential development. SR 684 curves southeast and becomes a four-lane divided highway, passing through wooded areas with some trailer parks to the south, with the median turning into a center left-turn lane. The road heads to the east again and continues through residential areas. The state road gains a median again and continues between homes and businesses to the north and fields to the south. SR 684 heads into Bradenton and heads east through residential and commercial development as a four-lane divided highway. The road widens to six lanes as it continues through business areas and comes to an intersection with US 41/US 41 Bus./SR 45 in South Bradenton. At this intersection, US 41 heads south on unsigned SR 45 while US 41 Bus. heads north on unsigned SR 45. It is here that SR 684 signage ends and that US 41 turns east to form a concurrency with the unsigned SR 684, with US 41/SR 684 continuing east on Cortez Road West. The road passes through more commercial areas, heading to the south of the DeSoto Square shopping mall. After passing the mall, US 41 curves north to follow unsigned SR 55 on 1st Street, while SR 684 briefly follows 44th Street East eastbound and 44th Street Connector westbound before ending. The road continues east as locally-maintained 44th Avenue East.

</doc>
<doc id="36742945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742945" title="Battle of La Bisbal">
Battle of La Bisbal

In the Battle of La Bisbal on 14 September 1810 a Spanish division led by Henry O'Donnell (also known as Enrique José O'Donnell) and supported by an Anglo-Spanish naval squadron led by Francis William Fane and Charles William Doyle surprised an Imperial French brigade commanded by François Xavier de Schwarz. The Imperial troops were from the Confederation of the Rhine, a collection of small German states that were allied to Napoleon. Part of a division led by Marie François Rouyer, Schwarz's brigade was almost completely wiped out, most of its soldiers being taken prisoner along with its commander. One of the few Allied casualties was the capable O'Donnell, wounded in the foot. The battle occurred during the Peninsular War, part of the Napoleonic Wars. 
The action occurred amid the events leading up to the Siege of Tortosa in December 1810 and January 1811. As Louis Gabriel Suchet prepared to attack Tortosa, Marshal Jacques MacDonald was ordered to support him. The marshal cooperated by advancing into southern Catalonia with a large force. To distract MacDonald from his mission, O'Donnell determined to raid northern Catalonia. The raid was a brilliant tactical success but it failed to deter the marshal from assisting Suchet. Finally, a logistical crisis forced MacDonald to withdraw to northern Catalonia.
Background.
In June 1810, Marshal Pierre Augereau was replaced in command of VII Corps by Marshal Jacques MacDonald. Orders soon came from Paris. MacDonald was instructed to drive toward Tarragona while his colleague General of Division Louis Gabriel Suchet was to lead the III Corps to capture Tortosa. Suchet's corps had successfully concluded the Siege of Lerida on 13 May and the Siege of Mequinenza on 5 June.
Located on the Ebro River, Tortosa lay on the main highway between the provinces of Catalonia and Valencia. By seizing the city, Napoleon hoped to sever the link between the two areas. Before Suchet could implement the plan, he was compelled to return to Aragon to suppress the guerillas. MacDonald also had difficulties. He first needed to restock his empty depots with supplies from France. It was August before either commander was ready to carry out their emperor's strategy.
MacDonald marched his field army of 16,000 troops south to support Suchet's operations against Tortosa. MacDonald left General of Division Louis Baraguey d'Hilliers with almost 10,000 soldiers to garrison Barcelona. In addition, there were 18,000 troops manning the defenses of other cities and holding open the road to France. 
Captain General Henry O'Donnell commanded the Spanish Army of Catalonia. Seeing that MacDonald was too strong to directly confront, O'Donnell resolved to operate against the unsuspecting Imperial forces in the north. By doing so, he hoped to draw MacDonald away from Tarragona and Tortosa. O'Donnell decided to leave the divisions of Generals Juan de Courten, Pedro Sarsfield, and Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles to hold Tarragona and take the division of General Luis González Torres de Navarra, Marquess of Campoverde north. He planned to avoid the large Barcelona garrison and attack General of Division Marie François Rouyer's German division which was holding the area between Girona and Palamós on the Mediterranean coast. Meanwhile, Colonel Charles William Doyle sailed north with 500 foot soldiers aboard the British frigate "HMS Cambrian", the Spanish frigate "Diana", and other vessels. Captain Francis William Fane of the "Cambrian" commanded the Allied naval squadron. In early September, O'Donnell managed to elude the garrisons of Barcelona, Hostalric, and Girona without being noticed.
Battle.
Fane's Anglo-Spanish naval expedition struck first on 10 September. An amphibious force rowed ashore at Begur and captured 50 men and a coastal artillery emplacement. Alerted by this raid, General of Brigade François Xavier de Schwarz ordered his coastal units to beef up their defenses. His brigade comprised two battalions each of the 5th Confederation of the Rhine (Anhalt-Lippe) and 6th Confederation of the Rhine (Schwarzburg-Waldeck-Reuss) Regiments. The brigade numbered 1,700 men with 18 artillery pieces. Schwarz posted 800 men and his headquarters at La Bisbal d'Empordà while the remainder of the brigade was spread out to defend Begur, Calonge, Palamós, and Sant Feliu de Guíxols. Still undetected, O'Donnell arrived at the village of Vidreres with 6,000 foot soldiers and 400 cavalrymen on 13 September 1810. Another authority counted 6,600 men in the Spanish force, including the "Kayser" Swiss Regiment, "Numancia" Dragoons, and miquelets. 
On the morning of the 14th, O'Donnell attacked La Bisbal in overwhelming force. As his pickets were driven in, Schwarz sent a courier with orders to his detachments to concentrate. Shortly afterward, La Bisbal was surrounded and its defenders fell back to an old castle. Unfortunately, the structure was dominated by a nearby hill and a church tower from which snipers picked off a few Germans during the day. Schwarz held out until evening; he surrendered after the Spanish began massing for an assault. The French commander did not put up much of a battle, losing only one officer and four men killed, and three officers and 16 rank and file wounded. 
While the action in La Bisbal was going on, Schwarz's other outposts were being snapped up. Fane and Doyle landed their troops at Palamós and captured it. Colonel Aldea's column overran Calonge while Colonel Fleires's column seized Sant Feliu. Rouyer at Girona was unable to intervene because O'Donnell called out the local miquelets to harass his garrison. Schwarz, two colonels, 56 officers, 1,183 men, and 17 guns were captured for a total of 1,242 prisoners. The Germans also lost approximately 400 killed and wounded. Spanish losses were not reported but were probably light. However, they included O'Donnell who was badly wounded in the foot at La Bisbal. The Spanish general and the German prisoners were taken aboard Fane's squadron before it sailed back to Tarragona. 
Schwarz was held in captivity until the end of the war in 1814. O'Donnell's wound became infected and he nearly died before being sent to Majorca to recover. Until his injury healed, the high command in Catalonia passed into the less capable hands of Lieutenant General Miguel Iranzo. O'Donnell later received the title 1st Count of la Bisbal in recognition of his victory.
Aftermath.
Campoverde took command of the land force and headed north past Girona before Rouyer or Baraguey d'Hilliers could react. He captured Puigcerdà in the Cerdanya and crossed the Pyrenees into France. His troops clashed with the garrison of Mont-Louis and extorted funds from French villages. Recrossing the border, Campoverde's division moved down the Segre River valley and took position at Calaf and Cardona. 
Because he was so isolated from northern Catalonia by the guerillas, MacDonald did not hear of the La Bisbal disaster until three weeks later. Nevertheless, he initially maintained his position in support of Suchet. By holding his ground MacDonald nullified O'Donnell's strategy. Other events would finally distract the marshal from his position in the south. 
When Campoverde moved south to Cardona, the marshal took two French and two Italian brigades to attack him. An Italian brigade attacked at once on 18 October and took a beating. MacDonald declined to press his enemies further because provisions in Barcelona were getting low. Instead he lumbered off to Girona so he could protect his supply convoys. Suchet was not able to begin the Siege of Tortosa until 16 December 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="36742947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742947" title="Juan de Dios Bosque">
Juan de Dios Bosque

Juan de Dios Bosque (1829–1890) was a Bolivian politician who served as the acting President of Bolivia on the 27 and 28 November 1873. He was preceded in this office by Pedro Agustín Morales Hernández, and succeeded by Tomás Francisco Frías Ametller.

</doc>
<doc id="36742958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742958" title="The Singing Hill">
The Singing Hill

The Singing Hill is a 1941 American Western film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Virginia Dale. Based on a story by Jesse Lasky Jr. and Richard Murphy, the film is about a singing cowboy and foreman of a ranch that may be sold to an unstrupulous banker by the young madcap heiress who is unaware that the sale will result in the local ranchers losing their free grazing land and their ranches. In the film, Autry introduced the song "Blueberry Hill" which would become a standard recorded by such artists as Louis Armstrong (1949), Fats Domino (1956), and Elvis Presley (1957). The song became one of Autry's best-selling recordings. In 1987, "Blueberry Hill" received an ASCAP Award for Most Performed Feature Film Standards on TV.
Plot.
Singing cowboy Gene Autry (Gene Autry) is the foreman of the Circle R Ranch, which has been in the Adams family for generations. The ranchers in the area have enjoyed free grazing rights on the Circle R for years. Recently, the madcap heiress of the ranch, beautiful Jo Adams (Virginia Dale), negotiated the sale of the ranch in order to pay off some of her debts. She accepted a $25,000 down payment, with an option to purchase in 60 days, from unscrupulous cattle broker John Ramsey (George Meeker) who is conspiring with Adams' business manager James Morgan (Harry Stubbs) to buy the ranch and cut off grazing rights to the ranchers. 
As the head of the cattlemen's association, Gene is accused of betraying the ranchers after they learn that the Circle R is being sold and that their grazing rights, bequeathed to them by Jo's late grandfather, will be taken away. Without access to the Circle R pasture lands, most of the ranches in the area will go bankrupt. Determined to persuade Jo to change her mind, Gene and his pals, Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette), Cactus Mack (Cactus Mack), and Patsy (Mary Lee), drive to Jo's palatial house in the city. The scatterbrained Jo mistakes them for the band hired to play at her birthday party that evening, and they perform in order to stay.
After the party, Gene explains who they are and urges Jo to return to the ranch and run it the way her grandfather did. The frivolous heiress, however, has no intention of changing her extravagant lifestyle. With few options available to him, Gene abducts Jo and her butler, Dada (Gerald Oliver Smith), and takes them back to the Circle R Ranch, where Pop Sloan (Wade Boteler), a rancher who has known Jo all her life, has organized a welcoming party for her. Despite her appreciation, Jo tells Gene that she is broke and has to sell the ranch to pay her debts.
Soon after, Gene approaches Judge Henry Starbottle (Spencer Charters) and explains the impact the sale of the Circle R would have on the ranchers in the area. They conspire to have Jo declared legally incompetent in order to buy some time. At the hearing, Henry rules that she is to become a ward of the court, and Gene is placed in charge of the ranch until Jo can prove her competency.
In order to raise enough money to repay Ramsey his down payment, Gene and the ranchers drive their cattle to market. When Ramsey learns of their intentions, he sends his henchmen to blow up a dam and flood the valley through which the cattle are passing. The dam is destroyed and the cattle stampede. In the ensuing chaos, most of the cattle are drowned or dispersed, and Gene is barely able to save Pop from drowning.
Meanwhile, Jo wins her competency hearing, regains control over the ranch, and quickly fires Gene and the other Circle R cowboys. As the men are packing to leave, Jo arrives to say goodbye to the men, but is distressed to see families who will be displaced because of her actions. She drives away, but is stopped on the road by Judge Henry, who tells her that she must say goodbye to Pop before she leaves. Jo is overcome with grief when the judge brings her to the old man's funeral; the old man did not survive his ordeal.
Later, after Jo reveals that she told Ramsey about the cattle drive, Gene realizes that Ramsey was behind the dam explosion. When Jo tells him that she now intends to keep the ranch, Gene devises a plan, sending her to Ramsey's office where she tells him that Gene is holding Morgan in an attempt to get information from him. Worried that Morgan will implicate him in the dam explosion, Ramsey hires a group of gunmen to kill Gene. When the hired guns sneak onto the Circle R that night, they are beaten and captured by Gene and the ranch hands. Gene himself apprehends Ramsey after giving the corrupt cattle broker a beating. Afterwards, the ranchers are promised a good deal on their next herds, and Jo keeps Gene as her foreman.
Production.
Filming and budget.
"The Singing Hill" was filmed March 11–24, 1941. The film had an operating budget of $86,869 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $87,184.
Casting.
Virginia Dale was a former Earl Carroll showgirl. Working for Paramount as a contract player, she was loaned out to Republic Pictures for "The Singing Hill" when the studio's original choice, Patricia Morison refused the part because of the unsuitability of the story and the clothes.

</doc>
<doc id="36742963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742963" title="Raymond Kahl">
Raymond Kahl

Raymond Kahl is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
A Sydney Roosters lower grader, Kahl captained the Enga Mioks to the SP Cup title in 2000.
He played in eleven test matches for Papua New Guinea between 1996 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36742977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36742977" title="Michael J. Larsen">
Michael J. Larsen

Michael Jeffrey Larsen is an American mathematician, a distinguished professor of mathematics at Indiana University Bloomington.
Academic biography.
In high school, Larsen tied with four other competitors for the top score in the 1977 International Mathematical Olympiad in Belgrade, winning a gold medal. As an undergraduate mathematics student at Harvard University, Larsen became a Putnam Fellow in 1981 and 1983. He graduated from Harvard in 1984, and earned his Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1988, under the supervision of Gerd Faltings. After working at the Institute for Advanced Study he joined the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania in 1990, and then moved to the University of Missouri in 1997. He joined the Indiana University faculty in 2001.
Research.
Larsen is known for his research in arithmetic algebraic geometry, combinatorial group theory, combinatorics, and number theory. He has written highly cited papers on domino tiling of Aztec diamonds, topological quantum computing, and on the representation theory of braid groups.
Awards and honors.
In 2013 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society, for "contributions to group theory, number theory, topology, and algebraic geometry".

</doc>
<doc id="36743016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743016" title="Tanjah (album)">
Tanjah (album)

Tanjah is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1973 and originally released on the Polydor label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "The weak points are Weston's use of the Fender Rhodes on a few songs (it waters down his personality) and Candido's chanting during an otherwise exciting version of "Hi-Fly," but those are easily compensated for by the infectious calypso "Jamaican East" and Liston's inventive reworking of "Little Niles." Recommended".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston"

</doc>
<doc id="36743049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743049" title="Do Something to Me">
Do Something to Me

"Do Something to Me" is a song written by Jimmy Calvert, Norman Marzano, and Paul Naumann and was recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells for their 1968 album, "Crimson & Clover". The song reached #38 on The Billboard Hot 100 in 1968. The song also reached #16 in Canada.
? & the Mysterians released the original version in 1968 that reached #110 on the US chart. It was the last single for the band on the Cameo-Parkway Records label. Jimmy Wisner arranged the music for the song.
The Pooh Sticks released a version of the song in 1988 on their album, " Orgasm".

</doc>
<doc id="36743061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743061" title="David Burns, Lord Burns">
David Burns, Lord Burns

David Spencer Burns, Lord Burns is a Senator of the College of Justice.
Burns was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1977 and became a Queen's Counsel in 1991. Before admission, he worked as a legal assistant in New York and California. He practiced family, personal injury and planning. Between 1989 and 1991, he was full-time Advocate Depute. He was appointed Deputy Commissioner of Social Security. During the Lockerbie trial (2000–2002), Burns was one of the advocates representing Abdelbaset al-Megrahi.
Burns served as a temporary judge from 2002 to 2005, and he became a part-time sheriff in 2007. On 1 June 2012, it was announced he had been appointed a Senator of the College of Justice, and he took up the post on 12 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36743066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743066" title="Ligia dilatata">
Ligia dilatata

Ligia diletata is a woodlouse in the family Ligiidae.
Identification.
It has a finely granular surface and a body that is slightly convex, as well as eye that are large and convex. It has relatively small uropods.
It can be differentiated from "L. glabrata", with which it shares some range, by its antennae. The antennae of "L. diletata" are longer, reaching the end of its thorax.
Habits.
"L. diletata" feeds extensively on dislodged Ecklonia maxima and Laminaria pallida that wash up on shore. They gather in large numbers on these kelp.
The species lives about 2 years. Females start reproducing at 12 months but, unlike males, probably do not survive to breed twice. The brood period is 5 to 6 weeks. 
Growth is slow during summer but faster in winter when food is more plentiful.

</doc>
<doc id="36743068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743068" title="Ciriaco del Llano">
Ciriaco del Llano

Ciriaco del Llano was a Peninsular Spanish General who notably commanded royalist forces during the Mexican War of Independence. Amongst his more famous battles, he commanded troops in the Siege of Cuautla.
At the outbreak of the Mexican War of Independence, Llano was a naval captain in command of a frigate. In August 1811, he participated in his first campaign against the Mexican insurgents where he handily defeated them at the Battle of Llanos de Apan. For his success in that engagement, he was promoted to the rank of colonel. His forces were later routed at the Battle of Izúcar by Mexican rebels under the command of Mariano Matamoros but again distinguished himself at the Siege of Cuautla in 1812, gaining promotion to the rank of Brigadier.
He was assigned as quartermaster of Puebla for a time after the Siege of Cuatla. Shortly thereafter, he was given command of an army and defeated a rebel army under the command of Mariano Matamoros at the Battle of Puruarán. Llano's forces successfully captured Matamoros who was tried and executed shortly after that battle.
In 1815, as chief general of the expeditionary corps at Cerro de Cóporo, Llano was forced to retreat after an unsuccessful attack.
From 1816 - 1821 he was the Intendant of Puebla. He was besieged at Puebla by a rebel army under the command of Nicolás Bravo in July 1821 and was obliged again to surrender his forces together with Agustín Cosme Damián de Iturbide y Arámburu, the future emperor of Mexico who was at that time fighting for the Spanish Crown. As per the terms of this agreement, all the troops under Llano's command were obliged to be transferred to Havana. After the loss of his army, Ciriaco del Llano returned to Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="36743072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743072" title="Hồ Quang Minh">
Hồ Quang Minh

Hồ Quang Minh (Hanoi, 1949) is a Vietnamese-born Swiss film director. He left Vietnam to study in Russia in 1962, then worked in France as an assistant on Lê Lâm's "Poussière d'empire", before studying in Switzerland and taking Swiss citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="36743097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743097" title="Rajnota">
Rajnota

Rajnota() is a village in Kotputli tahsil in Jaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan. This is a largest village in Jaipur district.
Introduction.
Rajnota is oldest village in kotputli tahsil. Rajnota is approximately 15 km far from the kotputli.
rajnota is connected to jaipur delhi highway no. 8 from a link road.
rajnota is divided in approximate 365 dhani.
History.
In ancient time Rajnota came under the Matsya Kingdom.
Temples.
Shree Khem Sahab Maharaj Temple is a very old and famous temple in Rajnota. Some of the famous temples in Rajnota include Johdi Wale Hanuman Ji Temple,Shree Dhola Maharaj Temple.
Climate.
Jaipur has a hot semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classificationBSh) receiving over 650 millimetres (26 in) of rainfall annually but most rains occur in the monsoon months between June and September. Temperatures remain relatively high throughout the year, with the summer months of April to early July having average daily temperatures of around 30 °C (86 °F). During the monsoon there are frequent, heavy rains and thunderstorms, but flooding is not common. The winter months of November to February are mild and pleasant, with average temperatures ranging from 15–18 °C (59–64 °F) and with little or no humidity. There are however occasional cold waves that lead to temperatures near freezing.
Education.
There are approximate three government and six private schools.
Government schools
Private schools
Above list of school situated in proper village.
More school situated in Dhanies.
Demographics.
As of the 2011 India census Rajnota had a population of 10,157. Hindi, Rajasthani and Marwari are the most common languages for daily communication.

</doc>
<doc id="36743125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743125" title="Maison Cartier">
Maison Cartier

Maison Cartier is a historic house in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is located on Place Jacques-Cartier in Old Montreal. It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada on November 19, 1982.
It was constructed from 1812 to 1813 by mason Amable Amiot dit Villeneuve and carpenter Antoine Bouteiller. The walls, which are made of ashlar along with the dormers on the roof, are considered to be examples of Quebec's urban architecture in the early Nineteenth century. The first owners of the house were Louis Parthenais and Augustin Perrault.
The Maison Cartier was originally connected to the Nelson Hotel. Though it is located next to Montreal's oldest public monument - Nelson's Column - it was apparently named the "Jardin Nelson" for Wolfred Nelson, a Patriote in the Lower Canada Rebellion of 1837, and the ninth Mayor of Montreal. Today a restaurant operates in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="36743132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743132" title="Ussuri whiskered bat">
Ussuri whiskered bat

The Ussuri whiskered bat ("Myotis gracilis") is a species of vesper bat. It is found in Russia (eastern Siberia, Primorye, Transbaikal, Sakhalin, the Kuril Islands, and Kamchatka), northeast China, and Japan (Hokkaido). In Japan, it is regarded as endangered. As of August 2012, this species has not been assessed for the IUCN Red List. 
Physical description.
While similar to Ikonnikov's bat, this species is distinguished by a straight venation pattern on the tail membrane. 
Habitat.
Forest dwelling, but their roosts are unknown. Maternity colonies have been found in old wooden buildings in Hokkaido. Hibernation sites are also unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36743137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743137" title="Gettin' Together (song)">
Gettin' Together (song)

"Gettin' Together" is a song written by Ritchie Cordell and recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells for their 1967 album, "Gettin' Together". The song reached #18 on The Billboard Hot 100 in 1967. The song also reached #24 in Canada. The song was the group's fourth charting single of the year. Jimmy Wisner arranged the music for the song.

</doc>
<doc id="36743145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743145" title="Devipattinam">
Devipattinam

Devipatnam is a coastal village of Ramanathapuram district., Tamil Nadu, India. It is very famous for the Navagraha temple installed inside the sea. This temple is said to have been built by Lord Rama.

</doc>
<doc id="36743151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743151" title="3D Na'Tee">
3D Na'Tee

Samantha Davon James (born December 18, 1986), better known by her stage name 3D Na'Tee, is an American rapper, songwriter, and video director. She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana and grew up in the 3rd Ward. 3D Na'Tee has been featured on several national media outlets such as MTV, The Source Magazine, XXL Magazine, The Fader Magazine, RapRadar and RapRehab. She has also received attention from Louisiana newspapers and music magazines.
Music career.
In her middle school years, 3D Na'Tee honed her skills by what is called in New Orleans, ribbin' (rib - ing). Most people know this as "Playing the Dozens". Someone would start a beat by beating on a lunch room table or a garbage can, and off she went, lyrically attacking someone who was bold enough to test her skill. The rhymes were mostly about what they were wearing, how lame they were, or silly they looked.
In 1999 she began recording with local label called Clientell Records. Over the next five years she would record multiple mixtapes under the "Snypa Squad" and feature on other projects Clientell Records came out with. However, in 2006, a year after Hurricane Katrina, Clientell Records dismantled and 3D Na'Tee, who had previously established herself as a battler rapper amongst the local rap scene in New Orleans, released her first mix tape project "3's Company Vol.1: The Rapper, The Hustler, the Diva" followed by Volume 2 in 2007. After the release of her second project, she appeared on The Kush 2 DVD which was produced by YMCMB president Mack Maine. The DVD featured other Cash Money/Young Money artist like Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, and Birdman as well as Curren$y of Warner Bros. Records
After the local success of her first two releases and her critically acclaimed appearance on The Kush 2, she released her third mix tape Heavy Is the head That Wears The Crown followed by a music video for a song she titled, Guess Who's Coming 2 Dinner. That video peaked the interest of G-Unit Records affiliate and Shade 45 Sirius XM radio host Nelson Gomez who invited her to New York for an interview on his XM show as well as on rapper 50 Cents' wildly popular ThisIs50.com website. Soon after, the talk of her third release also got her featured in HipHop Weekly Magazine by Benzino, former co-owner of The Source Magazine.
Because of video releases like Guess Who's Coming 2 Dinner which spoofed many mainstream hip hop artists, 3D Na'Tee's music has been described as controversial and sometimes offensive. That song also shared the title of her for mix tape released in 2010.
Guess Who's Coming 2 Dinner (The Mixtape) lead to 3D Na'Tee being nominated for a total of 5 Nola HipHop Awards by her in her home town at the NOLA Hiphop Awards. She won three awards (the most awards won by a single artist) for Lyricist of the Year, Mixtape of the Year, and Female Artist of the Year. The mixtape included collaborations from Curren$y (courtesy of Warner Bros. Records), Ebony Eyez, and Babs Bunny (formally of Sean "Diddy" Combs) founded group, Da Band.
In early 2011 3D Na'Tee was featured on MTV's SuckerFree Freestyle hosted by DJ Envy. 3D Na'Tee and Syleena collaborated on a song called Go Head.
July 27, 2011 3D Na'Tee released a video for Switch which she shot and edited herself. The song included several previously released instrumental versions of songs produced by super producer Timbaland. This video gained her a nomination for Director of the Year and an award for Video of the Year. Because of the momentum the Switch video gained the day of its release, Timbaland viewed it online and in less than 24 hours, flew 3D Na'Tee to Miami's Hit Factory Studio to work with her on her next project, The Coronation. After several months spent traveling with Timbaland and other artist signed to his label, a contract was presented to 3D Na'Tee to sign to Timbaland's production company Mosely Music Group and to be managed by members of Timbaland's management team. 3D Na'Tee and Timbaland later announced via Twitter that she was no longer a part of Timbaland's company because she decided not to sign the contract presented. In a later interview, 3D Na'Tee explained that there was no ill feelings towards Timbaland and cited her reasons for not signing were strictly because of contractual clauses that could not be agreed upon.
Exactly two years after 3D Na'Tee's last mix tape release, she released her highly anticipated street album "The Coronation" which featured artists like Keri Hilson, Young Fletcher, and Lyrica Anderson. The Coronation also featured production from Mizay Entertainment's Lex Luger, Maybach Music Group's Yung Shun, Heartbeatz, Casa Di, Versive Manhattan, Serious Beats, Da Smokestarz, among others.
In August 2012 it was announced by DJ Skee, Sirius Satellite Radio Host, that the first release from The Coronation entitled NO LOVE produced by MMG's Young Shun was the #9 most requested song in the country. The Coronation's second release, Lil Kim produced by Casa Di gained tons of recognition as well as it was featured on both The Source and The Fader Magazines' websites. Lil Kim was a cautionary tale of a young girl with an absentee father who, because of her father's absence, unfortunately grew up and "fell in love" too fast. The song and its video (directed by Charley Mac), gained a lot of attention from tons of hiphop artist like Trina, Missy Elliott, and Grammy Award Winning Chamillionaire, who featured 3D Na'Tee's video on his famed social site www.chamillionaire.com.

</doc>
<doc id="36743158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743158" title="Om Thavrak">
Om Thavrak

Om Thavrak (born June 25, 1985 in Cambodia) is a footballer for Nagacorp in the Cambodian League and Cambodia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36743167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743167" title="Minami-Nagaoka Gas Field">
Minami-Nagaoka Gas Field

The is a gas field located in the southwest of Nagaoka, Niigata Prefecture, Japan. It was discovered in 1979. One of the largest in Japan, the field has been in production since 1984, with the completion of the Koshijihara Gas Plant. Even after more than 25 years of continuous output, Minami-Nagaoka still accounts for approximately 40% of Japan's total natural gas production.

</doc>
<doc id="36743180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743180" title="Louisiana State Route 2">
Louisiana State Route 2

Louisiana State Route 2 (LA 2) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in an east to west direction for , spanning from the Texas state line, through Lake Charles, Lafayette, Morgan City, and New Orleans to the Mississippi state line. The road was mostly superseded by US 90.
Route description.
Beginning at the Texas State Line near Orange, Texas, thence through Vinton, Sulphur, Lake Charles, Jennings, Crowley, Rayne, Lafayette, New Iberia, Franklin, Morgan City, Gibson, Houma, Raceland, Des Allemands, Luling, Westwego, Gretna, Jackson Avenue, both sides New Orleans, Louisiana, to South Claiborne Avenue, thence over Route 1 to Canal Street thence to Broad Street, both sides to Bruxelles, Gentilly Avenue, Chef Menteur, Slidell, Pearl River, to Mississippi State Line near Logtown. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
A part of the original Old Spanish Trail auto trail, LA 2 was one of the longer state routes, stretching along the Gulf Coast from Texas to Mississippi. LA 2 was also one of the first routes to feature a four-lane stretch, and still exists as either the current Louisiana Highway 182 or US 90.
LA 2 began at a bridge crossing the Sabine River at Orange, Texas, following a now-abandoned alignment towards what is now Interstate 10. It then was joined with US 90 through Vinton and Sulphur. LA 2 then crossed via the US 90 high rise bridge over the Calcasieu River before running through downtown Lake Charles.
LA 2 then met US 165/LA 24 in Iowa before meeting the towns of Jennings (LA 25), Crowley (LA 26), and Rayne (LA 40) before entering Lafayette, where it met US 167, which swapped state route designations with LA 5 and LA 43 before turning south.
South of Lafayette, LA 2 crossed LA 25 and LA 56 before meeting LA 59 in Baldwin and LA 60 in Centerville. LA 2 passed over the Atchafalaya River via the Long-Allen Bridge and met LA 28 in Gibson, following Black Bayou until it met LA 69 and LA 79 in Houma.
LA 2 also met LA 29 and LA 78 in Raceland before meeting LA 30 at the foot of the Huey Long Bridge in New Orleans, with LA 2 following the curvature of the river while US 90 uses the bridge. LA 2 then crossed at the Jackson Avenue Ferry, using surface streets to mingle with LA 1 before turning north toward Slidell, using US 11's alignment to enter Mississippi.
As the road was bypassed along the way, Louisiana skipped numbering the route as LA 2-D and 2-E, and instead used the designation of LA 1092.

</doc>
<doc id="36743192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743192" title="Indio (TV series)">
Indio (TV series)

Indio is a Filipino historical drama-epic fantasy series created and developed by Suzette Doctolero and produced by GMA Network. It premiered on January 14, 2013 on GMA Telebabad block, replacing "Aso ni San Roque", and January 15, 2013 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV. The show concluded its twenty-week run on May 31, 2013 with the total of ninety-seven episodes. The series features Ramon "Bong" Revilla, Jr. playing the title role, with Jennylyn Mercado, Michael de Mesa, Maxene Magalona and Rhian Ramos. It executive produced by Meann P. Regala and directed by Dondon Santos. Historians Dr. Vic Villan and Dr. Rolando Borrinaga were tapped to ensure the accuracy of the series.
"Indio" (which was the Spanish Colonial racial term for the native Austronesian peoples or the commoners of the Philippines between the 16th and 19th centuries) is set during pre-colonial to Spanish colonial era (1565-1663). It chronicles the life of Malaya/Simeon who rises from a lowly slave to a demigod on his quest for freedom from the Spanish Crown. With its high production value and powerhouse cast, the series is regards as a "telemovie" or a movie made for television and dubbed as the most expensive series of the network for 2013.
Synopsis.
The story begins in Central Visayas during the pre-colonial period, where natives and diwatas (gods) are living together in harmony, harvesting the bounty of the earth and sea, guided and loved by Laon (the Creator).
Ynaguiguinid, the goddess of war, who have fallen in love and had chosen to marry a warrior tribesman lives with their newborn child, a demigod. But they had to face a pitiful separation when chaos, confusion, death and destruction comes with the arrival of the Spaniards conquistadors whose aim is to spread Christianity and at the same time, to take control of the strategic trade routes and to control the resources of the archipelago. Due to the wounds from a battle in an attempt to defend the settlement, Ynaguiguinid had to transfer all her powers to her lifeless son to survive, resulting to her own death. The baby was later found and raised by a native couple, Tarong and Linang, who named the child, Malaya after a Tagalog word which means "Free".
Being a half-human, half-diwata, Malaya's supernatural abilities, incredible strength and invulnerability increased steadily as he grew up. By the help of Magayon, the goddess of all flying creatures, Malaya found out who he really was, his roots and the ultimate task he must fulfill – which is to save and protect the commoners from the abuses of the Spanish colonial government.
An unfortunate turn of events had led to the separation of Malaya from his adoptive parents. He finds himself under the custody of Juancho Sanreal, a despotic encomendero. Upon discovering the child’s extraordinary abilities and seeing him as a great asset in fulfilling his dream of becoming a Governor-General, Juancho adopts Malaya, gives him a new name – Simeon, and does everything to get the child's sympathy him to be able to use the child and his powers for his own personal intentions. Blinded by Juancho’s false compassion, Simeon will treat him as his master and will do anything he commands.
Many years have passed. Simeon maintains a strong relationship and unrelenting devotion for Juancho. Until he uncovered Juancho's manipulation and deceit, including the oppression of the common people and the latter’s involvement in the death of Rosa, the love of his life. This prompted him to finally embrace his mission, and with this his quest and battle for peace and freedom begin.
Cast and characters.
The series featured eleven major characters throughout its run.
Production and development.
Conception.
The series was developed in early 2012 by screenwriter, Suzette Doctolero (the writer behind such epic series as "Encantadia", "Etheria" and "Amaya") and under the supervisions of historians: Dr. Vic Villan of the University of the Philippines Diliman (who was also the consultant for "Amaya") and Dr. Rolando Borrinaga; and GMA Entertainment TV creative heads, Jake Tordesillas and Jun Lana. The idea for series was conceived during the time Doctolero did her research on Amaya. According to her, the series is a combination of Philippine history and Filipino mythology. The show's staged in pre-colonial to Spanish colonial period setting (1565-1663). Regarding the title "Indio" –which was a label intended to be a badge of imposed by the Spanish on the natives— Doctolero stated that "It is the first word that comes into our minds when we talk about Spanish colonization here the Philippines. It mirrors every Filipino. With this series, I want to turn this label into something dignified and a source of pride."
Casting.
Headed the series' stellar casts is Senator Ramon "Bong" Revilla, Jr. who plays the titular character. GMA Network's Vice President for Entertainment TV, Lilybeth Rasonable said that "Indio was really made for him." The actor-politician went through rigorous acting trainings under director Laurice Guillen for his preparation for the role. He also gets Phillip Salvador to be his acting couch. He also did some readings and research regarding Philippine history because "even though it is a fictional show, it has some historical undertones that should at least have some sense of accuracy." Actor Alden Richards signed on to play the teenage version of the title character while Vincent Magbanua auditioned and successfully cast as the young Malaya. In March 2012, it was revealed that actresses, Jennylyn Mercado and Rhian Ramos will be Revilla's two of three love interests. In August 2012, Maxene Magalona was officially added to the cast, wherein her role had previously been offered to Sunshine Cruz. Sheena Halili was chosen to play another important role in the series. Rocco Nacino was originally cast as Tuhay but later replaced by Dominic Roco for the said role. Veteran character actors, Michael de Mesa and Jackie Lou Blanco were signed on to portray the antagonist roles of Juancho and Victoria Sanreal. Other casts were all announced during the series' story conference, held in GMA Network Center, the same month of 2012.
The cast of characters grew over the course of the series. Some of the notable actors that appeared and portrayed important characters were Mark Gil, Ramon Christopher, Aljur Abrenica, Katrina Halili and Ryan Eigenmann. Gil played Miguel López de Legazpi, the very first governor-general of the Philippines, while Ramon Christopher played António Sanreal, father of the main antagonist, Juancho Sanreal. Both characters appeared only on the pilot week. Abrenica acted as Bagandi, the brave native warrior who became an ally to Simeon/Malaya. First appeared on the penultimate episode of the first chapter, Abrenica became one of the prominent casts in the second chapter of the show. Katrina Halili played the antagonist Burigadang Pada Sinaklang Bulawan, the goddess of greed and vengeance, while Eigenmann played Sidapa, the god of death. In an interview, Eigenmann described his character as "a little bit tricky since he is not totally evil. In fact, even if he is the god of death, he wants to be fair to everyone. However, a twist in the story, which will be revealed in the coming episodes, will change all that." The character first appeared on the 64th episode of the series.
Filming.
Filming for the project began on September 2012, to give ample time for the production team to come up with elaborate sets, props and costumes for January 14, 2013 premiere. The production uses different filming locations. The series is shot primarily in the towns of Pagsanjan and Cavinti in the province of Laguna. The entire Spanish-era village was built along the banks of the Pagsanjan River in Pagsanjan especially for the series. It is where most of the "Pueblo" scenes are shot. The setup includes a church facade, the Spanish quarters (including the mansion of Juancho and Victoria Sanreal), and the village of the locals. Other locations include: Intramuros Manila, Inao-Awan, Lumot Lake in Cavinti, Laguna, Morong Park and Subic Bay Port in Subic, Zambales, Bolinao, Pangasinan and Tanay, Rizal. Filming locations were chosen by production designers Rodell Cruz and Jerran Ordinario. The series is slated for 20 weeks run (98 episodes).
Music.
The network assigned Von de Guzman to create the underscore for the series. De Guzman—who also created the underscore for the network's very first historical epic series, "Amaya"— composed the opening credits theme or the "heroic" music playing during the opening credits. De Guzman also worked in tandem with writer Vim Nadera in creating other themes like: "May Laya" (lit. There is Freedom), a war song or the song usually playing during the battle scenes; the closing credits theme "Lupang Payapa" (lit. Peaceful Land) which was also used various times as a "love theme" for Malaya/Simeon and Rosa's scenes; and "Aking Anak" (lit. My Child), a "melodic" or somewhat a lullaby used during scenes involving Malaya and his adoptive mother Linang.
Reception.
The series is considered as a "ratings success" from its premiere telecast. According to the Mega Manila overnight ratings gathered by the TV ratings supplier, Nielsen TV Audience Measurement, the show marked a household rating of 29.3%, 6.2 higher than its counterpart program in ABS-CBN, and landed at #2 position in the Top 10 primetime shows that date. The pilot episode also became a trending topic in the Philippines in the micro-blogging site Twitter with the hashtag #IndioGMA.
Aside from the ratings, the series have also received positive reviews throughout its run. Alwin M. Ignacio of The Daily Tribune said: "Grand is the best adjective to describe Indio. The camera shots are panoramic. The grandeur is seen and felt during the fight scenes and exodus sequences. You grasp the opulence and magic when you first catch sight of the diwatas in meeting." The Philippine Star's entertainment columnist, Ricky Lo felt that the series "It's almost as big as a movie. No. Indio is even bigger than and presumably better than a movie." Bibsy M. Carballo of The Philippine Star said that "If there were to be a historical drama-fantasy series that would reach epic proportions, it would have to be Indio!" Entertainment columnist and "Startalk" host, Lolit Solis praised the ensembles' acting performances, including Vince Magbanua's, the 10 year old Palaweño who played young Malaya/Simeon. Isah V. Red of Manila Standard Today and Nestor Cuartero of Tempo praised Revilla's acting performance. Red said that "He isn't too far behind in scenes that have actors like Michael de Mesa, Chinggoy Alonso, Ronnie Lazaro, and Jackielou Blanco. Viewers can easily discern each of the characters they are watching due to the clear portrayal by the actors who fittingly tint their roles with the proper tones, and Revilla, though not formally schooled in acting, displays keen understanding of characterization." While Cuartero said "He proves beyond doubt that aside from being an "action star", he is also very competent in drama, investing the part with his heroic presence."Writer-director Ronald Carballo impressed with the moving performances of Revilla, De Mesa, Jennylyn Mercado, Sheena Halili and Vaness del Moral, said that "With the great flow of the story, wonderful performances and excellent cinematography, I am hooked now on the show, as in every night." Noel Asiñas of The Journal praised the show's action stunts, said that "Indio's stunts are well-choreographed. It's my first time to watch that kind of stunts in local television."
Indio was also positively received by other writers. Blogger, Ely Valendez of "Ely's Planet" reviews: "What's more interesting in Indio 'though is the story itself that's strongly related to the Philippine history." Valendez also dubbed "Indio as the new "Encantadia"." Jason Lim of the blog "Taking A Break" praises the series' special effects, said that "Indio really benefited from an early pre-production date as most of the effects are seamless. The scene with the Baconaua and the opening scene that tied down the timeline/era were exceptionally done." Blogger Neil Celeste Rara described the show as "thrilling and visually captivating", stating "While the ratings war remains to be tough and the battle is fought day by day, the people behind this wonderful series have a reason to sleep soundly at night, for they not only have done their jobs well, they have also created a piece of art that viewers will always remember." While Dinno Erece of the blog "Show and Tell", said "We were so impressed by the special effects of the Indio to think it's only a television series. We're daring to say this but Indio has a better special effects than that of "Si Agimat, si Enteng Kabisote at si Ako" and "Shake, Rattle & Roll 14". it's not just the special effects, even the production design and the costume and the history, they're fully researched."

</doc>
<doc id="36743193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743193" title="G. Krugers">
G. Krugers

G.E.A. Krugers (fl. 1926–1937; also written incorrectly as G. Kruger), was an Indo cameraman and film director active in the Dutch East Indies (modern Indonesia) during the early 20th century. He is recorded as having worked in film since the mid-1920s, and in 1927 he made his directorial debut, "Eulis Atjih". A Muslim, he joined hajj pilgrims in 1928 and screened the resulting documentary in the Netherlands. His 1930 film "Karnadi Anemer Bangkong" is thought to be the first talkie in the cinema of the Indies, but was a commercial failure as the majority Sundanese audience considered it insulting. After making two works for Tan's Film in the early 1930s, Krugers moved to Hong Kong, where he died in 1937.
Silent film.
Little is known of Krugers. A Muslim man of mixed European and Indonesian descent, he was reportedly born in Hong Kong and is recorded as having been active in film in the mid-1920s, leading the laboratory at N.V. Java Film. He may have been one of its founders, together with the Dutchman L. Heuveldorp. The company exclusively produced documentaries until 1926, when Heuveldorp directed the colony's first feature film, "Loetoeng Kasaroeng". Krugers served as a cameraman for the film, which was based on a Sundanese folktale, also processing the film in his laboratory in Bandung.
The following year, having left N.V. Java Film to form his own company, Krugers Filmbedrijf (Krugers Film Company), Krugers directed his own film, titled "Eulis Atjih", which followed the beautiful Eulis Atjih as she falls into poverty after being left by her husband. For the international release Krugers emphasised the ethnographic aspects of the film. The film was a commercial failure, but Krugers told his backers that the film had recouped its expenses. 
By 1928 he was reportedly working on film adaptations of the folktales "Roro Mendut" and "Prono Tjitro", although it is not known if he finished them. He did, however, complete a documentary entitled "Het Groote Mekka-Feast" ("The Great Mecca Feast") which followed hajj pilgrims from the Indies during their trip to Mecca. The film premiered in Leiden, the Netherlands, on November 8, 1928. This premiere was attended by numerous Dutch socialites, including Princess Juliana, and given an introduction by Dutch Orientalist Christiaan Snouck Hurgronje.
Talkies.
The first talkies shown in the Indies, "Fox Movietone Follies of 1929" and "The Rainbow Man" (both 1929), came from the United States and were screened in late 1929. This encouraged Krugers to make "Karnadi Anemer Bangkong" ("Karnadi the Frog Contractor"), an adaptation of the book by Yuhana, in 1930. The comedy, made with a single system camera that Krugers had obtained with the help of his Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers membership, is generally thought the first locally-produced talkie released in the country, but had poor technical quality. It was a critical failure, as the majority Sundanese audience felt that they were being insulted; contemporary director Joshua Wong suggested that this poor reception was partly owing to the main character eating a frog, something which is forbidden for Muslims. 
Following this failure, Krugers made the documentary "Atma De Vischer" ("Atma of the Vischers"; 1931), which followed Queen Wilhelmina and Prince Hendrik on a trip through the Hague, before being signed to Tan's Film. With Tan's, Krugers made two films. First he was asked to handle cinematography on Bachtiar Effendi's 1932 talkie "Njai Dasima", an adaptation of G. Francis' 1896 novel "Tjerita Njai Dasima" ("Story of Njai Dasima"). He then directed and produced "Huwen op Bevel" ("Forced to Marry"; 1931), which was advertised as featuring songs and comedy. The film was a commercial failure, leading to all rights being acquired by Tan's. He is recorded as planning a further two films, "De Nona" ("Of Ladies") and "Raonah", but neither was made.
During 1934 and early 1935, all feature films released in the Dutch East Indies had been produced by The Teng Chun. This situation was created by the Great Depression, which had led to the Dutch East Indies government collecting higher taxes, advertisers asking for more money, and cinemas selling tickets at lower prices; this ensured that there was a very low profit margin for local films. During this period cinemas in the country mainly showed Hollywood productions. Against this background, Krugers – upset over his critical failures – left the Indies in 1936 and moved back to Hong Kong, where he suffered a mental breakdown and died in 1937.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36743196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743196" title="Gotta Get Back to You">
Gotta Get Back to You

"Gotta Get Back to You" is a song written by Tommy James and Bob King and recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells for their 1970 album, "Travelin"'. The song reached #45 on The Billboard Hot 100 in 1970. The song also reached #16 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36743197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743197" title="Cinta Costera">
Cinta Costera

The Cinta Costera (meaning "Coastal Beltway") is a 26-hectare (64-acre) land reclamation project in Panama City, Panama, completed in 2009 at a cost of $189 million. It extends from Paitilla to El Chorrillo. Its most recent expansion was the Cinta Costera III, which opened in 2014, along with the Maracana Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36743209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743209" title="Jumbo jet (disambiguation)">
Jumbo jet (disambiguation)

A jumbo jet usually refers to a wide-body aircraft.
Jumbo Jet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743213" title="16 August 2012 Iraq attacks">
16 August 2012 Iraq attacks

A series of bombings and shootings occurred in Iraq on 16 August 2012, in one of the most violent attacks since post-US withdrawal insurgency has begun. At least 128 people were killed and more than 400 wounded in coordinated attacks across Iraq, making them the deadliest attacks in the country since October 2009, when 155 were killed in twin bombings near the Justice Ministry in Baghdad.
Background.
The attacks occurred about eight months following the withdrawal of the United States military forces from the area, leaving the security of the country in the hands of the Iraqi security forces. Several major attacks took place in the months of June and July, following a statement released by Islamic State of Iraq to announce the start of a new "offensive".
Attacks.
Numerous attacks were conducted within hours of each other on 16 August 2012 across Baghdad and several central and northern provinces in Iraq.
At least 52 people were killed and 177 injured in attacks across Baghdad, with most casualties from two car bombings in the predominantly Shi'ite districts of Zaafaraniya and Sadr City. The deadliest blast happened near an amusement park in Zaafaraniya, claiming 27 lives and injuring 75, most of them women and children. An earlier attack near the park had killed 2 and left 11 injured. Two car bombs exploded next to a government building in the Husseiniya district, killing 7 and injuring 42. In the evening, a car bomb was detonated close to a military checkpoint in Sadr City, killing at least 16 and leaving 49 wounded.
Gunmen using silencers shot 10 soldiers dead at a checkpoint in Mushada, northwest of Baghdad, injuring at least 10 others. At least seven explosions and several shootings killed 8 and wounded 29 in Kirkuk, while a suicide car bombing killed 11 officers and injured 31 others at an anti-terrorism office in Daquq. A suicide bombing at a tea shop in Tal Afar killed 7 and injured 25. Attacks in Mosul killed another nine people and injured 27. Ten people were killed and 9 injured in three separate incidents in Diyala Province near Baqubah, most of them members of the security forces. A car bomb in Kut killed at least 7 and injured more than 70 others. Four police officers were killed and six injured in attacks around Fallujah. Gunmen killed two civilians at a market in Baaj, and a bomb in Tuz Khormato killed a woman and injured 4 others. Bombings also took place in Badush, Abu Ghraib, Al Wajehiya, Hawija, Ramadi and Iskandariya, killing 4 and leaving 24 injured. Unidentified gunmen killed three and injured 5 others in several attacks in Dhouib, al-Rasul and Aswad.
Perpetrators.
Though no group has claimed responsibility, the attacks are believed to be orchestrated by al-Qaeda, seeking to regain control of the country following the departure of the American forces.
Reactions.
Domestic.
An unnamed official for the current Iraqi government believed the attacks were made by al-Qaeda and their allies, as part of a larger scheme to ignite "a bloody sectarian war".

</doc>
<doc id="36743225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743225" title="Sandade Sandadi">
Sandade Sandadi

Sandade Sandadi is a 2002 Telugu film directed by Muppalaneni Shiva and produced by Mr. Adityaram under Adityaram Movies .The film stars Jagapathi Babu, Rajendra Prasad, Sivaji, Urvasi, Rasi and Sanghavi in the lead roles. The film was a remake of Kannada film "Kothigalu Saar Kothigalu" (2001). It was remade in in Hindi as "Shaadi No. 1" (2005).
Plot.
Sandade Sandadi is a family drama based movie in which, Three friends (Rajendra Prasad, Sivaji and Jagapati Babu) vexed with their wives (Raasi, Sanghvi and Oorvasi respectively) decide to take a mass suicide. But they end up saving a businessman (Kota) who was also attempting suicide. These guys help the businessman in straightening his business and earn good salary to support their families. But they suffer with an after-marriage problem.
Their wives does not allow them to have sex. Oorvasi is highly devotional and spends her days with vratams. Raasi is a busy lawyer and she is more dedicated to her work than her family life. Sanghvi is a hotshot TV actress and she is more interesting in making love to the camera than to her husband.
At this juncture, the businessman is confronted with another problem. His foreign returned daughters (Sony Raj, Swapna Madhuri and Sonali Joshi) are too fast for him to make them agree for an arranged marriage with the sons of his close pal.
These guys throw an idea to businessmen that he should employ three good-looking guys and make his daughters fall in love with them. After that guys could ditch girls so that they get back to their dad to ask forgiveness and accept his proposal. Businessman asks these three friends to do the roles of lovers. rest of the movie is about how all ends well.
Music.
The music of the film was composed by Koti.

</doc>
<doc id="36743227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743227" title="Matrix splitting">
Matrix splitting

In the mathematical discipline of numerical linear algebra, a matrix splitting is an expression which represents a given matrix as a sum or difference of matrices. Many iterative methods (e.g., for systems of differential equations) depend upon the direct solution of matrix equations involving matrices more general than tridiagonal matrices. These matrix equations can often be solved directly and efficiently when written as a matrix splitting. The technique was devised by Richard S. Varga in 1960.
Regular splittings.
We seek to solve the matrix equation
where A is a given "n" × "n" non-singular matrix, and k is a given column vector with "n" components. We split the matrix A into
where B and C are "n" × "n" matrices. If, for an arbitrary "n" × "n" matrix M, M has nonnegative entries, we write M ≥ 0. If M has only positive entries, we write M > 0. Similarly, if the matrix M1 − M2 has nonnegative entries, we write M1 ≥ M2.
Definition: A = B − C is a regular splitting of A if and only if B−1 ≥ 0 and C ≥ 0.
We assume that matrix equations of the form
where g is a given column vector, can be solved directly for the vector x. If (2) represents a regular splitting of A, then the iterative method
where x(0) is an arbitrary vector, can be carried out. Equivalently, we write (4) in the form
The matrix D = B−1C has nonnegative entries if (2) represents a regular splitting of A.
It can be shown that if A−1 > 0, then formula_6 < 1, where formula_6 represents the spectral radius of D, and thus D is a convergent matrix. As a consequence, the iterative method (5) is necessarily convergent.
If, in addition, the splitting (2) is chosen so that the matrix B is a diagonal matrix (with the diagonal entries all non-zero, since B must be invertible), then B can be inverted in linear time (see Time complexity).
Matrix iterative methods.
Many iterative methods can be described as a matrix splitting. If the diagonal entries of the matrix A are all nonzero, and we express the matrix A as the matrix sum
where D is the diagonal part of A, and U and L are respectively strictly upper and lower triangular "n" × "n" matrices, then we have the following.
The Jacobi method can be represented in matrix form as a splitting
The Gauss-Seidel method can be represented in matrix form as a splitting
The method of successive over-relaxation can be represented in matrix form as a splitting
Example.
Regular splitting.
In equation (1), let
Let us apply the splitting (7) which is used in the Jacobi method: we split A in such a way that B consists of "all" of the diagonal elements of A, and C consists of "all" of the off-diagonal elements of A, negated. (Of course this is not the only useful way to split a matrix into two matrices.) We have
Since B−1 ≥ 0 and C ≥ 0, the splitting (11) is a regular splitting. Since A−1 > 0, the spectral radius formula_6 < 1. (The approximate eigenvalues of A are formula_17 ≈ –0.4599820, –0.3397859, 0.7997679.) Hence, the matrix D is convergent and the method (5) necessarily converges for the problem (10). Note that the diagonal elements of A are all greater than zero, the off-diagonal elements of A are all less than zero and A is strictly diagonally dominant.
The method (5) applied to the problem (10) then takes the form
The exact solution to equation (12) is
The first few iterates for equation (12) are listed in the table below, beginning with x(0) = (0.0, 0.0, 0.0)T. From the table one can see that the method is evidently converging to the solution (13), albeit rather slowly.
Jacobi method.
As stated above, the Jacobi method (7) is the same as the specific regular splitting (11) demonstrated above.
Gauss-Seidel method.
Since the diagonal entries of the matrix A in problem (10) are all nonzero, we can express the matrix A as the splitting (6), where
We then have
The Gauss-Seidel method (8) applied to the problem (10) takes the form
The first few iterates for equation (15) are listed in the table below, beginning with x(0) = (0.0, 0.0, 0.0)T. From the table one can see that the method is evidently converging to the solution (13), somewhat faster than the Jacobi method described above.
Successive over-relaxation method.
Let "ω" = 1.1. Using the splitting (14) of the matrix A in problem (10) for the successive over-relaxation method, we have
The successive over-relaxation method (9) applied to the problem (10) takes the form
The first few iterates for equation (16) are listed in the table below, beginning with x(0) = (0.0, 0.0, 0.0)T. From the table one can see that the method is evidently converging to the solution (13), slightly faster than the Gauss-Seidel method described above.

</doc>
<doc id="36743229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743229" title="Outremont Theatre">
Outremont Theatre

Outremont Theatre is a theatre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is located on Bernard Avenue West in the borough of Outremont.
History.
The Outremont Theatre was built in 1928 based on plans by architect René Charbonneau. It opened the following year.
The theatre operated both as a movie theatre and a concert hall.
Musicians who have performed at the Outremont Theatre include: Pauline Julien, Louise Forestier, Félix Leclerc, Diane Dufresne, as Paul Piché, Richard Séguin and The Beautiful South.
The theatre closed its doors in the late 1980s. It was purchased by the city of Outremont in 1994, in order to restore the theater which was recognized as a National Historic Site of Canada the previous year. Following the renovations, it reopened on March 20, 2001.
It was listed as a historic monument by the city of Outremont June 29, 1987. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada on November 20 1993 and as a historic monument by the Répertoire du patrimoine culturel du Québec on June 28, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36743237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743237" title="Michigan's 11th congressional district election, 2012">
Michigan's 11th congressional district election, 2012

Michigan's 11th congressional district election will be held on November 6, 2012, for a seat in the 113th United States Congress alongside a presidential election, other elections to the United States House of Representatives and elections for class I of the United States Senate. In Michigan, all of the state's 14 Congressional seats will be at stake, as well Michigan's junior United States Senator Debbie Stabenow is running for re-election. Additionally, all 110 seats in the Michigan House of Representatives are at stake.
In reapportionment done following the 2010 United States Census, the district was redrawn to favor then Congressman Thaddeus McCotter.
The election will be held alongside a special election to fill a vacancy in Michigan's 11th congressional district caused by the July 6, 2012 resignation of Republican member of the United States House of Representatives Thaddeus McCotter. The primary for the special election will be held on September 5, 2012.
McCotter signature scandal.
After a failed, short-lived Presidential campaign, McCotter opted to run for 6th term in the House. On May 25, 2012, it was announced that McCotter had fallen short of the required 1,000 signatures to appear on the ballot for the August 7 GOP primary.
On May 29, 2012, McCotter announced his intentions to seek the GOP nomination as write-in candidate. McCotter ended his write-in campaign shortly after on June 2, 2012. 
McCotter resigned from Congress on July 6, 2012. On August 11, 2012, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette announced charges against four former McCotter staff aides, for their roles in obtaining and submitting fraudulent election petitions.
Primary election.
Republican.
After McCotter's resignation, the only other Republican who qualified for the primary ballot was political novice/Tea Party activist Kerry Bentivolio. 
After McCotter's resignation, several candidates considered mounting a write-in campaign, including Birmingham-based foreclosure attorney David Trott, former state Rep. Andrew "Rocky" Raczkowski, state Sen. Mike Kowall of White Lake and former Oakland County Republican Party Chairman Paul Welday. Eventually, State GOP leaders rallied around former state Sen. Nancy Cassis.
Candidates.
Declined/Withdrew
Disqualified from Ballot
Democratic.
Only two candidates, both with low name recognition qualified for the Democratic Primary ballot before McCotter's resignation. They were Dr. Syed Taj, a member of the Canton Township Board of Trustees and Bill Roberts, a Lyndon LaRouche activist who's main goal was to impeach President Barack Obama and campaigned with posters with Obama having a mustache similar to Adolf Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="36743251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743251" title="List of American Basketball Association arenas">
List of American Basketball Association arenas

The following list includes all current and former arenas used by current and defunct teams who once played in the American Basketball Association from 1967 to 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36743254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743254" title="Masao Takahashi">
Masao Takahashi

Masao Takahashi (born 1929) is a Canadian judoka, author, coach, and founder of the Takahashi School of Martial Arts (Est. 1969) in Ottawa, Ontario. He has been involved in the Japanese martial art Judo for more than 70 years, and is currently ranked "hachi-dan" (eighth-degree black belt), making him one of the highest ranked judoka in Canada. In 2002 he was decorated by the Emperor of Japan with the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Rosette, in recognition of his service to improving the status of Japanese-Canadians through his lifelong commitment to the promotion and development of Judo in Canada. He was inducted into the Judo Canada Hall of Fame in 1998. In 2005 Takahashi co-authored a book, "Mastering Judo", with his family.
Biography.
Born in Stave Falls, British Columbia, Takahashi moved to the Kitsilano neighbourhood of Vancouver, British Columbia with his family in the late 1930s, where his father worked in a saw mill and his mother opened a day care centre. He was an outstanding athlete in high school, but his activities were limited following the outbreak of the Second World War. In March 1942, the government forced the family to give up their belongings and relocate as part of the internment of Japanese-Canadians due to fears that they would act against Canada on behalf of Japan. The Takahashis were moved to Raymond, Alberta to work as cheap labour in the sugar beet industry. The family stayed on a farm in a small house with no plumbing, and the children were prohibited from going to school. Takahashi and his friends continued to practice Judo during their years in Raymond under Yoshio Katsuta's supervision at a small Japanese Buddhist church. After the war was over, he returned to high school and graduated in 1948. In 1949, Takahashi joined the Royal Canadian Air Force, where he spent the next 22 years of his life. He retired from the Air Force in 1969 and began a second career by opening his dojo in Ottawa.
Family.
Takahashi's wife and four children are also accomplished judoka who have made significant contributions to the development of Judo in Canada. His wife, June Takahashi, was one of the first women in Canada to earn a black belt in Judo, and is now ranked "roku-dan" (sixth-degree black belt), making her one of the highest-ranked women in the country. She coached Cameroonian judoka Françoise Nguele, who competed in the 2000 Olympic Games, and her approach to Judo is heavily influenced by the highest-ranked female judoka in history, Keiko Fukuda. Masao and June's children Allyn Takahashi, Phil Takahashi, Ray Takahashi, and Tina Takahashi, are all black belts who have been highly successful in competition, and three of them have participated in the Olympics: Phil as a competitor and Tina as a coach in Judo, and Ray as a competitor in wrestling.
Awards.
In 2002, Takahashi was decorated by the Emperor of Japan with the Order of the Sacred Treasure, Gold Rays with Rosette, in recognition of his service to improving the status of Japanese-Canadians through his lifelong commitment to the promotion and development of Judo in Canada.
Popular culture.
One of Takahashi's most famous students is former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau. Trudeau began practising Judo at Takahashi's sometime in the mid-1950s when he was in his mid-thirties, and by the end of the decade he was ranked "ik-kyū" (brown belt). Later, when he travelled to Japan as Prime Minister, he was promoted to "sho-dan" (first-degree black belt) by the Kodokan, and then promoted to "ni-dan" (second-degree black belt) by Takahashi before leaving office. Trudeau's three sons and the children of his successor, Brian Mulroney, also took lessons at Takahashi's dojo.

</doc>
<doc id="36743255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743255" title="Islenair, San Diego">
Islenair, San Diego

Islenair is a neighborhood and city-designated historic district in San Diego, California, often considered part of the larger City Heights neighborhood. The historic district is located along Euclid Ave., Belle Isle Dr., Isla Vista Dr., and Thorn St. 
"Islenair is a small, working class, early auto-oriented suburb that reflects the small house movement which took hold following World War I and became a national standard of development in the wake of the Great Depression and the Post-World War II housing shortage."

</doc>
<doc id="36743257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743257" title="Louisiana State Route 15-D">
Louisiana State Route 15-D

Louisiana State Route 15-D (LA 15-D) was a state highway in Louisiana. It spanned , serving northeastern Louisiana, spanning from Red Gum community to the town of Clayton. It was an older alignment of LA 15.
Route description.
LA 15-D was essentially only an older alignment of LA 15, following the old road from Red Gum to Clayton. It paralleled LA 15 across the Missouri Pacific Railroad, serving as an alternative route to LA 15 and US 65. It was bypassed whenever the segment from Red Gum to Clayton was built.

</doc>
<doc id="36743279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743279" title="2012–13 DEL season">
2012–13 DEL season

The 2012–13 Deutsche Eishockey Liga season was the 19th season since the founding of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
Regular season.
GP = Games Played, W = Wins, OTW = Overtime win, SOW = Shootout win, OTL = Overtime loss, SOL = Shootout loss, L = Loss
Color code:     = Direct Playoff qualification,     = Playoff qualification round,     = No playoff 
Playoffs.
Playoff qualification.
The playoff qualification was played between March 13 and 17, 2013 in a Best-of-three mode.
Bracket.
There was a reseeding after the first round.
Quarterfinals.
The quarterfinals were played between 20 March and 1 April 2013 in a Best-of-seven mode.
Semifinals.
The semifinals were played between 3 and 12 April 2013 in a Best-of-five mode.
Final.
The final were played between 14 and 24 April 2013 in a Best-of-five mode.

</doc>
<doc id="36743288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743288" title="It's Only Love (Tommy James and the Shondells song)">
It's Only Love (Tommy James and the Shondells song)

"It's Only Love" is a song written by Morris Levy, Ritchie Cordell, and Sal Trimachi and recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells for their 1966 album, "It's Only Love". The song reached #31 on The Billboard Hot 100 in 1966. The song also reached #10 in Canada.
The original B-side was "Don't Let My Love Pass You By." Later releases included a remake of Lee Dorsey's song Ya Ya.

</doc>
<doc id="36743303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743303" title="Bar Association of Puerto Rico">
Bar Association of Puerto Rico

The Bar Association of Puerto Rico (BAPR) or "Colegio de Abogados de Puerto Rico (CAPR)" is the bar association of Puerto Rico. It is the oldest professional association in Puerto Rico, and among the oldest bar associations in the world.
The Bar Association of Puerto Rico is to be distinguished from the Puerto Rican Bar Association, which is a private association.
History.
Although Puerto Rico was colonized by Spain, a country with associations of lawyers as early as the 16th century, it was not until May 8, 1840, that the Royal Court of Puerto Rico issued an order authorizing the establishment of a Bar Association there. There were at the time 22 lawyers practicing in Puerto Rico. Its first bar examination was given on May 13, 1841. The Bar Association published the first book of the law of the Royal Court of Puerto Rico in 1857.
Bar operations were suspended when, following the surrender of Puerto Rico to the United States at the end of the Spanish American War, the Military Government suppressed the profession of Attorney. After the Statute of the Bar Association of Puerto Rico was restored, debate ensued among Bar members as to the correct structure of the Bar, due to the transition from Spanish colony to Commonwealth of the United States. The Puerto Rico Bar Association changed in 1911 to be a voluntary association similar to that in many States. In 1932, following lengthy discussion, the voluntary association was converted to a mandatory association; since then all practicing attorneys must be members in order to practice law in the United States territory of Puerto Rico, with a number of exceptions, e.g. Federal judges may voluntarily withdraw from the organization.
Structure.
The Bar Association, headquartered in the Miramar section of San Juan, Puerto Rico operates a number of programs, including a pro bono legal services program, offers life insurance to its members and makes its meeting rooms available to community organizations.
The Association is managed by a Governing Board, which has met regularly for over 130 years.
The Association holds its annual convention in the month of September, when its president and board of directors are elected by those physically present.
Legislation has been approved, converting it into a voluntary membership organization. Other bills have been filed to allow the election of the president by mail-in referendum, rather than an assembly where physical presence is required.
Criticism.
Many criticize the bar because, notwithstanding its compulsory nature, it shows an activist tendency towards political matters, openly supporting specific candidates during elections. They believe that a compulsory, government-sponsored institution such as itself should maintain a politically neutral position, so as not to offend its members or taint the institution's honor by involving itself in petty politics.
The bar's compulsory membership has also come under intense scrutiny, with the United States Supreme Court declaring it unconstitutional, because of concerns that it violates the First Amendment, and upholding the recently mandated voluntary membership program.

</doc>
<doc id="36743319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743319" title="Hornfels in Victorian archaeological sites">
Hornfels in Victorian archaeological sites

Hornfels is an unusual and relatively rare stone used in making flaked stone tools, and which is found in Aboriginal archaeological sites in Victoria, Australia. A sample of places where it has been found can be seen in the geographic section below.
The term has been used for "...a group of compact, fine-grained, metamorphic rocks that form as a result of contact between sedimentary country rocks and a magma intrusion". The mineral composition is variable, but commonly contains mica and pyroxene while porphyroblasts of pyroxene, cordierite or andulusite also develop. Sedimentary structures are raly evident due to a high degree of recrystallisation.

</doc>
<doc id="36743324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743324" title="Altar frontal from Tavèrnoles">
Altar frontal from Tavèrnoles

The Altar frontal from Tavèrnoles is Romanesque altar frontal exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
The altar from Sant Serni de Tavèrnoles stands out on account of its size, the composition and the subject depicted, a series of bishop saints.
The dimensions of this item are larger than is usual in known altar frontals. This suggested the possibility that it was a sarcophagus or an altarpiece, but the size and importance of the monastery it came from allowed large liturgical celebrations that would have required an altar of these proportions. The work depicts nine bishop saints, of which the central figure is possibly St Sernin, patron of the monastery the item comes from and bishop and martyr in Toulouse.
This subject is very uncommon in panel painting, which used to concentrate the decoration around a central figure and arrange the scenes or figures in registers. On the sides, which were obviously painted by a different artist, are the bishops Martin and Bricius, identified by inscriptions.
The little we know about this altar has made stylistic analysis of the frontal our main source of information and there are various interpretations of it. The stylisation of the figures and the ornamental effect of the almost seriated rhythm of the personages have associated it with the resources used in mural painting, while such aspects as the precision of the line in defining the drapery have linked it to the decoration characteristic of miniaturists. However, the work could have belonged to a workshop connected with La Seu d'Urgell, for which reason it has been installed - inside de Museum - in the apse of La Seu d'Urgell.

</doc>
<doc id="36743354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743354" title="Isabelle Sambou">
Isabelle Sambou

Isabelle Sambou (born 20 October 1980 in Mlomp Haer) is a Senegalese freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 48 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she advanced to the bronze medal match, where she was defeated by Carol Huynh.

</doc>
<doc id="36743387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743387" title="Puerto Rican Bar Association">
Puerto Rican Bar Association

The Puerto Rican Bar Association (PRBA) is a voluntary association of lawyers of Puerto Rican ethnicity or interest. It is to be distinguished from the Bar Association of Puerto Rico or "Colegio de Abogados de Puerto Rico", which is the bar association of Puerto Rico. 
History.
The earliest predecessor of today's PRBA was the Pan-American Lawyers' Association, organized around 1934. In the mid-1940s, the Spanish-American Bar Association was organized as a new organization which, in 1957, became the present day PRBA.

</doc>
<doc id="36743395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743395" title="List of works by Francis Skeat">
List of works by Francis Skeat

This is a list of works by Francis Skeat (born 1909), an English glass painter who created over 400 stained glass windows in churches and cathedrals, both in England and overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="36743404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743404" title="José Antonio Andrade">
José Antonio Andrade

José Antonio Andrade was a Peninsular Spanish Colonel who notably commanded royalist forces during the Mexican War of Independence. Amongst his more famous battles, he commanded troops in the Siege of Cuautla and the Capture of Orizaba, neither of which resulted in victory for the Spanish Crown.

</doc>
<doc id="36743409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743409" title="Japanese long-eared bat">
Japanese long-eared bat

The Japanese Long-eared Bat (Plecotus sacrimontis) is endemic to Japan, where it is found in Hokkaido, Honshu and Shikoku. It has distinctive, long ears, hence its Japanese name, the 'rabbit bat'. Formerly included as a subspecies of the European bat "Plecotus auritus", genetic studies now indicate "Plecotus sacrimontis" is a separate species.
Physical description.
Japanese Long-eared Bats may be of two types, either dark or pale, but in each case predominantly grey. The ears are considerably larger than the head. 
Habitat.
The bats roost in caves, tunnels and buildings. Maternity colonies are found from April to August.

</doc>
<doc id="36743411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743411" title="Ahmed Toufiq Hejira">
Ahmed Toufiq Hejira

Ahmed Toufiq Hejira or Hjira ( – born 1959, Oujda) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party. Between 2007 and 2012, he held the position of Minister of Housing and Urbanism in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. He holds a bachelor in economics from the university of Mohammed V.

</doc>
<doc id="36743413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743413" title="Daniel Paterson">
Daniel Paterson

Daniel Paterson (1739–1825) was a British army officer and cartographer, known for his books of road maps.
Life.
Paterson was gazetted an ensign in the 30th Foot on 13 December 1765, promoted to be a lieutenant on 8 May 1772, and to a captaincy in the 36th Foot on 11 July 1783. He became a major in the army on 1 March 1794, and a lieutenant-colonel on 1 January 1798.
For many years Paterson was an assistant to the Quartermaster-General to the Forces, based at the Horse Guards, London. On 31 December 1812 he was made Lieutenant Governor of Quebec, a sinecure, and held the appointment for the rest of his life. He died at the residence of his friend, Colonel Dare, on Clewer Green, near Windsor, in April 1825, and was buried at Clewer on 21 April.
Works.
In 1771 Paterson published the first edition of his "Road Book". The work was dedicated to George Morrison, the Quartermaster-General to the Forces, and became well known in the British Army, for its official distances of military marches. The second edition was called "Paterson's British Itinerary: being a new and accurate Delineation and Description of the Roads of Great Britain", 1776,; the third edition reverted to the original title.
Edward Mogg brought out a 16th edition of Paterson's "Roads" under the impression that the author was dead, in 1822. The 18th and last edition came out in 1829. Paterson also wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="36743430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743430" title="William Smith, 4th Viscount Hambleden">
William Smith, 4th Viscount Hambleden

William Herbert "Harry" Smith, 4th Viscount Hambleden (2 April 1930 – 2 August 2012), was a British peer and descendant of the founders of the stationery group W H Smith. 
Life and family.
Smith was the son of William Smith, 3rd Viscount Hambleden, and his wife, Patricia "née" Herbert, a descendant of the Earls of Pembroke and the Vorontsov family. He was educated at Eton College, Windsor, Berkshire. He succeeded to the title of 4th Viscount Hambleden upon the death of his father in 1948.
Smith married Countess Maria Carmela Attolico di Adelfia in 1955, and the couple had five sons:
Following the couple's divorce in 1988, Smith married Lesley Watson and lived in America, while his first wife continued to live in the Manor House in Hambleden, Buckinghamshire, England. He sold off most of the family estate in 2007.
Smith died of cancer on 2 August 2012 at his home in Reno, Nevada, at the age of 82. His funeral was held on 31 August 2012 at St. Mary the Virgin, Hambleden. Upon his death, his eldest son succeeded to his title.

</doc>
<doc id="36743442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743442" title="Hanoi (novel)">
Hanoi (novel)

Hanoi is the fifteenth novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series of spy novels. Carter is a US secret agent, code-named N-3, with the rank of Killmaster. He works for AXE – a secret arm of the US intelligence services. 
Publishing history.
The book was first published in 1966 (Number A182F) by Award Books part of the Beacon-Signal division of Universal Publishing and Distributing Corporation (New York, USA), part of the Conde Nast Publications Inc. The novel was written by Valerie Moolman. Copyright was registered on 1 February 1966.
Tagline.
In the hot-spot capitol of North Vietnam, Killmaster is caught in the mesh of a deadly plan to dominate the world!
Plot summary.
Officers of the US Special Forces discover a secret camp in North Vietnam near Hanoi. The camp is guarded by Chinese soldiers and houses a group of German scientists, led by Ulric Krutch, who are working on a top secret rocket programme. 
A new rocket has been perfected that can deliver a payload into earth orbit. The team of scientists is waiting for Dr Erich Burgdorf to arrive from Buenos Aires with plans for a triggering device that will release a secondary component carrying a secret payload after the rocket has reached orbit. 
When it is discovered that none of the scientists has ever met Burgdorf, secret agent Nick Carter is sent to impersonate Burgdorf, infiltrate the camp and neutralize the rocket programme. 
Carter parachutes into North Vietnam and enters Hanoi disguised as a peasant on his way to market. There he impersonates Anton Zavodna – a locally known Czechoslovak diplomat and spy. As Zavodna, Carter keeps watch at the airport and observes Burgdorf arriving on a Chinese cargo flight disguised as a crew member. Carter intercepts Burgdorf and convinces him that the expected arrangements have been altered at the last minute and that Carter will help him deliver the plans. Burgdorf accompanies Carter and is promptly captured and transported to Saigon for interrogation by AXE agents. Carter quickly learns about triggering devices from AXE specialists and returns to the camp posing as Burgdorf. 
Carter learns that the secondary capsule contains an array of small steel balls containing Metaplast - a type of radioactive explosive that will be jettisoned to create an orbiting minefield. The group's first target is Petrovsk I - a Russian space mission - scheduled to launch in the next few days. In this way, Krutch intends to blackmail Russia and America by jeopardizing the safety of all future space missions unless his demands are met. 
Krutch and scientists Wulff and Wiesner do not entirely trust Burgdorf and keep him under close surveillance. Ilse Benz (Wiesner's step-daughter) and Lin Suy are used to try to trap Carter into revealing himself as an imposter. 
As the rocket assembly nears completion Carter tries to sabotage the launch. He sends a coded message to the Green Berets to attack the base. Carter kills all the off duty guards in their barracks by gassing them with Pierre – the poison gas bomb. Then he dupes many of the remaining guards into accepting exploding cigars primed to explode within 90 seconds. With a 10,000-watt laser pistol (smuggled into the camp disguised as one half of a pair of binoculars) Carter breaks into the ammunition store and plants bombs. However, Carter is unable to damage the missile itself or the Metaplast which is held in an armored vault prior to loading into the rocket. Instead he single-handedly destroys the rocket command center. The Green Berets arrive to destroy the rocket and the Metaplast. Wiesner, Ilse Benz and Lin Suy are captured and taken to the US for debriefing. 
After the mission is complete Carter makes love to Ilse Benz in his New York apartment. 

</doc>
<doc id="36743467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743467" title="Perumandla Sankeesa">
Perumandla Sankeesa

Perumandla Sankeesa is village in Dornakal mandal, Warangal District, Andhra Pradesh. It is 20 km from Khammam town.
This village has a history of more than 200 years. This village is associates with a thanda. That is Bodarai Thanda. Its population is about 5000.
There are two temples in the village of Lord Rama and Lord Shiva. Lord Rama temple was constructed by the Kakatiya Emperors. and has a history of more than 500 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36743470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743470" title="Ryan Airlines">
Ryan Airlines

Ryan Airlines may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743481" title="José Gabriel de Armijo">
José Gabriel de Armijo

José Gabriel de Armijo (1774–1830) was a Spanish and Mexican military commander of caudillo origin known for his role in the Mexican War of Independence.
Biography.
José Gabriel was born in San Nicolás de Tierranueva, San Luis Potosí in 1774. On 16 October 1795, he enters the historical chronicle when he joined the militia of the State of San Luis Potosí as a dragoon sergeant.
He later was a part of the military corps under the command of General Félix María Calleja del Rey, who would later become Viceroy of New Spain, at the outbreak of the Mexican War of Independence. Under Calleja's command, Armijo participated in the Battle of Aculco, the Battle of Guanajuato and the Battle of the Puente de Calderón.
He went on to gain his own command within the Spanish royalist army until the formal independence of Mexico. In 1812, he again served in Calleja's army commanding forces at the Siege of Cuautla.
On 30 September 1818, the fought against the Mexican rebels under the command of future Mexican president Vicente Guerrero at the Battle of the Cerro de Barrabás, a Spanish defeat.
In 1821, he signed on to the Plan of Iguala and joined the Army of the Three Guarantees. During the First Mexican Empire, he fought in the Battle of Almolonga on the side of Agustin de Iturbide and the imperialists against the republican rebels. In this battle, he defeated the rebel army under the command of his old adversaries, Vicente Guerrero and Nicolás Bravo
On 11 March 1830, when Juan José Codallos Núñez proclaimed the Plan of the Fortaleza de Santiago, he was ordered to do battle against Col. Juan Nepomuceno Álvarez Hurtado On 30 August of the same year, he was defeated at the Battle of Texca by the federalist forces under Álvarez Hurtado. Whilst fleeing the field of battle, he was caught by Álvarez' pursuing troops in a gully and was hacked to death shortly there after.
In Popular Culture.
José Gabriel de Armijo has been portrayed in various movies and books as he is a character that is significant in Mexican history. In 1943, he was played by Antonio Bravo in the film El rayo del sur. In 2010, he was played by Felipe Nájera in the Mexican TV show "Gritos de muerte y libertad". He appears in the episode titled "La última conjura".

</doc>
<doc id="36743510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743510" title="Lvzbel">
Lvzbel

Lvzbel is a Mexican heavy metal band from Mexico City, Mexico. The band was formed by Arturo Huizar in 1998. The band was created after the break up of Luzbel due to differences between Raul Greñas, guitarist and founder of Luzbel, and vocalist Huizar. The change of the "u" to a "v" was due to legal issues with Greñas. Huizar, and many fans, consider Lvzbel as a continuation of Luzbel. Huizar is able to perform old Luzbel songs in shows because he wrote most of them; even old Luzbel albums are shown in the band's website as part of their discography.
Biography.
After legal problems with the name and personal differences with Huizar, Raul Fernandez Greñas disbanded Luzbel. In 1996 Arturo Huizar founded Lvzbel with Richard III as lead guitarist, Alejandro Vazquez on the drums (not on the recordings), Guillermo Elizarraras on the rhythm guitar, Carlos Hernandez on the bass, and Ivan Ramirez on the drums. After extensive production, Evangelio Nocturno was recorded in 1998. The album included songs like "Angel de Sodoma," "El Hambre" and "Bienvenidos al Apocalipsis." The album was received well by fans. In 1999 Lvzbel appeared performing songs from the old band in Vivo y Desnudo Vol 1 and Vol 2, an album recorded live at the Rockotitlán music festival. Lvzbel composed the soundtrack of the film Guerrero Callejero and released an album called Pistas Musicales, the latter which disappointed many fans as it turned out to be a remake of his previous album. In 2000 they released Tiempo De La Bestia, with a great deal of distribution in Mexico, Central America, South America and the southern United States. In the spring of 2004 tribute album to Judas Priest was released. Among the covers are, Painkiller, Ram it Down, Breaking the Law and other popular Judas Priest songs. In 2007 they released "Tentaciones", a conceptual album of the 7 Deadly Sins. For "Tentaciones", Huizar was able to reunite the old Luzbel band, except Greñas, to participate in recording the album.

</doc>
<doc id="36743515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743515" title="Bodrai Thanda">
Bodrai Thanda

Bodrai Thanda is a village in Dornakal Mandal, Warangal district. It is near to Khammam town (about 20 km) and Dornakal Railway Junction also (30 km). The political leaders of this thanda are Banothu Nandha Naik and Tejavathu Raju Naik and Banothu Amersingh Naik.
The population is nearly about 2000. The thanda itself consists of 7 more small sub-thanda's. In that 7 thanda's "Chatru Thanda" famous one. This thanda is established by Chatru Naik. He also participated in the independence movement in 1940–1947 for India.

</doc>
<doc id="36743525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743525" title="Monterey '66">
Monterey '66

"Monterey '66" is a live album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1966 at the Monterey Jazz Festival but not released on the Verve label until 1994. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars with its review by Al Campbell stating, "All compositions are Weston originals and feature a strong African thematic influence. The 25-minute heated finale is the percussion laden "African Cookbook," in which everyone contributes strong and inspired soloing". The JazzTimes review by Bill Shoemaker said "In a program containing some of Weston's most well-loved compositions "Monterey '66" reveals the working of one of the great unherealded bands of the '60s and the sublime chemistry that existed between Weston and Booker Ervin". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston"

</doc>
<doc id="36743537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743537" title="John Cary (disambiguation)">
John Cary (disambiguation)

John Cary may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743541" title="Rehearsal Demo Nov 11 2011">
Rehearsal Demo Nov 11 2011

Rehearsal Demo Nov 11 2011 was recorded by Sunn O))) at Southern Lord Caves in Los Angeles on November 11, 2011. It was mixed at 10 R. D. Montiboeufs in Paris, January 12, and was mastered by Brad Boatright. This album was a split release by Ideologic Organ & Southern Lord Recordings and was an edition of 1,500 copies on black vinyl. This album was only available on the band's June 2012 European tour and September 2012 US East Coast tour. "Samples: "Posetitel muzeya" Lopushansky 1989."

</doc>
<doc id="36743562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743562" title="John Cary (valet)">
John Cary (valet)

John Cary (August 1729 - 2 June 1843) was the colored servant of American Revolutionary War General George Washington.
Cary was born in Westmoreland County, Virginia, in August 1729 snd died in Washington, D.C., 2 June 1843. He was with his master in the old French war at Braddock's defeat, and accompanied him through the revolutionary struggle.

</doc>
<doc id="36743566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743566" title="Isonotholaenic acid">
Isonotholaenic acid

Isonotholaenic acid is a dihydrostilbenoid found in the Andean fern "Argyrochosma nivea" (formerly "Notholaena nivea"). This compound shows an anti-chagasic activity.

</doc>
<doc id="36743568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743568" title="Charles K. Hamilton">
Charles K. Hamilton

Charles Keeney Hamilton (1881 or June 1885 – January 22, 1914) was an American pioneer aviator nicknamed the "crazy man of the air". He was, in the words of the U.S. Centennial of Flight Commission, "known for his dangerous dives, spectacular crashes, extensive reconstructive surgeries, and ever present cigarette" and was "frequently drunk". He survived over 60 crashes.
Biography.
Hamilton was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He was a hot air balloonist and parachute jumper at fairs and circuses at the age of 18. Three years later, he became friends with aeronautical engineer and aviator A. Roy Knabenshue and began piloting dirigibles. On the day Louis Bleriot flew the English Channel, July 25, 1909, Hamilton was sailing his own airship across the Bay of Osaka in Japan.
In late 1909, he started taking flying lessons from Glenn Curtiss. He joined Curtiss's exhibition team and quickly acquired fame and a nationwide reputation as a daredevil flyer. In December, he flew at St. Joseph and outside St. Louis, Missouri, before participating in the 1910 Los Angeles International Air Meet at Dominguez Field, the first major airshow in the United States, which ran from January 10–20, 1910. He then embarked on an 11-city, two-month exhibition tour across the American Southwest, starting at Phoenix, Arizona and ending in San Diego, California. On February 19, Hamilton became the first to fly an airplane in Tucson, Arizona. In San Diego, he became just the third American flier to remain aloft for at least an hour, crossing the ocean to Mexico and back.
Hamilton became the first to fly in the state of Washington, when he piloted the Reims Racer over Seattle on March 11. The very next day, he went up again, drunk, and "Swooping like a rapacious bird from a height of 500 feet "m", the Curtiss biplane, with Charles K. Hamilton, dived into the newly formed lake at The Meadows". He had to be fished out of the lake, but suffered only minor injuries. 
Undaunted, he flew at Tacoma, Washington, and crossed the border to become the "First Air Visitor to Vancouver, B.C." on March 25. He participated in an air meet in Spokane, Washington between April 1–3. On April 9, he flew over Mercer Island and Lake Washington.
In San Antonio, Texas, he set a record for the quickest takeoff: in 3.8 seconds, breaking Glenn Curtiss's mark of in 5.25 seconds. In May, he performed in Atlanta and Augusta, Georgia, before heading to Mineola, New York, Curtiss's headquarters.
On June 13, 1910, Hamilton won a prize of $10,000, sponsored by "The New York Times" and the "Philadelphia Public Ledger", for being the first to fly from New York to Philadelphia and back. He departed from Governors Island in New York harbor at 7:30 am and reached Philadelphia at 9:26 am. With a stopover in Philadelphia, the round trip took a little over 11 hours, at an average speed of nearly . 
He received a hero's welcome in his hometown of New Britain, and, on July 2, 1910, made "the first public flight in the State" there. It was also the first in New England. 
Between June and August, he performed at Knoxville, Nashville and Atlantic City. In Nashville, he made the first night flight in America, remaining aloft 25 minutes before developing engine trouble.
When Hamilton fell behind on payments, Glenn Curtiss repossessed the Reims Racer. Hamilton then had a new airplane built by Walter Christie, who had a car and engine factory in Manhattan. Finished on August 31, it was reputed to have the most powerful airplane engine yet, boasting 110 hp. Hamilton named his new airplane the "Hamiltonian". In September, however, the Hamiltonian stalled and crashed during a demonstration flight outside Sacramento, California; Hamilton was "badly cut, bruised and burned", but was flying again in a week. "On September 28, he was issued American pilot license no. 12."
He then joined John Moisant's exhibition team, performing with them in Richmond, Chattanooga and Memphis. In Memphis, he broke his own speed record of by going . In February 1911, he and Moisant parted company, with Moisant keeping his airplane. He pioneered flying in Cleveland in October 1911, piloting a Curtis biplane.
Hamilton died of tuberculosis or "a lung hemorrhage after a long bout with tuberculosis" on January 22, 1914. He was buried in Hartford, Connecticut on January 26. Those familiar with his short career claimed he had earned a quarter of a million dollars, but he died almost broke.

</doc>
<doc id="36743572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743572" title="Santa Eulària des Riu (Municipality)">
Santa Eulària des Riu (Municipality)

Santa Eulària des Riu (, ) is a municipality on the eastern coast of Ibiza. The total number of inhabitants in the municipality (2010) is 32,637. 
The municipality encompasses the following towns and villages:
Local Government.
The current Mayor of Santa Eulària des Riu is Vicente Alejandro Marí Torres (Partit Popular (Espanya)) (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="36743597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743597" title="Cajun Justice">
Cajun Justice

Cajun Justice is an American reality television series on A&E. The series debuted on June 7, 2012.
Despite season one averaging 1.5 million viewers an episode, the new head sheriff, Jerry Larpenter, doesn't agree with the way the series represents his city. Mark Kadin, executive producer, attempted to keep the show within the city, and A&E agreed to increase the payment from $1,500 an episode to $10,000 an episode. Larpenter declined the offer and Kadin is in the process of relocating the successful series. 
The Louisiana Auditor's Office reviewed former Sheriff Vernon Bourgeois's spending in relation to 'Cajun Justice' in January 2013. 
Plot summary.
The show focuses on the experiences of the Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana Sheriff's Office. The show features most members of the sheriff's office, and also has members of the SWAT team, and other law enforcement agencies on the show. Sheriff Vernon Bourgeois and his deputies arrest, and deal with numerous suspects, criminals, and other citizens. They often have to solve disputes between neighbors, or have to catch people doing illegal acts on the bayou, such as illegally hunting alligators, among other things.

</doc>
<doc id="36743600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743600" title="Madeenathul Uloom Arabic College">
Madeenathul Uloom Arabic College

Madeenathul Uloom Arabic College كلية مدينة العلوم العربية والإسلامية () is an Arabic college affiliated to University of Calicut located at Pulikkal, in Malappuram district, Kerala.
The college is offering afzal ul ulama preliminary, BA (Afzal ul Ulama) and MA in Arabic.
Academic.
The college offers 2 years Afzal ul ulama preliminary, a three-year B.A Afzal ul ulama course and a two-year M.A (Post Afzal ul ulama) course.
Location.
Pulikkal, Malppuram, Kerala

</doc>
<doc id="36743668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743668" title="Australasian Sketcher with Pen and Pencil">
Australasian Sketcher with Pen and Pencil

The Australasian Sketcher with Pen and Pencil was a monthly magazine published by the proprietors of "The Argus" between 1873 and 1889. 
It was issued at monthly intervals according to shipping movements between Australia and Britain. The magazine contained many illustrations, engravings, and articles which capture "the picturesque phases of our public and social life of notable objects and events in Australia and New Zealand". It provides an important pictorial account of life in the colonies before the widespread use of photography. The "Sketcher" employed many prominent artists, including political cartoonist Tom Carrington and illustrator Julian Ashton, and published Arthur Streeton's first black and white work on 24 January 1889. In 1880 it briefly moved to a fortnightly publication which lasted until 1882 before returning to a monthly journal. In 1889, it merged with "The Australasian".

</doc>
<doc id="36743672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743672" title="Mohamed Boussaid">
Mohamed Boussaid

Mohamed Boussaid ( – born 26 September 1961 Fes) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents. Between 2007 and 2010, he held the position of Minister of Tourism and Crafts in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. Since 2010, he is "Wali" (governor) of the Souss-Massa-Drâa region.

</doc>
<doc id="36743685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743685" title="Moner">
Moner

Moner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743697" title="Taza Chocolate">
Taza Chocolate

Taza Chocolate is a chocolate manufacturer based in Somerville, MA, USA. The company produces stone ground, organic chocolate "from bean to bar", as well as other chocolate related foods. Their main product is a Mexican-style table chocolate (chocolate para mesa), used to make hot cocoa.
Founding.
In 2005, Taza Chocolate Founder, Alex Whitmore took his first bite of stone ground chocolate while traveling in Oaxaca, Mexico. He was so inspired by the rustic intensity that he decided to create a chocolate factory back home in Somerville, MA. Alex apprenticed under a molinero in Oaxaca to learn how to hand-carve granite mill stones to make a new kind of American chocolate that is simply crafted, but seriously good.
The company and product.
Taza Chocolate has been noted for being economically, and environmentally sustainable, and for their focus on compensating growers fairly for their work.
A number of chefs have turned to Taza's products, utilizing the chocolates in their recipes. Several micro-brewers are also using Taza as an ingredient in their beers.
Reviews.
Critics and reviewers have often noted the unusual texture of the chocolates (which is from the stone-grinding). The flavor of the chocolate has been described as "fruity", and is sometimes compared to flavors found in wines.
In the February 2009 issue of Gourmet magazine, Charles Kelsey wrote, "On the palate, Taza chocolate is wild. It buzzes, slaps, and sings with an exotic, winy complexity. Most intriguing is its coarse, faintly gritty texture. At first it's slightly off-putting. But when the tiny granules - pieces of cacao bean - start flashing on your tongue, they hit it with intense nutty, citrus flavors."
In the October 15, 2008 edition of Wine Spectator, Owen Dugan commented, "I also liked Taza Chocolate... Forget about the texture - these guys stone-grind the beans. Yep, stone-grind. Why? the simple answer is, because they're crazy. But they claim that they get more fruit out of the beans by refining less. Typically, there's a sweet spot in chocolate production- perfect texture and peak flavor at the same time... Bottom line; If you can get past the graininess you do get a very fruity (I tasted kirsch in the 80 percent bar) but also rustically chocolaty bar, at both 70 and 80 percent"
Products.
Taza sells a variety of chocolates in bars and discs.
The bars include:
The discs include:
Other items include:

</doc>
<doc id="36743700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743700" title="Corps colours (Waffen-SS)">
Corps colours (Waffen-SS)

Corps colours, or Troop-function colours (ge: "Waffenfarbe(n)") were means the German Waffen-SS used to distinguish between different branches of service, corps, services or troop functions.
The scheme of colors to indicate troop types was similar to that of the Wehrmacht Heer (German Army) from 1935 to 1945. The colours appeared mainly on the piping around the shoulder boards showing a soldier’s rank.
The table below contains some corps colours used by the SS from 1938-45.

</doc>
<doc id="36743718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743718" title="Juel">
Juel

Juel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743738" title="Evangelio Nocturno">
Evangelio Nocturno

Evangelio Nocturno is the first release of Mexican heavy metal band Lvzbel. After the break up of Luzbel, Arturo Huizar, former vocalist, created Lvzbel with the intention of continuing with his career. The album was well received by fans.

</doc>
<doc id="36743740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743740" title="William Walters">
William Walters

William Walters, Bill Walters, or Billy Walters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743745" title="Tuula Väätäinen">
Tuula Väätäinen

Tuula Anneli Väätäinen (born October 2, 1955 in Maaninka) is a Finnish politician. She has served as a member of parliament for the Social Democratic Party of Finland in the 2003, 2007 and 2011 elections. She currently lives in Siilinjärvi and has been involved with its municipal council since 1992. She initially trained as a nurse, and has worked as a family therapist.

</doc>
<doc id="36743755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743755" title="Mekong River massacre">
Mekong River massacre

The Mekong River massacre occurred in the morning of 5 October 2011, when two Chinese cargo ships were attacked on a stretch of the Mekong River in the lawless Golden Triangle area of Southeast Asia. All 13 crew members on the two ships were killed and dumped in the river. It is the deadliest attack on Chinese nationals abroad in modern times. In response China temporarily suspended shipping on the Mekong, and reached agreement with Myanmar (Burma), Thailand, and Laos to jointly patrol the river. The event was also the impetus for the Naypyidaw Declaration and other anti-drug cooperation efforts in the region. 
Background.
The Mekong is a major waterway of Southeast Asia. It originates in China, where it is called the Lancang River, and flows through Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Cambodia, and Vietnam, where it empties into the South China Sea. It is a major trading route between China's southwestern Yunnan Province and the countries of Southeast Asia. However, after leaving China the river flows through the Golden Triangle area where the borders of Myanmar, Thailand, and Laos meet. The region has long been plagued by lawlessness and is notorious for drug smuggling. An owner of one of the hijacked ships stated that almost every Chinese boat in the area had been robbed by river gangs.
Incident.
According to the crew of a different boat who witnessed the attack, about eight gunmen stormed the Chinese cargo ships "Hua Ping" and "Yu Xing 8" in the morning of 5 October 2011. The hijacking reportedly occurred in Burmese waters. Later during the day Thai river police in the northernmost Chiang Rai Province recovered the ships after a gunfight, and found about 900,000 amphetamine pills worth more than US$3 million. The bodies of the Chinese crew members were later retrieved from the river. They had been shot or stabbed, and some had been bound or blindfolded.
Investigation.
According to the police chief of Chiang Rai Province, drug gangs demand protection money from boats on the Mekong and sometimes hijack them to transport illegal goods. The police suspected from the beginning that the mastermind of the massacre was Naw Kham (also spelled Nor Kham), an ethnic Shan Burmese national in his forties, who is an alleged drug lord and pirate in the Golden Triangle. He is believed to be a former aide of the notorious drug kingpin Khun Sa, and leader of a gang with more than 100 members who had been involved in drug trafficking, kidnapping, murder, and piracy along the Mekong for years.
However, further investigations also implicated nine Thai soldiers belonging to an elite anti-narcotics army unit. They are under arrest and awaiting trial.
After a long manhunt involving Chinese and Thai authorities, in late April 2012 Lao security forces captured Naw Kham in Bokeo Province and extradited him to China in May. Naw Kham has since admitted to Chinese authorities that he was responsible for the massacre, while Burma plans to extradite to China Naw Kham's aide who is believed to possess key information about the attack.
Criminal justice.
On 6 November 2012 China's Intermediate People's Court of Kunming, Yunnan sentenced Naw Kham and three of his subordinates to death. Two others, Zha Bo and Zha Tuobo, were given a death sentence with reprieve and eight years in prison, respectively. The six defendants were fined a total of 6,000,000 Yuan ($960,000). Approximately 300 spectators were present at the verdict, including relatives of the victims, media, and diplomats from Laos and Thailand. The death sentences were carried out on March 1st, 2013.
Reactions.
The massacre sparked outrage among the Chinese public; China temporarily suspended all Chinese shipping on the Mekong. In December 2011 China, Burma, Laos, and Thailand began joint patrols on the Mekong after a security agreement was reached among the four countries, with more than 200 Chinese border police from Yunnan Province taking part. It is the first such joint deployment in Southeast Asia, and is seen as an expansion of China's growing role in regional security.
Further attacks.
On 4 January 2012, a Burmese patrol boat and four Chinese cargo ships were attacked on the Mekong in Burma. Several grenades were fired, possibly from M79 grenade launchers, but all missed the boats.

</doc>
<doc id="36743773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743773" title="William Hulle">
William Hulle

William Hulle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36743779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743779" title="Roger Leir">
Roger Leir

Roger K. Leir, D.P.M., (1934 – March 14, 2014) was a podiatric surgeon and ufologist best known as an investigator of alien implants. Leir appeared frequently on television and talk radio programs devoted to ufology.
Claims.
Leir said he had removed about a dozen implants from people's bodies and claimed they were devices that "emit radio signals." Leir alleged that implants had moved by themselves during surgery as if to avoid removal. Leir said that laboratory testing of the implants implied they were of extraterrestrial origin.
Criticism.
Skeptical investigator Joe Nickell said that the alleged implants appeared to be ordinary objects such as shards of glass or fragments of metal that become lodged in arms, hands, legs and feet due to accidental falls or barefoot walking. Nickell said that Leir's associate, Derrel Sims, refused to cooperate when asked to provide a forensic medical institute with specimens or photos for analysis.
Death.
Leir died on March 14, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36743790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743790" title="List of works by Arnold Wathen Robinson">
List of works by Arnold Wathen Robinson

List of works by Arnold Wathen Robinson includes information about some of the works of British stained glass artist Arnold Wathen Robinson. His works were, with just a few exceptions, conducted for churches.

</doc>
<doc id="36743794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743794" title="Johan Neerman">
Johan Neerman

Johan Neerman (born in Kortrijk, on 24 May 1959) is a Belgian architect, industrial designer and systems thinker.
He works with naval architecture, appropriate technology, transport design, cultural concepts and arts, systems thinking.
Early life.
Johan Neerman was born in 1959 in Belgium (Kortrijk). His father, Philippe Neerman, was Belgian industrial designer.
Johan studied architecture at the Institut Supérieur d'Architecture Victor Horta in Brussels (1980–1985). During his studies he did a thesis on applied systems theory with Professor Paul Tahon, ergonomist. He joined the Kiyonori Kikutake office in Tokyo in 1985 and after 1 year joined the army and went to USA. There he studied at Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He studied Social Systems Sciences under the guidance of Professor Hasan Ozbekhan. During those years he focused on Chaos Theory. He worked on his research with Michele Sanglier and Ilya Prigogine.
Experience.
Worked on architectural and transport systems projects with IDPO Ph Neerman. After in 1999 he took over family business. Neerman is a member of organizations: the Scientific committee of ISD Valenciennes, FIA, BBCBC, Brussels Town Planning Federation (FBU) and the UDB. He has been teaching as a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Belarus in 2000.
Johan Neerman worked on wide variety of projects from transport systems to naval architecture. In 1995 he totally renovate Chàteau de Pierrefitte and all included buildings. His next project was the Poil Municipality.
Transport Systems.
He joined the family design office, IDPO Ph Neerman, from 1992. Worked on a cable-pulled system (SK), for Aéroport de Paris with Paul Andreu and the Citadis tram range Alstom Citadis. From 1995 until 1998 he worked on upgrading of the Brussels Metro sixth generation vehicles. Neerman directed the partnership with Breda-Firema, the creation of the double-decker coaches (M6 types) for the SNCB Competition. He participated in the RATP competition for the MF 2000. He later participated in the Barcelona concept and took out a patent for design.
Johan Neerman worked for Peugeot for about two years, doing design studies for the 2007-2009 car range.
In 2000 he designed a low-draft fast ferry boat for Royal Denship in Denmark with the naval architect Herward Oehlmann.
Naval Design.
Johan Neerman worked on different naval designs in collaboration with German Naval architect Herward Oehlmann. Johan Neerman designed a low-draft ferry boat for Royal denship in Denmark in 2000. The boat carry 366 passengers and 45 metres long. The main idea was to give the ferry boat a private yacht look. The ferry boat is about 45 metres long. His next work "Trimaran" is 99 metres long and 45 metres wide with a cruising speed of 35 knots and autonomy of 7500 nautical miles.
The entire ship is designed like a PlayStation, where inside and outside spaces contribute to the playfulness of open, semi-closed and open spaces. The length of the ship was determined by the wish to integrate the tender for 36 people and crew in the stern of the rear central hull part and to allow harboring of the tender while the master ship cruises and 30 knots inside the main hull. The length of the boat also allowed any steps to be avoided, making use only of slopes. All glass windows are bullet-proof and the hull has been compartmentalized. Ship is able to stay afloat and remain as light as possible.
Furniture.
In 1994 he designed a new display case concept "Ice Cube Gliding Furniture System". It's involves attachment to a ceiling of rails or fixed anchoring points. The rails are drawn steel profiles and are made in Austria. Electricity, sound systems (emergency) lighting systems an alarm systems are built into the ceilings. The suspended display cases can be moved manually or by remote control. The light source itself is invisible and the system allows an object to be lit without its throwing a shadow. Ice Cube won the "1998 Provincial Prize for Artistic Craft and Industrial Design" for the province of West Flanders. The system is being applied in the Musical Instruments Museum
Many of his works were shown at:

</doc>
<doc id="36743798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743798" title="Thandukode">
Thandukode

Thandukode is a village beside Madumala in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala.
History.
People began to settle in this village in 1890s. Britishers cleared the madumala forest and planted the rubber tree. 85% of the population is Muslims, 10% Dalits and 5% others. 
Main Language spoken is Malayalam, literacy rate: 100%
Location.
The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport (67 km) and the nearest railway station is Vaniyambalam Railway Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="36743800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743800" title="Shine Australia">
Shine Australia

Shine Australia is an Australian production company based in Sydney and a division of Shine Group.
History.
In January 2010, Shine Australia was founded as a part of Shine Group, catering to the Australian and New Zealand market. It is jointly led by CEOs Mark Fennessy and Carl Fennessy, who had previously worked at FremantleMedia Australia and Crackerjack.

</doc>
<doc id="36743803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743803" title="Shut Down the Streets">
Shut Down the Streets

Shut Down The Streets is A.C. Newman's third solo album, released on October 9, 2012 on Matador Records.
Guest musicians include Neko Case.
The album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize on June 13, 2013. The album is a shortlisted nominee for the Juno Award for Adult Alternative Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36743810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743810" title="Such Gold">
Such Gold

Such Gold is a punk/melodic hardcore band from Rochester, New York, currently consisting of Ben Kotin on guitar/vocals, Nate Derby on guitar, Jon Markson on bass/vocals and Matt Covey on drums. Such Gold formed officially in 2009, and self-released “Demo 2009” in the Spring of that year.
The band signed to Mightier Than Sword Records in June 2009 and released a CD EP/7” titled “Stand Tall” in August 2009. 
In Spring 2010 Such Gold announced signing to 6131 Records and recorded their new CD EP/12”, titled “Pedestals” ; “Pedestals” was released digitally in September 2010, and physically in November 2010.
A series of split 7”s were announced in early 2011, including a split with Into It. Over It., released in May 2011 and a split with A Loss for Words, released November 2011. The splits were released as a collaboration between Mightier Than Sword Records and No Sleep Records, with the A Loss For Words split also being released on CD in Japan via Ice Grill$ Records.
Such Gold has toured the US extensively, have toured in Australia, Japan, UK/EU, Canada and Costa Rica, and have played a number of festivals including The Fest, Sound and Fury, Bled Fest, SXSW, Fragile Joe's House of Metal Fest, Blood Sweat and Beers and Groezrock.
The band signed to Razor & Tie records in July 2011, and announced a full-length to be released some time in 2012. In January 2012, Such Gold traveled to Los Angeles, CA to record with highly-acclaimed producer Steve Evetts. The full-length is titled “Misadventures” and was released August 14th 2012.
In June 2013, it was announced that Skylar Sarkis left the band. Singer Ben Kotin has taken over on guitar.
"Misadventures" reached #6 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
In May 2014, the band announced the departure of drummer and founding member Devan Bentley, to be replaced by former Shai Hulud drummer, Matt Covey. Such Gold also announced they had entered The Blasting Room with producer Bill Stevenson to record their follow-up LP to 2012's "Misadventures". 

</doc>
<doc id="36743812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743812" title="María Teresa Andruetto">
María Teresa Andruetto

Maria Teresa Andruetto (born 26 January 1954) is an Argentine writer. She has written poems, novels, drama and children's books. For her "lasting contribution to children's literature" she received the biennial Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 2012.
Life.
Andruetto was born in Arroyo Cabral, Argentina, to parents of Piedmontese Italian descent. She spent her childhood in the town Oliva, Córdoba. She is trained as a teacher and has worked in both primary and secondary schools. She has two daughters and lives with her husband in an area of the Sierras de Córdoba.
Writer.
The construction of the individual and the social identity, the aftermath of the dictatorship in her country, and the feminine world are some of the main focuses in her work. Her books, read both by adults and young readers, break up generational barriers. She has published the novels "Tama" (Alción, 2003), "La mujer en cuestión" (DeBolsillo, 2009), and "Lengua Madre" (Mondadori, 2010), the short stories "Stefano" (Sudamericana, 2001), "Veladuras" (Norma, 2005), and "La niña, el corazón y la casa" (Sudamericana, 2001), the storybook "Todo movimiento es cacería" (Mondadori, 2012), the book of poems "Palabras al rescoldo" (1993), "Pavese" (1998), "Kodak" (2001), and "Beatriz" (2005) in Ediciones Argos, "Paves/Kodak" (Del dock, 2008), "Tendedero" (CILC, 2010), and "Sueño Americano" (Caballo negro, 2009), as well as numerous books for children and young readers, such as "El anillo encantado" (1993), "Huellas en la arena" (1998), "La mujer vampiro" (2001), "El País de Juan" (2005), "El árbol de lilas" (2006), "Trenes" (2009), "El incendio" (2009), "Campeón" (2010), "La durmiente" (2010), "Solgo" (2011), and "Miniaturas" (2011). Involved for thirty years in the field of children's literature, she has worked in the training of teachers and has founded centres of study and lecture programs. She is a guest professor at numerous facilities specialised in the formation of graduates and postgraduates and a guest author in congresses, seminars, exhibitions, and conferences, both in her home country and abroad.
She has obtained, due to her narrative, the awards Luis de Tejeda 1993, Fondo Nacional de las Artes 2002, and was finalist for the award Rómulo Gallegos in 2011 for her novel "Lengua Madre." Has been on the Honor List of IBBY, Premio Iberoamericano a la Trayectoria en Literature Infantil SM in 2009. She gathered her experience in literature workshops into two books realised in collaboration, "La escritura en el taller" (Anaya, 2008) and "El taller de escritura en la escuela" (Comunicarte, 2010), and her reflections in "Hacia una literatura sin adjetivos" (Comnuicarte, 2009). Her work has served as the foundation for the creation of other artists, and she has inspired works such as artist books, short films, poetic-musical performances, choreographies, storytelling shows, theatre adaptations, among others. Storytellers in Spain and Latin America narrate her stories and her books are a subject of study in Argentinian, American, and European universities. She moderates Blog de Narradoras Argentinas and co-leads a collection of argentinian narrators in Editorial Univeristaria EDUVIM. 
Andersen Award.
The biennial Hans Christian Andersen Award conferred by the International Board on Books for Young People is the highest recognition available to a writer or illustrator of children's books. Andruetto received the writing award in 2012.
The jury led by María Jesús Gil cited "her mastery in writing important and original works that are strongly focused on aesthetics. She creates sensitive books, which are deep and poetic with a clear literary base. Her books relate to a great variety of topics, such as migration, inner worlds, injustice, love, poverty, violence or political affairs."
Works.
Prose for adults.
Books
Anthologies
Prose for Children and Young Adults.
Books
Anthologies
Poetry.
Books
Anthologies
Theatre
Essay
Awards and Acknowledgments.
Throughout her career, she has received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="36743817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743817" title="Bükdeğirmeni, Silifke">
Bükdeğirmeni, Silifke

Bükdeğirmeni is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Göksu River. The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Bükdeğirmeni is 360 as of 2011. The population is composed of two different stocks. The anchestors of most people are from now abanded nearby village of Multay and they may be of Mongol origin from the 14th century. The anchestors of the second group are animal breeders from Anamur. Major economic activities are farming and animal breeding.

</doc>
<doc id="36743819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743819" title="Splitter ADSL">
Splitter ADSL

People have high expectations speed in phone calls and surf on line in an information area,so Development ADSL communication to improve this services.ADSL splitter have played a very important role in ADSL communications, It can reduce in the phone and surf on line troubles when you know about the ADSL splitter's technology.

</doc>
<doc id="36743820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743820" title="Evelyn Observer">
Evelyn Observer

The Evelyn Observer was a weekly newspaper released from 1873 to 1942 in the north-east area of Melbourne, Australia. It was first published on 31 October in 1873 from an out of school house at Kangaroo Ground. Andrew Ross, the district's first school master and hotel-keeper was the Observer’s first proprietor and he enlisted the help of a printer, John Rossiter who also became the first editor. The earliest surviving issue is 15 October 1875, held at the State Library of Victoria. 
The newspaper covered the subjects of agriculture and mining as well as horticulture in later years and was usually four pages in length and cost between two to three pence. Robert Charles Harris became the proprietor and editor from 1885 and continued in this role until his death in 1921, only four years after he relocated the newspaper to the new railway at Hurstbridge. While the newspaper continued under abridged titles of the Hurstbridge and then Eltham Advertiser, it was overtaken by other titles across the Diamond Valley and ceased publication in 1942. 

</doc>
<doc id="36743823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743823" title="Bayındır, Silifke">
Bayındır, Silifke

Bayındır is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Bayındır is 145 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36743834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743834" title="Bahçederesi">
Bahçederesi

Bahçederesi is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Bahçederesi is 133 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36743842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743842" title="Çeltikçi, Silifke">
Çeltikçi, Silifke

Çeltikçi is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in delta of Göksu River. The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Çeltikçi is 297 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36743844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743844" title="Bahçe, Silifke">
Bahçe, Silifke

Bahçe (or Bahçeköy) is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the delta of Göksu River. The distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Bahçe is 229 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36743847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743847" title="Serat Centhini">
Serat Centhini

Serat Centhini is a twelve volume compilation of Javanese tales and teachings, written in verse and published in 1814. The work was commissioned, directed and partially written by Crown Prince Mangkunegoro, later enthroned as Pakubuwono V of Surakarta, with contributions from three court poets from different palaces.
Historical Period.
The events depicted in Serat Centhini take place in the 1630s, when Sultan Agung of Mataram's army captured the city of Giri Kedaton in Gresik, East Java, after a siege.
Giri Kedaton had religious school that was founded by Sunan Giri, one of the Wali Sanga. The school grew and became famous as a center of Muslim teaching, which gave it political influence in the surrounding region. It attracted learners from multiple societal groups and from regions as far away as Ternate Sultanate.
Giri Kedaton reached the peak of its influence under Sunan Giri Prapen who ruled it from 1548–1605. Sultan Agung of the larger Mataram Sultanate regarded this as a threat, so in 1630 he sent an army under his brother-in-law, Pangeran Pekik to capture Giri Kedaton. Giri Kedaton finally surrendered in 1636. Sunan Giri Prapen was captured and brought to Mataram's capital Kota Gede, known today as Yogyakarta.
The main characters of Serat Centhini are Sunan Giri Prapen's three young children who escape Giri Kedaton overnight, hours before the city falls to the army from Mataram. The children become separated in the confusion as inhabitants flee the city. They each spend several years wandering around Java, only to be re-united many years later.
Main Characters.
The main characters of the story are:
Story Outline.
The Centhini story is separated by phases of its characters' lives (pre-adulthood, adulthood and post-adulthood) and by the adventures of each character (Jayengresmi, Jayengsari, Rancangkapti and Mas Cabolang).
In the pre-adulthood journey, geographic locations still can be identified on the real-world map. But in the post-adulthood journeys, the locations become mystical and imaginary, as though in a different realm. The mixture of real-world and imaginary locations is similar to that of Homer's Odyssey.
Whilst adults the characters change their names to avoid capture by Sultan Agung's spies.
Pre-Adulthood journey.
After fleeing the conquered city the oldest son, Jayengresmi wanders in the southern part of Java and then to its westernmost part The second son, Jayengsari, and his sister, Rancangkapti, flee to the east, later travelling by ship to central Java.
Journey of Jayengresmi
Jayengresmi's travels take him and his servants Gathak and Gathuk through mountainous terrain where hermits live. 
Their journey passes through historic areas including: 
Journey of Jayengsari and Rancangkapti 
Jayengsari and Rancangkapti are accompanied by their servant Buras. They visit the sites of old Javanese kingdoms and learn legends. 
Journey of Mas Cabolang
Mas Cabolang is the son of Ki Ageng/Seh Akadiyat, the hermit of Sokoyoso Hermitage in Dieng Plateau. He left his parents' house without asking their permission. His objective is to have his own adventure in order to understand more of the world. His journey began to the south-west route to Cilacap Region and then turned to the east, through Mataram Sultanate's capital (Kota Gede) and move on the eastern part of Java Island before finally going back to Sokoyoso.
Adulthood journey.
Journey of Jayengresmi (Ki Amongrogo)
Jayengresmi already stayed for a few years in Karang Hermitage with his adopted father, Kyai Ageng Karang until finally he asked for permission to leave and to continue searching his brother and sisters. Before let them leaving his hermitage, his adopted father suggest them to change their names: Jayengresmi became Ki Amongrogo, Gathak and Gathuk became Jamal and Jamil. 
Journey of Jayengresmi, Jayengrogo and Kulowiryo
Fourteen months had past since Seh Amongrogo left his father in-law (Ki Bayi) and his wife (Nyi Tembangraras). Finally came a decisive moment when Ki Bayi's brothers (Ki Jayengresmi and Ki Jayengrogo) and their uncle (Ki Kulowiryo) determined to look for and to catch up with Amongrogo. They departed, accompanied by Kulowiryo's attendant, Nuripin.
Within their journey, they passed several villages, hermitages and caves. Ki Jayengrogo and Ki Kulowiryo are the morally loose characters as they did a lot of debauchery with the villagers, widowers and ronggeng dancers. Their carelessness sometimes brought them misfortune such as the loss of their possession. Ki Jayengresmi, being the only religious character among the group, always avoid the debauchery while patiently preach his brother and uncle. Nuripin is a character who is always bullied (yet always manage to escape and throw honest mockery on Kulowiryo's debauchery and his misfortune) by Kuliwiryo. The group only have a short distance of journey and they went back to Wonomarto empty handed and only received clues from all the hermits they met, that they would met Amongrogo later on in a place called Wonontoko. Soon afterwards, santri Luci, who previously met Amongrogo, arrived at Wonomarto. Ki Luci told Ki Bayi and his family the summary of Amongrogo's journey and his whereabout. Within Amongrogo's journey, he kept having a vision of a lotus, which means, his search for the perfection of life would only be gained through Sultan Agung's help. Amongrogo tried to catch up with Sultan Agung by visiting his meditational places. But Sultan always leave just when Amongrogo arrives. Amongorogo then has to attract his attention by building a grand mosque at Kanigoro and performing magic show which gathered thousands of followers. The magical shows which drew thousands of followers finally was being noticed Sultan Agung. He concluded that such activity was breaking Islamic law and therefore he sentenced Amongorogo for death penalty by drowning him to an ocean. Amongrogo was being executed. The death penalty is actually what Amongrogo's looking for from Sultan Agung. As by went through death, he wasn't really dead, he only moved to another realm (reverse realm/incorporeal world/jagad walikan in javanase). Therefore, right on entering incorporeal world, he thanked Sultan Agung instead.
The debauchery scenes of this section is what makes Serat Centhini famous of its porn contents which unfortunately often overshadow the other knowledge being elaborated.
Nyi Selobrangti and Cethi Centhini & a happy ending reunion
Soon after receiving bad news about his husband, Nyi Tembangraras determined to find his husband herself. She changed her name to Nyi Selobrangti and accompanied by her faithful maid, Centhini. Both of them arrived at Wonontoko and accidentally met Ki Amongrogo's long time separated brother and sister, Ki Mangunkarso/Jayengsari and Nyi Rancangkapti. Soon after the surprising reunion, Nyi Selobrangti told them the bad news about Ki Amongrogo's death. The news shocked them and all of them fainted and died.
Ki Amongrogo, in his realm, noticed the unfortunate event. He visited Wonontoko and revived everyone. The horrible scene now become a happy ending for the brother and sister and the wife. The couple finally reunited and later on built a hermitage but in the reverse realm.incorporeal world.
At this point Ki Bayi's brothers, Jayengresmi and Jayengrogo, left Wonomarto once again to find their niece, Nyi Tembangraras/Selobrangti and Centhini. In the middle of their journey, they received a message from Ki Montel (Amongrogo's attendant) that Tembangraras had met her husband and that they had lived together in Wonontoko in a specific place called Jurang-Jangkung. Jayengrogo and Jayengresmi delighted to hear the news. They decided to meditate at Ardipolo hermitage while Ki Montel delivered the good news to Ki Bayi and his wife.
Post-Adulthood journey.
A Reunion of Ki Bayu and his wife with their daughter Nyi Tembangraras and Seh Amongrogo
Ki Bayi and his wife, Nyi Malaresmi, were eager to meet their daughter therefore they set forth to Wonontoko. By the end of the journey they met Ki Mangukarso (Amongrogo's brother) who told them that they would be able to meet Tembangraras and Amongrogo only in incorporeal world and through a meditation at jurang-jangkung.
They went to Jurang-Jangkung and meditate. On the third night, they finally met Seh Amongorogo and Nyi Tembangraras in the incorporeal world.
The short reunion however had to come to an end. Ki Bayi and his wife returned to Wonomarto, this time, with a happy and content feeling.
The Island of black marble
Seh Amongrogo and Nyi Tembangraras, within their incorporeal world, made a journey to Banten, West Java. They arrived at a dreadful beach therefore he changed it into a tranquil one. He then built an island made of black marble, filled it with precious stones, built a house and stayed there with his wife. It wasn't long before the news of an island of black marble reached a powerful man from Sumatra Island, Ki Datuk. He confronted Seh Amongrogo by put him into test. If indeed Amongrogo is a generous figure, he wont say no to whatever Ki Datuk is asking, even asking for his wife. To Ki Datuk's surprise, Amongrogo gave away his wife. Tembangraras and Ki Datuk's ship was ready on sail returning to Sumatra but in the middle of the ocean, the weather became fierce and the ship sinked. Ki Datuk and his sailors was being rescued and they arrived back home empty handed. Meanwhile, Nyi Tembangraras was being pickekup by Seh Amongrogo and they return to Wonontoko, leaving the Black Marble Island and its beach to its original dreadful state.
The Wonder Maggots and the end of Seh Amongrogo and Nyi Tembangraras' life journey
Serat Centhini ends with a famous story of wonder maggots.Seh amongrogo and Nyi Tembangraras wished to go back to the real world in order to put discipline to the people and that it can be done through Sultan Agung's lineage. In the meantime, Sultan Agung, in his old age, had become a priest namely Priest Anyokrokusumo. Seh Amongrogo and Nyi Tembangraras met him through incorporeal world and the three of them agreed to make an arrangement. The deal was, Seh Amongrogo and Nyo Tembangraras were changed into wonder male and female maggots. The female maggots was eaten by Sultan Agung, while the female maggot was eaten by Pangeran Pekik (Sultan Agung's brother-in-law. Later on, the son of Sultan Agung (the reincarnation of Seh Amongrogo) would marry Pangeran Pekik's daughter (as reincarnation of Nyi Tembangraras) and they would born a son who would became the King of Mataram, namely Amangkurat. In his reign, Amangkurat didn't please his people because of the discipline being applied. One prince, Raden Trunojoyo, rebelled against him, on behalf of Amangkurat's son. Amangkurat was then being exiled to a place which has a fragrant soil (Tegalarum). This means that Seh Amongrogo and Nyi Tembangraras had arrived at the end of their human being's journey, from their birth to their death.
Evolution of the Javanese knowledge (kawruh) in the modern time.
Colonial time
Modernity and science that were being brought by the Europeans created a paradigm shift in the kind of knowledge and the way to attain knowledge within Javanese society. The concept of 'time is money' was being introduced in which Javanese society have to adjust to a new regular working culture in contrast to the regularity of an agricultural work. Schools in new institutions in new towns were being introduced to public via Colonial Ethical Policy in contrast with the way ancient schools was being conducted through hermitages or in exclusive royal/palace circles. The kind of knowledge is also shifting from heavily mysticism knowledge to heavily rational kind of knowledge. In Shiva-Hindu Catur Asrama, wanderers are part of the way of life and to attain knowledge. In the colonial period the wanderers become unwanted people in new town such as Batavia. The wanderers often evolve into independent rebels or local heroes such as being popularized by The Legend of Si Pitung or Prince Diponegoro's guerrilla volunteers from Bagelen. During the independence war, the rebels play a bigger role in the guerrilla movement.
Post Independence
Javanese knowledge remains in the form of traditions that are being passed down through generations. Especially in the area of philosophy, traditional medicine, wedding procession and religion.

</doc>
<doc id="36743859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743859" title="African Cookbook">
African Cookbook

African Cookbook is an album by Randy Weston's African Rhythms recorded in 1969 in Paris and originally released on the French Polydor label. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36743866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743866" title="California Historical Landmarks in Plumas County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Plumas County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Plumas County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36743871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743871" title="Mayu Nozomi">
Mayu Nozomi

Life and career.
Mayu Nozomi was born on October 5, 1989 in Tokyo, Japan. She debuted as a junior model with the stage name . In April and July 2009, she appeared in two gravure videos, "Kawaii" and "Hope!". In November the same year, she made her AV debut with the video "First Impression 45", released by the manufacturer Idea Pocket. 
In January 2010, she debuted as a singer with the album "Nozomi", released by Duo Entertainment. In November 2010, she made her film debut as the lead character of the V-Cinema release . 
In 2012, she was involved in the music project "Kiss", a J-pop group consisting of her, Aino Kishi, and Jessica Kizaki. Their debut album was "Touch My S.P.O.T.".
Nozomi also appeared on "Free - Shobo Akiba Festival", a photo application for Android, together with other five popular gravure models.
When the major Japanese adult video distributor DMM held a poll of its customers in 2012 to select the 100 all time best AV actresses to celebrate the 30th anniversary of adult videos in Japan, Nozomi was listed as number 34.

</doc>
<doc id="36743880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743880" title="Stanley Lebergott">
Stanley Lebergott

Stanley Lebergott (July 22, 1918 – July 24, 2009) was a prominent American government economist and Professor Emeritus of economics at Wesleyan University.
Early life and family.
Stanley Lebergott was born in Detroit, Michigan on July 22, 1918 and went to the University of Michigan, where he got both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in economics in the late 1930s. He married Ruth Wellington in 1941, and they had two children (one daughter and one son), Karen and Steven. Steven died in 1995 but Lebergott's wife and daughter Karen outlived him.
Career.
Lebergott joined the Bureau of Labor Statistics in 1940. He compiled historical unemployment statistics for the time period between 1890 and the 1950s, and his statistics were widely popularized until Christina Romer and others found flaws in them and accordingly modified them. He joined the Wesleyan University faculty in 1962 and stayed there until his retirement in 1995. He also wrote a book called "Manpower in Economic Growth" in 1964, in which he discussed U.S. historical economic growth, poverty, and income inequality. In 1975, he wrote "Wealth and Want", a book about how government policies affect poverty. In 1993, he wrote another book called "Pursuing Happiness: American Consumers in the Twentieth Century".
Lebergott consistently argued about the positive impact of consumerism on the U.S. economy and the standard of living of the American people (including improved health, higher wages, less drug use, better technology, and more privacy) throughout his career. Boston University economics professor Robert Margo wrote that
Lebergott's influence on economic history has been profound. There are few activities that economic historians can engage in of greater consequence than reconstructing the hard numbers. In this line of work Lebergott had few peers. 'Manpower' put the labor force—people—at the center of economic history, not the bloodless 'agents' of economic models but real people.
This statement indicated the importance of Lebergott's work in academic economic discourse.
Death.
Lebergott died on July 24, 2009 in his home in Middletown, Connecticut. His death was due to cardiac arrest and occurred just two days after he celebrated his 91st birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="36743921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743921" title="Thomas Coke (died 1523)">
Thomas Coke (died 1523)

Thomas Coke (by 1458-1523), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1489, 1497, 1504, 1510, 1512 and 1515. He was Mayor of Salisbury 1491-2 and 1510-11.

</doc>
<doc id="36743926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743926" title="Mayor of Salisbury">
Mayor of Salisbury

The following were mayors of Salisbury, Wiltshire, England:
17th century.
1600 Mathew Bee
1601 Henry Byle
1602 Jacob Harvylande
1603 William Eaton
1604 Roger Barnes
1605 Thomas Hancocke
1606 Roger Gauntlet
1607 Bartholomew Tookie
1608 Edward Roades
1609 Richard Gauntlett
1610 Bartholomew Tookie
1611 Thomas Raye
1612 Laurence Horne
1613 Alexander Alford
1614 Henry Pearson
1615 Richard Godfrey
1616 Robert Maswell
1617 George Churchhouse
1618 John Wendover
1619 William Goodridge
1620 William Ray
1621 Maurice Green
1622 Thomas Sqibb
1623 Robert Jole
1624 Robert Checkford
1625 Wolstan Coward
1626 John Ivie
1627 James Abbot
1628 John Batt
1629 Thomas Hill
1630 Richard Carter
1631 Henry Byley
1632 Mathew Bee
1633 Nicholas Elliot
1634 John Dove
1635 Maurice Bylerigg
1636 Richard Carter
1637 John Ranger or Banger
1638 Thomas Hancock
1639 William Joyce
1640 Richard Gauntlett
1641 Thomas Lawes
1642 Humphry Ditton
1643 Thomas Hancock
1644 Francis Dove
1645 Humphry Ditton
1646 Edward Edmunds
1647 John Ivie
1648 Richard Banks
1649 Francis Dove
1650 Thomas Keynon
1651 Thomas Ovyatt
1652 Thomas Ray jnr.
1653 William Wilson
1654 Wichard Phelps
1655 William Stone
1656 Robert Good
1657 Thomas Cutler
1658 Christopher Batt
1659 Thomas Abbot
1660 Maurice Green
1661 Thomas Gardiner
1662 Thomas Batter
1663 William Wilson
1664 John Joyce
1665 Thomas Williams
1666 Isaac A’Court
1667 William Slanne
1668 William Vyner
1669 Edmund Marke
1670 Ambrose West
1671 Christopher Gardiner
1672 Robert Jones
1673 James Bennett
1674 William Smith
1675 Thomas Keynton
1676 Giles Naish
1677 Oliver Shergold
1678 James Harris
1679 Roger Baskett
1680 John Priaulx
1681 Richard Minefye
1682 Andrew Bauden
1683 William Clements
1684 Thomas Wansborough
1685 Richard Eyre
1685 Christopher Gardiner
1686 Edward Faulkner
1687 George Clement
1688 John Hill
1689 Peter Phelps
1690 Thomas Haskett
1691 John Coleman
1692 Thomas Taylor
1693 John Parsons
1694 John Pain
1695 James Wyatt
1696 Francis Keynton
1697 Richard Long
1698 William Barnes
1699 Richard Hill
18th century.
1700 George Flower
1700 William Waterman
1701 Thomas Abbot
1702 Johnathon Newman
1703 James Hayter
1704 Walter Ireland
1705 Henry Long
1706 William Green
1707 Joseph Gifford
1708 William Hillman
1709 John Prater
1710 Thomas Clifton
1711 John King
1712 Richard Marsh
1713 Walter Barry
1714 William Naish
1715 Edward Cornelius
1716 James Blake
1717 Edward Cornelius
1718 James Blake
1719 William Strugnell
1720 Silvester Pope
1721 Richard Spinney
1722 William Batt
1723 James Stone
1724 Johnathon Newman
1725 Henry Bennet
1726 Samuel Case
1727 Thomas Light
1728 Henry Case
1729 John Robbins
1730 George Flower
1731 Thomas Hull
1732 William Ruddel
1733 John Davis
1734 Daniel Floyd
1735 John Biggs
1736 John Hussy
1737 William Smith
1738 John Baker
1739 William Stone
1740 James Case
1741 Richard Samburn
1742 Matthew Pitts
1743 Robert Robbins
1744 John Talk
1745 Thomas Smith
1746 William Forty
1747 Thomas Baker
1748 Samuel Case
1749 John Thorpe
1750 Henry Brown
1751 James Wyatt
1751 John Case
1752 John Wansborough
1753 Nicholas Hicks
1754 Robert Powel
1755 John Maton
1756 Scrope Egerton
1757 John Blake
1758 William Hussey
1759 Robert Wentworth
1760 Geoffrey Gowen
1761 William Talk
1762 James Bennett
1763 Edward Lambert
1764 Thomas Dennis
1765 John Gowan
1766 Joseph Wiles
1767 John Cooper
1768 James Rothwell
1769 Sydenham Burrough
1770 Henry Penruddock Wyndham
1771 Robert Cooper
1772 John Tanner
1773 Rawlins Hillman
1774 John Edgar
1775 William Little
1776 John Elderton
1777 Thomas Hussy
1778 Nathaniel Wick
1779 Edward Eastman
1780 Joseph Hinxman
1781 William Stephens
1782 Nathaniel Still
1783 John Wyche
1784 Thomas Long
1785 James Easton
1786 George Maton
1787 Eadward Hinxman
1788 George Yalden Fort
1789 Henry Hinxman
1790 Michael Burrough
1791 Robert Freemantle
1792 James Goddard
1793 Thomas Brown
1794 Joseph Tanner
1795 William Boucher
1796 Thomas Goddard
1797 Joseph Tanner
1798 Paul Lagas Burnett
1799 Henry Smith
19th century.
1800 William French
1801 Edward Stevens
1802 James Sutton
1803 Joseph Everett
1804 William Ghost
1805 John Pern Tinney
1806 Johnathan Fishlake
1807 Hezekiah Wyche
1808 Thomas Wilkie
1809 James Hussy
1810 John Pinkney
1811 Edward Davies
1812 William Bird Brodie
1813 William Andrews
1814 Charles George Brodie
1815 Rev. Christopher Rigby Collins
1816 William Woolfryes
1817 Henry Emley
1818 John Atkinson
1819 Joseph Tanner
1820 Thomas Webb Dyke
1821 Thomas Wynch
1822 George Atkinson
1823 Joseph Tanner
1824 Thomas Webb Dyke
1825 Thomas Wynch
1826 George Atkinson
1827 Joseph Bouverie Hussy Tanner
1828 Thomas Ogdon Stevens
1829 George Sutton
1830 John Pinkney
1831 William Fawcett
1832 John Beere
1833 John Lush Alford
1834-35 John Cother
1835-36 William Smith
1836-37 Charles Finch
1837-38 Alexander Lucas
1838-39 Richard Hetley
1839-40 Thomas Norwood Chubb
1840-41 Robert Mackrell
1841-42 William Blackmore
1842-43 William Corbin Finch MD
1843-44 James Hussey
1844-45 Edward Edmund Peach Kelsey
1845-46 William Brownjohn
1846-47 George Fulford
1847-48 Robert Farrant
1848-49 Robert Farrant
1849-50 Thomas Robert Moore MD
1850-51 George Brown
1851-52 Edward Edmund Peach Kelsey
1852-53 Edward Edmund Peach Kelsey
1853-54 John Lambert
1854-55 Thomas Pain
1855-56 Abraham Jackson
1856-57 Thomas Pain
1857-58 Coard William Squarey
1858-59 Philip Pickney Cother
1859-60 William Woodlands
1860-61 Philip Watson Ottoway
1861-62 Charles Mann Cornwallis Whatman
1862-63 John Style
1863-64 John Waters
1864-65 Richard Henry Rigden
1865-66 Robert Stokes
1866-67 John Alfred Lush MD
1867-68 Stephen Eldridge
1868-69 William Aylward
1869-70 Charles Richard Norton
1870-71 William Fawcett Jnr.
1871-72 John Harding Jackson
1873-74 Henry Brown
1874-75 Samuel Ralph Atkins
1875-76 Charles Henry Radcliffe
1876-77 John Keynes
1877-78 Richard Monkhouse Wilson
1878-79 Joseph William Lovibond
1879-80 William Hicks
1880-81 Edward Frederick Kelsey
1881-82 William Leach
1882-83 Charles Moody
1883-84 Thomas Stephen Futcher
1884-85 George Fulford
1885-86 William Maxwell Hammick
1886-87 Frederick Griffen
1887-88 Edward Waters
1888-89 Samuel Parker
1889-90 George Nodder
1890-91 Joseph William Lovibond
1891-92 William Marlow
1892-93 Arthur Whitehead
1893-94 Charles Haskins
1894-95 Edward Foulger Pye Smith
1895-96 Arthur Russell Malden
1896-97 Arthur Whitehead
1897-98 Howard Harris
1898-99 Edward Alexander
1899-1900 David Stevens
20th century.
1900-01 Henry George Gregory
1901-02 John Alfred Folliott
1902-03 Edward John Brittan
1903-04 Charles John Woodrow
1904-05 James Keith Dowden
1905-06 Frank Baker
1906-07 Samuel Grove
1907-08 Robert Michael Hall
1908-09 Tom Perkins
1909-10 Richard Arthur Wilson
1910-11 Frank Shepherd
1911-12 William Pritchard
1912-13 Frederick Sutton
1913-14 James Macklin
1914-15 James Macklin
1915-16 James Macklin
1916-17 James Macklin
1917-18 James Macklin
1918-19 James Macklin
1919-20 Howard Lapham
1920-21 Thomas William Berry
1921-22 Edward Sidney Humby
1922-22 Henry Bywater Medway
1922-23 Francis Herbert Wort
1923-24 Reuben Bracher
1924-25 Robert Bousie
1925-26 James Brothers
1926-27 John Cattrell Hudson
1927-28 Edith Maud Hulse (first lady mayor)
1928-29 Alfred Salisbury-Jones
1929-30 Harry Medway
1930-31 Alfred Hinxman
1931-32 John Sidney Rambridge
1932-33 Gideon Hancock
1933-34 Edwin James Case
1934-35 Edward Herbert Major
1935-36 Charles Scammel
1936-37 Maurice Rawlence
1937-38 Charles Thomas
1938-39 William Cornelius Bridge
1939-40 William Cornelius Bridge
1940-41 Gerald Earl Thornton
1941-42 George Albert Berry
1942-43 Sidney Clarke
1943-44 Ernest Railton Grant
1944-45 Alfred Courtney
1945-46 Herbert Barber
1946-47 Fred Sanders
1947-48 Roland Graham Gordon
1948-49 Stanley Narcissus Bigwood
1949-50 Horace Edward Randall
1950-51 Arthur Albert Maidment
1951-52 George Chivers Whatley
1952-53 William James Rothwell
1953-54 Hedley John Annetts
1954-55 Francis James Moore
1955-56 Charles Joseph Lee
1956-57 Edward Percy Adlam
1957-58 Alfred Edward Batt
1958-59 Arthur Albert Maidment
1959-60 William James Rothwell
1960-61 Harold Reginald Kidwell
1961 Arthur Christopher Hoy
1961-62 Stanley Arthur Vokes
1962-63 Harold Gordon Batt
1964-65 Alfred Henry Crane
1965-66 William Eric Glazebrook
1966-67 William Stephen Biddle
1967-68 Beatrice Dorothy Brown
1968-69 Stewart Anthony Snook
1969-70 Margaret Josephine Benson
1970-71 William Hezekiah Lambert
1972-73 Hilda Elizabeth Barker
1973-74 George William Shingler
1974-75 Francis William Grandfield
1975-76 George Hubert Anthony Stocken
1976-77 Timothy Sherwood Hattersley
1977-78 Ivan Cecil Light
1978-79 Arthur Walter James Lawrence
1979-80 Kenneth Anthony Edwards
1980-81 Douglas Anthony Stephenson
1981-82 Derek Ashton Alford
1982-83 Beverly Head
1983-84 Peter John Dalton
1984-85 Pamela Irene Edwards
1985-86 Thomas Cameron Cowie
1986-87 William John Quirke McGrath
1987-88 Elizabeth Margaret Grant
1988-89 Pauline Denise D Stocken
1989-90 Margaret Mary Jackson
1990-91 Kathleen Cooper Joel
1991-92 Gloria Celia Tudhope
1992-93 Dorothy Joan Jones
1993-94 Peter Noel Chubb
1994-95 Patricia Mary Errington Rycroft
1995-96 Richard Terrence Rogers
1996-97 Beryl Mary Jay
1998-99 Olwen Tanner
1999-20 David McCarthy
21st century.
2000-01 Steve Fear
2001-02 Ian Tomes
2002-03 Sue Mallory
2003-04 Bobbie Chettleburgh
2004-05 Jeremy Nettle
2005-06 Patrick Paisey
2006-07 Sheila Warrander
2007-08 Kevin Cardy
2008-09 Iris Evans
2009-10 Bobbie Chettleburgh
2010-11 Brian Dalton
2011-12 John Abbott
2012-13 John Collier
2013-14 Penny Brown
2014-15 Josephine Broom

</doc>
<doc id="36743945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743945" title="Harold Burrage">
Harold Burrage

Harold Burrage (March 30, 1931, Chicago - November 26, 1966, Chicago, age 35) was an American blues and soul musician (singer and pianist).
Burrage did session work as a pianist in the 1950s and 1960s as well as recording under his own name. He released singles on Decca, Aladdin, States, and Cobra in the 1950s, and for Vee-Jay and M-Pac in the 1960s. Burrage's backing bands included the likes of Otis Rush, Willie Dixon, and Jody Williams, while Burrage supported Magic Sam, Charles Clark, and others as a pianist.
Burrage's only national hit as singer was the 1965 Chicago soul song "Got to Find a Way", which reached #31 on the Billboard R&B charts. The following year Burrage died at the home of Tyrone Davis, a musician Burrage influenced.

</doc>
<doc id="36743953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743953" title="Govert Boyen">
Govert Boyen

Govert Boyen (born 7 March 1977 in Sint-Truiden) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who is currently unemployed. He was last on the books of Veldwezelt.
Previously, he played for Antwerp in the Belgian Pro League and spent most of his career with Lommel United and OH Leuven in the Belgian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="36743960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743960" title="Richard Bartholomew (MP)">
Richard Bartholomew (MP)

Richard Bartholomew, Bartilmewe or Bartilmoes (by 1455 – c. 1525 or later), of Salisbury, Wiltshire, was an English politician.
Family.
By 1481, he was married to a woman named Margery. They had five sons, including John and Richard, both merchants who predeceased their father.
Career.
Bartholomew was a wealthy merchant, He was Mayor of Salisbury in 1487 and 1507.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1497, 1512 and 1515.

</doc>
<doc id="36743995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36743995" title="Faroe Islands at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Faroe Islands at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

The Faroe Islands are scheduled to compete in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36744006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744006" title="Mohammed Al-Rukn">
Mohammed Al-Rukn

Dr. Mohammed Abdullah Al-Rukn () is an Emirati lawyer and political activist who was born on 26 September 1962. Al-Rukn was incarcerated because of his human rights activities and his representation of other Emirati political opposition figures.
Early life.
Al-Rukn was born in Dubai, UAE to a modest family of Arab ancestry. He attended primary schools in Dubai, where he was a quick learner. Later he was granted a scholarship to the United States to study chemical engineering, but decided instead to study law.
He attended the United Arab Emirates University, Faculty of Law in 1981 and graduated with excellence in 1985 with a bachelors degree in law and a minor in political science. While at university he was an administrative body of the Emirates National Students Union.
In 1985 Al-Rukn attended Warwick University and graduated with a degree in constitutional law. In 1992 he completed his Ph.D. in constitutional law from the same university.
Human rights activism and incarceration.
Al-Rukn had defended members of al-Islah, a nonviolent political opposition group, on a pro bono basis, including those whom authorities had stripped of their Emirati citizenship. In 2011 he served as co-defense counsel for two of the activists, known as the UAE 5, who were imprisoned for seven months prosecuted for allegedly posting statements on an internet forum critical of the UAE's leaders and government policies. Government authorities have long prevented al-Rukn from lecturing at Al Ain University due to his outspoken views on the UAE government.
Dr. Al-Rukn was detained on July 17, 2012. His current whereabouts are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36744008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744008" title="Karen MacInerney">
Karen MacInerney

Karen MacInerney is an American novelist who writes two genre book series - one a cozy mystery series about a bed and breakfast owner in an island community off the coast of Maine, the other a paranormal series with a strong streak of humour, about an accountant trying to ignore the werewolf gene she has inherited from her father.
She is a member of Sisters in Crime and the Writers' League of Texas, and the founder of Austin Mystery Writers.

</doc>
<doc id="36744032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744032" title="Dushyanth Sridhar">
Dushyanth Sridhar

Dushyanth Sridhar is an Indian writer and public speaker on ancient Indian religious texts. Born in 1986, he was one of the youngest in the field of Sanskrit and Tamizh texts. He appears regularly on regional Indian TV channels, and travels worldwide to deliver lectures.
Early life.
Sridhar was born in Bangalore. He did his schooling there and in Chennai, after which he obtained his Bachelors degree in Chemical Engineering and Masters in Chemistry from BITS, Pilani. he worked with Tata Consultancy Services in Chennai. He was a visiting faculty member at WE School, a business school in Mumbai. He had previously worked with Kantar Group (TNS Health), Panacea Biotec, Avalon Global Research and the Speak well English Academy.[http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=24179638&trk=tab_pro]
He has received the following awards:
He has performed in the presence of:
He was trained in Sanskrit and Tamizh hymns from a very young age by Srimati Indira RajagopAlan and Sri.Sambashivam. He then received Samashrayanam from Sri Narayana Yatendra Mahadeshikan (45th pontiff of Sri Ahobila Mutt) and under the same Acharya, he performed Bhara Samarpanam for Divya Dampati. He is undergoing advanced training in four revered Sri Vaishnavite scriptures (grantha chattushtayam) viz. Sri Bhashyam, Gita Bhashyam, Bhagavad Vishayam and Srimad Rahasya Traya Saram texts at the lotus feet of revered preceptors (Acharyas):
Press and television appearances.
His articles have appeared in the magazines "Tattvaloka" (maintained by Sringeri Mutt), "Kalyana Kalpataru" (maintained by Gita Press, Gorakhpur) and "The Splendour" (maintained by Alpha Foundation), Vainavan Kural. Articles about him have appeared in "The Times of India",', "The Hindu", The "Asian Age", "Janmabhumi", "Mumbai Mitra", "Mangaiyar Malar","Sakthi Vikatan", "Amudha Surabhi", "Deepam","Kalki","Arul Osai","Samudhra", "Dinamalar", "T. Nagar Talk"' and the "BITSAA Newsletter"
He delivered over 1000 discourses worldwide to a cumulative audience size of over 5 Lakh in 4 languages. He is a regular speaker on television including Star Vijay (a channel of Star Network), Jaya TV, Sri Sankara TV (a religious channel),DD Podhigai TV(maintained by Doordarshan),SVBC Channel(maintained by Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam) and Mega TV. His YouTube videos were viewed over 3.5 Lakh times.[1][2]
He rendered the Sanskrit breathless file on Raghuveera Gadyam (Ramayana) which is a and this was rendered in over 10 ragams.
Lecture locations.
Sridhar spoke at the following locations:
He renders honorary motivation lectures at Old-age and retirement homes like:
He renders motivation and value-based lectures to students of schools and colleges. He also gives presentation on management in ancient scriptures to firms. Following are some of the locations:
He performed with:
In partnership with a well-known tour management company called Beyond Boundaries in Chennai, he has organized:

</doc>
<doc id="36744034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744034" title="St George's Fields (disambiguation)">
St George's Fields (disambiguation)

St George's Fields was an area of Southwark.
St George's Fields may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36744041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744041" title="Lenie de Nijs">
Lenie de Nijs

Lenie de Nijs (born 1939, Hilversum) was a Dutch swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m medley team event (together with Ada den Haan, Cocky Gastelaars and Atie Voorbij) at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships. She qualified for the 1956 Summer Olympics but could not participate due to the boycott of those games by the Netherlands. She was an unusually versatile swimmer, a 1955 national champion and the world record holder in the 1500 m freestyle, as well as the world record holder in the now obsolete 880 yd and 1760 yd freestyle events. However, she then switched to medley and 100 m and 200 m backstroke disciplines, winning three national titles in the 100 m backstroke (1956–1958), setting the world record in the 200 m backstroke in 1957, and contributing to the 4×100 m medley world record set by the Dutch team in 1958.
As a child, de Nijs was diagnosed with chronic asthma and bronchitis and the doctor advised her to join a sportclub to improve health. After retiring from swimming she married the Dutch water polo player Harry Vriend on 4 October 1963. Her younger sister Judith de Nijs (b. 1942) was also a swimmer, a national champion and record holder, and also married a water polo player.

</doc>
<doc id="36744054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744054" title="2013 Special Olympics World Winter Games">
2013 Special Olympics World Winter Games

The 11th Special Olympics World Winter Games was a Special Olympics, a multi-sports event that was held in Pyeongchang, South Korea from January 29 through February 5, 2013. Though officially allocated to Pyeongchang, events were also held in Gangneung.
Venues.
The three venues and events are:
The Games.
Sports.
The 2013 Special Olympics World Winter Games programme featured 8 sports with encompassing many disciplines (in parentheses).
Mascots.
The mascots are Ra, In and Bow.
Nations.
Canada They won 109 medals (44 Gold, 44 Silver and 21 Bronze).

</doc>
<doc id="36744067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744067" title="California Gambling Control Commission">
California Gambling Control Commission

California Gambling Control Commission (CGCC) is the official gambling commission of the state of California. It states its aim is to "foster honest, competitive gambling in California that is free of criminal and corruptive elements." The governor of the commission as of 2012 is Jerry Brown; Judge Eugene Balonon was a former governor of the commission as was Burks "Dean" Shelton. Shelton was appointed by then Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in 2004 who was stated to have an aversion to gambling and demanded tighter regulation of populating Indian casinos, declaring that the commission would "yank their licenses for those slot machines" if the casinos were found guilty of misconduct.
The commission was proposed in the mid 1990s under the bills AB 2803 and AB 362 to "create a state agency to license card clubs and casinos operating within the state", based on Nevada's state commission. Under the legislation the new commission gained responsibility for administering the Revenue Sharing Trust Fund. Soon after it was eventually formed. the Commission stated in 2001 that they were in favor legislation that would allow the state to regulate charitable bingo games which has since become part of the responsibility of the administration of the commission.
As of August 2012, the California Gambling Control Commission has jurisdiction over 89 licensed gambling establishments (cardrooms) in California, tribal casinos, and charitable organizations which offer bingo. The commission has a major interest in Indian/Tribal gaming, which was perceived by the government in 2001 to have gotten out of control. It was reported in June 2010 that Indian tribes in California operated over 65,000 class III gaming devices in total. According to the Government of California, the Commission has "fiduciary, regulatory, and administrative responsibilities related to Tribal gaming that include: (1) oversight of Class III gaming operations, which are primarily casino-type games, (2) distribution of Tribal gaming revenues to various State funds and to authorized, federally recognized, non-Compact Tribes, (3) monitoring of Tribal gaming through periodic background checks of Tribal key employees, vendors, and financial sources, (4) validation of gaming operation standards through testing, auditing, and review, and (5) fiscal auditing of Tribal payments to the State pursuant to Compact provisions." 

</doc>
<doc id="36744073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744073" title="Steph McGovern">
Steph McGovern

Stephanie Rose McGovern (born June 1982) is an English business journalist for the BBC. She is currently the main business presenter for "BBC Breakfast" but sometimes co-hosts the show itself.
Early life.
McGovern was born in North Tyneside. She grew up in Middlesbrough in Teesside. She went to Kader Primary School then the Macmillan City Technology College (now the Macmillan Academy), one of 15 national City Technology Colleges, next to the A19/A66 interchange south of the River Tees. From 1998–2000, in the sixth form, she studied Maths, Physics, Design Technology and Business Studies. At the age of 19 she was awarded 'Young Engineer for Britain', after saving Black & Decker over £1m on a design she did for their Leaf Hog product.
She attended University College London, where she studied Science Communication and Policy in the Department of Science and Technology Studies.
Career.
McGovern started at the BBC doing work experience on the "Tomorrow's World" programme, before securing part-time employment as a researcher in current affairs. She went on to be main producer for daily financial news on the "Today" programme on Radio 4, before becoming the lead producer of business news on the BBC's One, Six and Ten O'Clock news bulletins, working with the business editor, Robert Peston.
She now appears on "BBC Breakfast", which moved to Salford in April 2012.
On 27 August 2012 she made her debut presenting "BBC Breakfast" alongside Roger Johnson.
She continues to be one of the main relief presenters on "BBC Breakfast", presenting the main show during the Christmas holiday in 2012.
She has done a wide range of activities in her business reporting such as bus driving and visiting shops to discuss rent payments on Christmas Eve 2012.
She was once heard swearing off-camera, which resulted in Susanna Reid giving an apology on air.
5 Live.
In 2010 McGovern began presenting for BBC Radio 5 Live, which moved to Salford in 2011. She has presented "Wake Up to Money", and is one of the regular presenters on Sunday evening's "On the Money".
Personal life.
McGovern lives in Middlesbrough and Manchester. She is a schoolfriend of Kay Murray, another Teesside television presenter. She is a supporter of Middlesbrough F.C.
She is a former champion Irish dancer and still often attends international competitions, where she helps to coach dancers.

</doc>
<doc id="36744086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744086" title="Abdelaziz Bennani">
Abdelaziz Bennani

General Abdelaziz Bennani ( – born 1935, Taza) is a senior Moroccan Army officer who was, between 27 July 2004 and 13 June 2014, "General Inspector of the Armed Forces", the professional head of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces, succeeding General Abdelhaq Kadiri. He was the commander of the "Southern Zone" since the death General Ahmed Dlimi.
On 13 June 2014 and after reports which stated that he was in poor health and following treatment in France, Bennani was replaced, as the Insepector General of the Moroccan army and commander of the southern zone, by general Bouchaib Arroub.
Early life.
Like other high-ranking officials of the Moroccan military, few personal details about Bennani are known about. He was part of a class of military conscripts (The "Promotion Mohammed V") who in 1957, followed a six-months training in the French military school Saint Cyr, under the supervision of then crown prince Hassan, after which they received the officer rank. 
Family.
His son Yahya Bennani is the Moroccan ambassador in Kuwait and previously worked in the Moroccan external intelligence service, the DGED.
Corruption allegations.
The Moroccan military is plagued by corruption. A leaked U.S diplomatic cable from 2008, cited that it is particularly prevalent amongst the highest ranks. The cable went on to directly accuse Abdelaziz Bennani of corruption:
In his 2006 book, ""Les Officiers de Sa Majesté"" Mahjoub Tobji, a fromer commandant in the Moroccan army, also accused Bennani, among other high-ranking officers, of corruption and embezzlement. Tobji cited, in addition to fisheries in Western Sahara operated by high-ranking officers, racketeering of Russian and Norwegian ships fishing illegally south of Agadir and bribes in contracts of meat imported from Argentina and Australia for the army. Tobji also reported a number of other alleged corrupt practices.
Hospital incident.
On 18 June 2014, Mustapha Adib a former captain in the Moroccan army who was imprisoned in 2000 for denouncing corruption in his military base of Errachidia and was forced to exile afterwards, visited the Val-de-Grâce, the hospital where Bennani was following treatment in France. He tried to visit the general but was not authorised to access the room, after which he left him a bouquet of cheap flowers and a message, in which he accused Bennani of being a criminal responsible for the deaths of thousands of people, the impoverishment of thousands of deceased soldiers children and a corrupt who stole state's assets.
Through the official press agency, Maghreb Arabe Presse, the Moroccan state protested this incident and stated that Abdelaziz Bennani was "assaulted morally" ["sic"], with the tacit complacency of French authorities. The chief of Moroccan external intelligence (DGED), Yassine Mansouri (also a classmate of king Mohammed VI at the Collège Royal) summoned the French Ambassador in Rabat to protest.
The Moroccan ambassador in Paris and former minister of the Interior, Chakib Benmoussa tried to meet the French Minister of Foreign Affairs Laurent Fabius to express "dissatisfaction" over the incident, but was only received by the his chief of cabinet.
The incident came in a period where Moroccan authorities have been complaining about a number of incidents, including; a lawsuit filed in France against Abdellatif Hammouchi (the head of the Moroccan secret services), for allegedly torturing suspects (such as Zakaria Moumni), which prompted Morocco to suspend judiciary cooperation with France and is currently under investigation by French judges. And an alleged quote by the French ambassador the the UN, in which he described the Moroccan state as a "mistress" that you don't love but have to defend. The quote allegedly came as an allegorical reply to actor Javier Bardem who inquired him about France's position on Western Sahara in the security council.

</doc>
<doc id="36744102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744102" title="Jan van Loggerenberg">
Jan van Loggerenberg

Lieutenant General Jan van Loggerenberg SSAS SD SOE was a South African military commander, who held the post of Chief of the South African Air Force.
He joined the Air force in 1954 and obtained a BMil degree from the South African Military Academy, earning the Student of the Year award in 1957. In 1959, he was appointed a flying instructor at Central Flying school.
He joined 1 Squadron and 2 Squadron before moving to 24 Squadron flying Buccaneers. He also attended a Canberra conversion course in England. In 1971, he was appointed Military Attache in Paris, France. On his return to South Africa, he was appointed the head of the South African Military Academy. He was appointed Chief of Staff operations in 1979.
In 1984, he was appointed Director: Operations of the SADF and in 1988 he was appointed Chief of the Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="36744106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744106" title="Alcyonium">
Alcyonium

Alcyonium is a genus of soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.
Species.
Species in the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="36744113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744113" title="Pottan Theyyam">
Pottan Theyyam

Pottan Theyyam is a vivid, lively and colorful ritualistic dance which comes in the traditional art form of theyyam, and is an essential part of the cultural heritage of Kolathunadu, a territory comprising the present Kannur district and parts of Calicut and Kasargod districts of Kerala, India. It is a form of resistance, symbolizing goodness that would wipe out the social evils in the community. The theyyam re-enacts in ritualistic expressions the life of those personalities who had laid down their life for a social cause and is termed as a social satire.

</doc>
<doc id="36744130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744130" title="Christiaan Cicek">
Christiaan Cicek

Christiaan Cicek (born 3 December 1988, Hengelo) is a Dutch-Aramean footballer who plays as a striker for SVZW in the Dutch Hoofdklasse.
Christiaan Cicek's debut was on 12 September 2011 for FC Zwolle against Helmond Sport. 
Before Christiaan Cicek came to PEC Zwolle he did a soccer internship for Syrianska FC .

</doc>
<doc id="36744131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744131" title="Anno Online">
Anno Online

Anno Online is a free-to-play strategy browser game by Ubisoft. It is a spinoff of the Anno series.
It is currently in open beta in German and the Netherlands. English closed beta started on April 23, 2013, and open beta started on May 14, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36744148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744148" title="Beth Myers">
Beth Myers

Beth Myers (born 1957) is an American political consultant, campaign advisor, and attorney who has held senior positions in the political campaigns and the Massachusetts governorship of Mitt Romney, the nominee of the Republican Party for President of the United States in the 2012 election.
Early life and career.
Myers was born in North Carolina, but spent her childhood in Ohio and upstate New York. After graduating from Tufts University with a degree in English in 1979, she joined Ronald Reagan’s 1980 presidential campaign, becoming an early protege of Republican campaign political strategist Karl Rove. Her task in the campaign was overseeing voter identification programs in rural counties throughout Texas. During the 1980s she worked for the state election campaigns of Ray Shamie in Massachusetts, serving as Shamie's deputy campaign manager, and of Governor Bill Clements in Texas. She earned a Juris Doctor degree from Southern Methodist University School of Law in 1991. After law school, she worked as a litigation associate at Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer, & Feld LLP. Myers settled with her husband in Massachusetts, where she served as chief of staff to former state treasurer Joe Malone. In 1998, she retired from politics to stay at home and raise her two young children.
Gubernatorial experience.
Myers returned to politics during Mitt Romney’s 2002 campaign for the governorship of Massachusetts, in which she would play the role of the Democratic opponent during debate rehearsals. After helping Romney win the governor's race, Myers served as Romney’s chief of staff during his four years in office (2003—2006).
The Shawmut Group.
On Romney’s leaving the governor’s office in 2006, Myers co-founded a consulting firm, The Shawmut Group, along with two other senior Romney advisors, Eric Fehrnstrom and Peter Flaherty. One of their most prominent clients has been Scott Brown, a then little-known Republican state senator whom they helped win the 2010 special election to fill the U.S. Senate seat formerly held by Democrat Ted Kennedy. Myers has also advised Republican Rick Lazio in his unsuccessful 2010 campaign against Andrew Cuomo for the governorship of New York. Mitt Romney's Free and Strong America PAC is another client of The Shawmut Group.
2008 presidential campaign.
Myers worked closely with Romney again in 2007–08, serving as campaign manager in his bid for the presidency.
2012 presidential campaign.
In April 2012, Romney announced that he had chosen Myers to lead his presidential campaign’s search to help him select a vice presidential candidate.
Romney aides have described Myers as Romney's most trusted advisor.
Subsequent Career.
In 2013, Myers was a signatory to an amicus curiae brief submitted to the Supreme Court in support of same-sex marriage during the Hollingsworth v. Perry case.

</doc>
<doc id="36744151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744151" title="Feras Taleb">
Feras Taleb

Feras Taleb is a Jordanian football Goalkeeper who played for Jordan in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Buqa

</doc>
<doc id="36744212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744212" title="Kane 103.7 FM">
Kane 103.7 FM

Kane 103.7 FM, also known as Kane FM or simply Kane, is a UK not-for profit local community radio station, broadcasting on FM and online across Guildford in Surrey and in the surrounding areas.
History.
Kane FM started as a pirate radio station in the early 1990s. The opportunity arose in 2004 to prove the demand for the service through a Restricted Service License. It lasted 28 days, was listened to in over 30 different countries and represented the best in independent music culture, featuring Ram Records (Drum and Bass), True Tiger (UKG, Dubstep, Grime), Grant Nelson (House), Low Life Records (Hip Hop), and hundreds of other labels, producers and DJ's within the UK circuit.
It has now grown into a non-for profit community radio station to benefit the youth of tomorrow. All profits generated are used to drive social gain and community cohesion. Donations can be made online via the official website.
On 24 February 2010 Ofcom awarded Kane FM with a Community Radio License.
Kane FM officially begun broadcasting in October 2011 on 103.7FM and online.
DJs and shows.
The Kane FM family consists of over 140 producers, DJs and MCs who all in their spare time contribute to the running of the station, overseen by the station Management Team. This includes some well known names in the UK circuit. All of Kane FM shows are archived and can be listened to again, DJ's will individually post these to various social media sites via their fan pages on Twitter, Facebook and Mixcloud.
MCs.
MRFame, Squeaky Da Rixter (Diversion Tactics]), Dark-D
Guests and appearances.
Shows on Kane FM may sometimes include guest appearances from DJs, artists, performers and members of the local community – to discuss local issues and events – and some feature live performances from bands and vocal artists.
Guest artists/performers.
MJ Cole, Tippa Irie, Krust, Morgan Khan, Dextrous, Amoss, Macca B, LTJ Bukem, L Double, Maldini & Vegas, Klute, Teebee, DJ Fierce (The Quarantine Show), Carlos Rodriguez, Mare139, Keen ROC-Ghs, Dave The Hair, Magic Ben, Pyramid, Ronnie Turner, DJ Omas (Daye & Aver Crew), DJ Dozer, DJ N.V., Jokerstarr, Subtifuge, Terry T, Owl Vinyl, DJ Vertical, Jimmy P, DJ Scatty, Thefft, Metrist, Zack Christ, Dam Mantle.
Promoters.
Promoters are affiliated with Kane FM – that regularly host events in venues across Surrey and surrounding counties – such as Rotation (DnB), Squeeze (House/The Big Summer Squeeze Festival), Essence of Chi & Audio Nights.
The Boileroom and The Astolat public house, The Electric Theater and Five & Lime in Guildford, are just a number of venues utilised for these popular events.
Sponsorship and advertising.
On January 6, 2010, Kane FM secured funding and on August 19, 2010 were awarded a grant from the National Lottery to enable the construction of the new broadcasting studios and production office.
Kane FM begun broadcasting officially – live and legally – less than two months later.
Through advertising bi-hourly between shows, Kane FM also receive local sponsorship from businesses and trades in and around the Guildford area. These include Dance2 Records, Decade Store and The Holroyd – in Guildford – and services Alcoholics Anonymous and Copy My PC
Local charity events and fundraisers are also advertised between shows, usually as prerecorded public service announcements or described by the presenters as part of their show.
Events.
At Guilfest, a summer weekend event held in Guildford, The Funky End Tent is presented by Kane FM – where a number of DJs, producers and MCs host several sets across a variety of dance music genres, as well as some huge names in music like Andy C and Benga.
In 2012 some of the Producers and DJs from Kane FM participated in the London to Brighton Bike Ride, and through advertising on their own shows accumulated over £2000 in sponsorship for the British Heart Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36744226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744226" title="Urban Rusnák">
Urban Rusnák

Urban Rusnák is a Slovak diplomat and academic.
He was born on 9 September 1967 in Košice, Czechoslovakia). He holds a M.Sc. from the Moscow University of Oil and Gas, and a Ph.D. in Public Administration and Political Sciences from the Institute of Social Sciences of Ankara University. Rusnák wrote his thesis on the Geopolitics of Oil and Gas in the Caspian region.
Diplomatic service.
He joined the Czechoslovak foreign ministry and its diplomatic corps in 1992. Following the Velvet Revolution and the breakup of Czechoslovakia in 1993, he decided to stay with the newly formed Slovak Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Soon after he was assigned his first diplomatic mission, in Ankara, Turkey, .
Rusnák was the first Director of the International Visegrad Fund, (IVF)a fund supporting in the cultural and political cooperation of the four countries involved in the Visegrad Group. Under his leadership the Fund gained significant recognition in the four respective nations and rapidly increased in size. 
Rusnák served as the extraordinary and plenipotentiary ambassador of the Slovak Republic to Ukraine from 2005 to 2009. During his service in Kyiv, he was involved in the resolution of the 2009 Russia–Ukraine gas dispute, which caused a significant disruption of gas deliveries to the eastern countries of the EU such as Slovakia and Bulgaria.
On 29 November 2011, Rusnák was elected as the General Secretary of the Energy Charter Secretariat. 
Academics.
Rusnák is a lecturer and author of professional articles on the topics of international relations, energy security and development. He was a Lecturer at the Kiev Slavonic University (2005-2009) and at the International Relations Faculty of the University of Economics in Bratislava (2000-2003). He also made guest appearances at University of Wolverhampton and Uzhhorod National University. He was Chairman of the Editorial Board of the Slovak Institute for International Studies (2000-2003), Editor in Chief for the "MFA International Issues Journal" (1998-1999) and is on the editorial board of the Slovak Foreign Policy Association. He is author or co-author of several articles such as "Development Assistance and Cooperation"

</doc>
<doc id="36744236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744236" title="Jean-Étienne Waddens">
Jean-Étienne Waddens

Jean-Étienne Waddens (son of Adam Samuel Waddens(Vaudin) and Bernardine Ermon) was born in 1737 and was killed during an argument with Peter Pond in 1782 on Lac La Ronge. He came to Canada as a soldier then worked in the fur trade until his death.
Jean-Etienne Waddens married Marie Josephe De Guire on November 23, 1761, in St Laurent near Montreal.
Their children were Josepha Waddens and Veronique Waddens.
Another daughter, from a marriage "à la façon du pays" (in the style of the country), Marguerite Waddens married Alexander MacKay a fur trader.

</doc>
<doc id="36744239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744239" title="Airglow (aircraft)">
Airglow (aircraft)

Airglow is a human powered aircraft. It was designed and developed by brothers John and Mark McIntyre of Cambridgeshire, England.
Development.
John McIntyre holds a marine engineering degree, and Mark McIntyre is a professional model-builder, both brothers were keen aero-modelers and had a history of building creative contraptions including a sail-propelled-bicycle and a hot-air-balloon which carried a camera. Work on Airglow began after John accompanied Daedalus on its epic flight. Airglow was built over a three year period to exacting standards, any part not perfect was scrapped and re-built. Testament to this is the fact that airglow is one of the lightest HPA ever built, and has had a flying life longer than any other. Airglow took longer to build than was expected, in Johns words “We thought that if Dr Who could build a trans-dimensional flux damper in less than one episode that what we wanted to do would be simple” 
Unlike many HPA builders Airglow wasn’t built to break records or win Kremer prizes. Johns states that it was built ‘for delight’ and because ‘it’s fun to make things’.
Airglow first flew at 6am on 20-July-1990 at Duxford Airfield, England. The pilot was seventeen year old Nick Weston. Airglow’s first performance was impressive, the aircraft flew on only the 2nd attempt, and by the end of the day had managed three more flights, the longest being about a quarter of a mile.
Over the next five years airglow made between 50 and 100 flights with no accidents. Typical flights would be the length of the runway, the longest flight was about 2 miles long. In 1992 Airglow was taken to Germany and flown by Peer Frank (designer of Velair 88 and Velair 89) at the Grob airfield at Mindelheim.
Pressure of work meant that after 1995 airglow rarely flew, in 2010 it was passed on to the Royal Aeronautical Society.
Design.
Airglow is a conventionally configured aircraft, the main wing forward, tail and elevator at the back, with a ‘pusher’ prop situated about a quarter of the way down the tail boom. The pilot sits recumbent in a streamlined nacelle with an open side to provide cooling. The drive mechanism is a combination of pedals, a gearbox, drive shafts and chains, powering a 2.95 meter two-bladed propeller mounted concentrically with the boom.
Airglow was designed with an all-flying rudder and elevator for yaw and pitch, plus rotating wing tips for lateral stability. The aircraft employs a simple fly-by-wire control system based on lightweight control servos more normally found on radio controlled model aircraft. The rotating wingtips had limited success, and have since been fixed in a single position. The aircraft now relies on the rudder alone for turning, lateral stability is provided for by increased wing dihedral.
Power requirements vary from about 450-500 watts on take-off to about 275-300 watts for sustained flight. Power requirements increase noticeably in anything other than nil-wind conditions.
Current Status.
After an over a year in the custodianship of the Royal Aeronautical Society Airglow was brought out of retirement in 2011 and passed on to P&M Aviation. Despite being left for several years in a shed in the bottom of a garden the aircraft required little more than some oil on the moving parts before being flown again on the 29th of September at Kemble by Robin Kraike of P&M Aviation and Dr Bill Brookes from the Human Powered Flight Group of the Royal Aeronautical Society.
Airglow flew at Lasham airfield on the 13th November 2011 as part of the 50th Anniversary celebrations of Derek Piggott’s pioneering HPA flight in SUMPAC.
Icarus Cup.
In August 2012 Airglow competed in the Icarus Cup at Lasham airfield against 4 other HPA. Flying in a number of events including duration, slalom, speed, un-assisted take-off and precision landing Airglow won most of the individual events and the overall competition. During the competition airglow achieved flights of well over a kilometer at speeds approaching 9 m/s. These flights were only brought to an end when the pilots ran out of airfield.
Ongoing development.
Airglow is currently being worked on by a small team of pilots and engineers using Airglow as a flying test bed for HPA improvements. Airglows modular design allows refinement of different sections of the aircraft (propeller, rudder, elevator, drive chain, wings etc.) without requiring major work to the rest of the aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="36744255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744255" title="Micaela Schaefer">
Micaela Schaefer

Micaela Schaefer (Micaela Schäfer, born November 1, 1983 in Leipzig, Germany), is a German C-promi, naked body presenter, DJ and singer. She was Miss East Germany 2004, Miss Venus 2005, The Face Of Campari 2005 and Miss Maxim 2006. She also ranked eighth place in the first cycle of "Germany's Next Top Model" in 2006.
Biography and career.
Micaela Schaefer was born in Leipzig, Germany and lived there for two years before moving to Berlin. As a child she attended ballet school. After finishing high school, she studied as a pharmacy technician before she started her modeling career.
As a model/actress.
In 2006, Schaefer attended the casting call on the first season of the ProSieben show "Germany's Next Top Model", where she finished eighth. Before that she had the title "Miss Maxim", "Miss Venus" and "Miss East Germany". This was followed by television appearances on "Big Brother", the RTL-2 production "Cinderella experiment", "Das Supertalent" and "Das Perfekte Dinner". She was also seen as a supporting actress in television series, such as "R. I. S. – Die Sprache der Toten", "Der Kriminalist" and "Anna und die Liebe". In 2012, Schaefer appeared in the sixth season of "I'm a Celebrity - Get Me out of Here!", finishing in fourth place.
As a singer.
In 2009, Schaefer released "Life Is Just a Game", in collaboration with Loona. In the end of 2011, Schaefer sang "Subway to Paradise", with the model Franziska Czurratis. The duo was previously known as "La Mica & the Fränzi" at the Super Talent. In 2012, Schaefer, again with Loona, released their second song "So Much Love".
As a DJ.
In clubs, Schaefer goes by the name La Mica[http://micaela-s.de/clubtour]. She can be found in house and techno clubs, at times completely naked.
Other appearances.
Erotic pictures of Schaefer have appeared in the men's magazines, "Playboy", "Men's Health" and "FHM".
Schaefer hosted different porn fairs and modeled in the Berlin Fashion Week. In 2010, shots from a lingerie shoot of Schaefer were used for a porn film. Schaefer is a marketing partner of the erotic portal Fundorado.
In March 2012, she participated in ProSieben's Celebrity Boxing, where she lost to Indira Weis by points.

</doc>
<doc id="36744256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744256" title="Rudi Hübner">
Rudi Hübner

Rudi Hübner (born June 15, 1986) is a German footballer who currently plays for FSV Fernwald.

</doc>
<doc id="36744270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744270" title="Taghreedat">
Taghreedat

Taghreedat () is the largest Arabic crowdsourcing initiative in the MENA region. With a community of over 9,000 Arab translators, editors and writers residing in 35 countries around the world, of which are 20 Arab countries, Taghreedat aims to build an active Arabic digital content creation community that contributes directly and significantly to increasing the quality and quantity of Arabic content on the web, through crowdsourcing to increase Arab users' contribution to enriching Arabic content on the web through original content projects, and projects geared towards localization and Arabization.
Starting on May 31, 2011, on Twitter, as a call to action to increase the quality and quantity of Arabic digital content on Twitter via the hashtag #letstweetinarabic, Taghreedat has created a community of Arabic digital content enthusiasts from all parts of the Arab world, through its verified account on Twitter: @Taghreedat, which has over 142,000 followers.
Taghreedat has collaborated with a number of international and regional stakeholders, among which are San Francisco-based organizations and companies including: Twitter, the Wikimedia Foundation, Storify, Easy Chirp, Meedan, Khan Academy, Google, WhatsApp, Easy Chirp, Coursera and Amara in addition to New York-based TED, Smartling and Foursquare in addition to Europe-based GameLoft and Abu Dhabi based twofour54 – the supporting organization which currently funds this initiative.
Partnerships and collaborations.
Taghreedat has collaborated with the following international digital content companies and organizations:
Taghreedat's projects.
Twitter Arabization Project.
The first of Taghreedat's projects which commenced on October 22, 2011, Taghreedat gathered a group of volunteers to Arabize over 190 Twitter glossary terms from English to Arabic to be then applied on Twitter's Arabic interface. Taghreedat collaborated with Twitter to develop such glossary, through a campaign that the initiative launched under the hashtag #letstweetinarabic to create momentum and awareness and was considered by Twitter as a grassroots step in the eventual launch of Twitter's Arabic interface, which Taghreedat and thousands of Arab volunteers at Twitter's Translation Center have contributed to make it a reality.
Arabic Wikipedia Editors Program.
In cooperation of the Wikimedia Foundation, Taghreedat has launched the Arabic Wikipedia Editors Program – a regional program which targets regular Internet users to train them (both online & offline) become Arabic Wikipedia editors. The program is composed of two main components: online training as well as offline workshops (training component) in addition to a reward component in the form of official certificates that the volunteer participants will be receiving. The project was launched in mid June 2012 and continues to attract new Arabic Wikipedia editors.
Storify Arabization Project.
In mid May 2012, Taghreedat announced that it has started working with San Francisco-based Storify, the online curation social platform, to Arabize its website interface. Crowd-sourced community work on the project continued for 3 weeks until June 7, 2012. Starting July, Taghreedat has started working with Storify on the back-end to ensure the Arabic Storify interface is implemented while taking Arabic text placement in consideration. When launched, Arabic will become among the first 3 languages to be applied to the online curation website interface.
First Arabic Tech/Web 2.0 Dictionary.
Taghreedat is developing the first crowd-sourced Arabic technology dictionary for technology and social media terms, translated from English to Arabic. The dictionary comprises over 6,500 technology terms in various fields, including: cyber safety, cyber security, graphic design, PC terminology and more. Started in mid June 2012, work is currently ongoing to gather the Taghreedat community votes on all 6500 terms. The dictionary, expected to be launched later this year, has attracted the attention of a number of US and UK media outlets, tipping it as the first crowd-sourced collection of Arabic technology terms in the MENA region.
TED Website Localization Project.
On September 4, 2012, Taghreedat announced that it has begun working with the TED headquarters in New York to localize its official website into Arabic for the first time. The project will be carried our by Taghreedat's volunteer base, applying the same crowdsourcing model that Taghreedat has applied in its previous localization projects with Twitter and Storify.
Memorandum of Understanding with Meedan.
At its panel discussion session with a number of its international stakeholders including Twitter, Storify and Meedan, Taghreedat announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Meedan, the California based social translation and software NGO. This collaboration focuses on translating Open Education Resources (OER), and hence increasing the availability of educational resources in Arabic language for users worldwide, particularly students.
The partnership will promote Taghreedat and Meedan's common goal of providing access to high quality Arabic digital educational content, Open Educational Resources, through online social translation software in the Middle East.
This new agreement will allow Meedan, which has been working on building an online translation community since 2008, to focus its resources on program and software design and delivery. Taghreedat will work towards translating all online educational content and dialogue initiatives into Arabic through its active social media community of over 2500 volunteers.
Khan Academy Video Subtitling Project.
On November 6, 2012, Khan Academy launched an effort with Taghreedat to localize its educational video library into Arabic, offering an opportunity for all Arabic speaking learners worldwide to access a vast amount of quality open educational resources in their native language for free. The project came as the first tangible outcome of Taghreedat's MoU with California-based Meedan, which was signed in October at the Abu Dhabi Media Summit. The partnership directly falls into Arabizing Open Educational Resources and marks the beginning of a larger call to action to channel Arab users' enthusiasm to enrich Arabic content online into more areas than interface localization.
Arabic Web Days Program.
On November 23, 2012, Google announced the launch of "Arabic Web Days" to enrich digital Arabic content, through a series of activities and initiatives to be implemented by a group of prominent international bodies and regional shows in Middle East and North Africa over a month.
Google has partnered with Vinelab, Taghreedat and Wamda to shape the program, which also saw involvement of Twitter, WikiPedia, TED, Soundcloud and YouTube. The program was supported by local expertise from the Media Zone Authority in Abu Dhabi, twofour54 and Qatar Research Institute for Computing (QCRI).
Tajseed: the MENA Region's First Infographics Competition.
As part of Arabic web days, Taghreedat has announced on November 26, 2012 that it has partnered with Tajseed, the MENA region's first Arabic infographics competition, to launch the competition in its second round with the goal of amplifying the competition's goal and discovering Arab talent in the infographics field.
Tajseed's first round had attracted over 40,000 visits to the website: tajseed.net and over 10,000 views to the competition video when it was first launched. By the end of the first round, over 300 Arabic infographics submissions were received and the winners were all announced in May 2012.
WikiQuote Project.
In cooperation with the Wikimedia Foundation, Taghreedat is contributing to Wikimedia's WikiQuote project, a Wikipedia sister project that collects various popular quotes and cultural sayings from around the world. Taghreedat will be contributing with around 2,000 Arabic quotes – originating from the Arab world or translated into Arabic to enrich the Repository. The project started in May 2012 and will continue throughout the year.
WhatsApp Localization Project.
On January 13, 2013, Taghreedat launched a collaboration with WhatsApp to improve the localization of its applicants on various mobile devices. The project attracted over 2,600 Arab volunteers who joined the WhatsApp Translation Center to suggest variations and add votes to the Arabic strings localized at the Translation Center. The project was followed by a collaboration between Taghreedat and WhatsApp to carry out the translation and localization of WhatsApp on Windows Phone 8.
GameLoft Website Localization Project.
On February 26, 2013, Taghreedat announced its latest localization partnership with Gameloft, one of the top global gaming companies and producer of global gaming brands including Batman, Spider-Man, Ice Age, Rayman, Asphalt among others. The project was to localize over 250 strings of which the Gameloft website was comprised. The project marked the first time a global gaming company agrees to localize its website into Arabic to cater to Arabic speaking users particularly in the Middle East. Over 1,000 volunteers joined the project.
Wikimedia Commons Project.
On April 6, 2013, Taghreedat announced its latest partnership with the Wikimedia Foundation to increase awareness, build interest and foster participation among Arabic social media users in Wikimedia Commons. Users were encouraged to register Wikipedoa usernames and then upload their own work on Commons. More than 1800 volunteers signed up for the project.
Easy Chirp Localization Project.
On May 1, 2013, Taghreedat launched a collaboration with Easy Chirp, the accessible Twitter application for the blind and visually impaired. The project entailed localizing all 400 strings of the application to be then delivered to Easy Chirp prior to the launch of the application in Arabic language for the first time. In 10 days, over 1800 Arab volunteers signed up to participate in the project. All strings were completed within 24 hours after the project launch.
Coursera and Taghreedat: Arabic OER Partnership.
On May 19, 2013, Taghreedat announced a partnership with Coursera, the world’s leading Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) provider to translate major international university courses across multiple disciplines for all Arab students around the world, for free. 
Top global universities including Stanford, Yale, Columbia, Georgia, Duke, Northwestern, Pennsylvania, Princeton, Edinburgh and many others are offering a number of their courses for free on Coursera in English language. With this partnership, some of the world’s top university courses will finally be accessible for free for all Arabic speaking users. 
Taghreedat’s 9,000 translators, writers and editors in 37 countries worldwide started to be involved in translating two university courses marking the official kick off of the collaboration with Coursera. Stanford University’s Math Think Course and Duke University’s Behavioral Economics will be the first two courses to be localized – with plans for more courses to follow. A group of Taghreedat translation language moderators will be managing the project quality throughout the following weeks to ensure the courses are localized accurately and are accent-free.
Amara.org Partnership.
On August 30, 2013, Taghreedat announced a partnership with leading subtitling and captioning provider, Amara.org. Working with thousands of Arabic translators in the Taghreedat community, Amara and Taghreedat will be providing quality crowd-sourced Arabic subtitles to a wide range of organizations, businesses and projects worldwide. Amara will be involving top Taghreedat subtitlers and reviewers in major subtitling projects with some of the leading video producing organizations around the globe. Taghreedat will also carry out major Arabic subtitling projects on the platform, furthering its mission and commitment to increase Arabic digital content on the web.

</doc>
<doc id="36744276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744276" title="Uwe Hesse">
Uwe Hesse

Uwe Hesse (born December 16, 1987) is a German footballer who plays for SV Darmstadt 98.

</doc>
<doc id="36744281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744281" title="Rasim Kerimow">
Rasim Kerimow

Rasim Kerimow is a Turkmenistan football Defender who played for Turkmenistan in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for FC Chita, Nisa Asgabat, Vorskla, Ahal Annau.

</doc>
<doc id="36744289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744289" title="List of locations with love locks">
List of locations with love locks

Love locks (also known as love padlocks and, in Taiwan, wish locks) are padlocks customarily affixed to fences, gates, bridges or similar public fixtures by sweethearts to symbolize their everlasting love.
Asia.
Philippines.
Lovers put padlocks on the bridge of National Shrine of Our Mother of Perpetual Help (Baclaran Church)
China.
Nearly every metal chain-link fence or metal pole in Mount Huang, China has been adorned with padlocks, where it is customary to 'lock your soul' together and then throw the key over the edge of the cliff into the misty valleys below. It is suggested that the custom of 'locking a padlock and throwing away the key' probably originated in China.
Israel.
Locks can be found on several locations in Israel including the Chelouche Bridge in Neve Tzedek, Tel Aviv, and attached to the pedestrian bridge over the HaYarkon River () between the Tel Aviv Harbor and the Reading Bus Terminal.
Japan.
The practice has also gained popularity in Tokyo, Japan among young couples, and padlocks are appearing, especially around teen hang outs.
At the cliffside (Koibito-no-oka) on Enoshima island is a pavilion with a bell that is dedicated to a mythology of a five-headed dragon who loved a heavenly maiden until he died. Couples ring the bell together to vow each other eternal love and a huge number of them emphasize that with a lock at the fence around the pavilion.
At Nihonkai Fishermans Cape is a Lover's Point where chains have to be used to hang the padlocks at the thick beams of a wooden fence.
South Korea.
Along the fences on the 'N Plaza' ground terrace (east and south) and roof terrace (west) attached to the N Seoul Tower on Mt. Namsan in central Seoul, thousands of locks have been hung to represent the love of their owners. The keys for the locks are often thrown away as an ensurance the sweethearts’ vows to never separate. Due to the danger posed by thrown keys, the tower operator has posted warning signs and provided a "key bin" for their disposal. Additionally, a construction made of metal rods that looked like a bell was added at the southern end of the 'Reed of Light Garden' on ground terrace level for more locks. Later, the grass and the bell alike construction was replaced by seven 'Love Trees' to accommodate enough space for more locks. Due to safety issues, the fence at the ground terrace was removed along with the 'Reed of Light' and replaced by a glass fence. In these days (2014), the fences at the 'Roof Terrace' are decorated with several layers of locks. The roof terrace accommodates also the about seven feet high and wide stainless steel heart, that is not intended to be decorated with padlocks. But several lovers found a way to padlock locks inside the huge heart. 
There is also a similar tradition at the Busan Tower in Busan.
Taiwan.
In Fengyuan, Taiwan, young people affix padlocks engraved with wishes (often of love or success) to an overpass at the city's train station. These locks are known as "wish locks"; a common practice is for lovers to affix two padlocks close to each other or padlocked together ("heart locks"). Local legend holds that the magnetic field generated by trains passing underneath will cause energy to accumulate in the locks and fulfill the wishes.
Malaysia.
Love Lock Penang Hill was recently launched on 13 February 2014 at Penang Hill, Penang, Malaysia.
Thailand.
Many couples visit Khao Tang Kuan (เขาตังกวน) at Samila Beach where there is a Dvaravati chedi housing the Buddha’s relics built during the Nakhon Si Thammarat Empire, and place a ‘love lock’ on the hilltop to secure their love for each other.
Europe.
Love-locks started appearing in European cities in the early 2000s (decade).
Austria.
In Vienna love locks can be found on the Erdberger bridge and in Salzburg, on the Mozart Bridge.
Belgium.
Love padlocks are attached to the Â«Slot van "A"Â» art piece () along the Scheldt, not far from MAS Museum in Antwerp.
It was officially opened on November 28, 2012.
There is room for 50,000 locks. If you are a geocacher you can seek for a geocache.
Croatia.
On the bridge at the beginning of the breakwater in Rijeka harbour, on peninsula of Sveti Petar (Makarska, Croatia) in Makarska and in front of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Zagreband in Dubrovnik on Boninovo.
Czech Republic.
In Prague, love padlocks can be found in Malá Strana district on a small pedestrian bridge over a sidearm of the Vltava in front of a water wheel (). The name of the adjacent street is "Velkopřevorské náměsti" (Grand Priory Square). (The location is just next to the John Lennon Wall.)
Padlocks have also started to appear at the Charles Bridge (Karlův most), attached to the ornamental rails and some sculptures.
Denmark.
Love padlocks are attached to the fence along the Bryggebroen, a pedestrian/bicycling bridge that spans Copenhagen Harbour.
Estonia.
In Keila-Joa newlyweds attach padlocks to an iron footbridge over the Keila River near Keila Waterfall. This has been a common practice since at least the early 1990s.
Finland.
In Helsinki, love padlocks can be found on the pedestrian bridge from Meritullintori to Katajanokka. In Tampere they can be found on the Tammerkoski Rapids overpass. They have also appeared on the Theater Bridge (Teatterisilta) in Turku and the Rönö and Keilankanta bridges in Kuopio.
France.
Love padlocks can be found attached to the Pont des Arts, Passerelle Léopold-Sédar-Senghor and the Pont de l'Archevêché bridges in Paris. In May 2010, Paris Town Hall expressed concern over the growing number of love-locks, stating: "they raise problems for the preservation of our architectural heritage". Love locks disappeared suddenly in 2010, but the Administration denied responsibility. The Pont de l'Archevêché saw the return of those love-locks immediately. At Pont des Arts, several times during the years when love locks were padlocked to the railing, the authorities replaced damaged railings.
Despite of these inspections at Whitsun Sunday 08 June 2014 several meters of the railing fell away. During that process the bridge was evacuated and closed until a temporary solution was installed.
Germany.
In 2009 love locks started appearing on the Hohenzollern Bridge in Cologne, Germany. Deutsche Bahn, the bridge's operator, threatened to have the locks removed, but relented in the face of public opposition.
Love Locks have also started to appear on the Eiserner Steg Bridge in Frankfurt.The latest one just opened in Lübeck, Regensburg and Munich. And Stadthausbrücke in Hamburg.
A small bridge along the Pegnitz river in the heart of Nuremberg is also the home to several hundred love locks. Love locks also appear on other places, such as on the protective fence around the Valentin submarine pens.
Locks have also appeared recently on the stone bridge over the Neckar River in Heidelberg.
Also a few love locks have started to appear on the Kennedy Bridge in Bonn, former capital city of Germany.
Hungary.
In Pécs, both students and lovers began to clamp padlocks to a wrought-iron fence in a narrow street linking the mosque in the city's main square and the magnificent medieval cathedral in the 1980s either as a symbol of the struggle to complete their study programme or a symbol of their commitment to one another. However, after the fence was completely covered and no more padlocks could be added, couples, both locals and tourists, began attaching them to fences and statues throughout the town center.
On top of the mausoleum in Baja, Hungary, hundreds of love padlocks are attached. Probably encouraged by the example of Pécs, lovers of Miskolc, Hungary, have started to fasten padlocks on the fence of the bridge at Szinva Terrace in Miskolc, a city in the northern part of the country.
Iceland.
Several padlocks are attached to the Miðlína bridge on the Reykjanes peninsula.
Ireland.
Ha'penny Bridge, Dublin is not officially a love lock bridge. Locks are removed regularly as they damage the 200-year old national monument and are considered acts of vandalism.
Italy.
First starting at the bridge Ponte Milvio in Rome the ritual of love padlocks has gained a significant presence in Italy, mainly inspired by a fictional event in the book "I Want You" by Italian author Federico Moccia, who later made it into the film-adaptation "Ho voglia di te".
In Florence, Italy, love padlocks have been affixed to the railing around and near the statue of Benvenuto Cellini located at the centre of the Ponte Vecchio. In Bologna on the Via Malcontenti.
The same happens in Ventimiglia on the Passerella Squarciafichi between the old town and the new part of the town and in Turin, Italy, in several parts of the city.
Perhaps the most famous example in Italy takes place on the Via Dell'Amore, a path connecting the towns of Manarola and Riomaggiore in the Cinque Terre. The pathway's legend holds that it was a meeting place for lovers from the two towns, and is now a favorite site for tourists to place their locks and throw the keys into the sea.
Love padlocks are also attached to the Ponte Talvera in Bolzano, a short walk west from the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology, in Verona on some of the bridges and also at 'Casa Di Giulietta', as well as in Peschici on the lookout over the sea near the castle.
Latvia.
Similar customs exist in Riga, the capital of Latvia, where married couples clamp padlocks on the railings of a bridge and throw the key into Riga city canal or river Daugava.
Lithuania.
Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, has a bridge near Užupis where this tradition has been upheld, too.
Malta.
Love padlocks are a new sight at the Sliema Strand where a small bridge at Tigné Point overlooks the historical city of Valletta, with its majestic 16th-century fortifications. This romantic hotspot attracts both locals and tourists, who, entrapped by the surrounding beauty, clamp padlocks on the railings of a bridge and throw its key into the Mediterranean sea below to mark their undying love.
Netherlands.
Love padlocks are attached to the "Lock of Love" art piece in Delfshaven, a district in Rotterdam, at the address Havenstraat 53 by the Lage Erfbrug. The art piece by the Dutch art collective BLISS is a loveseat made of red painted forged steel in the shape of hearts. It is the winning design in a contest and was officially opened on Valentine's Day, February 14, 2010.
Recently (2012) people started attaching Love Padlocks to the Rijnhavenbrug in Rotterdam, between Katendrecht and the Kop van Zuid.
And in Amsterdam some love padlocks are starting to appear at the Oosterdok bridge near NEMO.
Also in Valkenburg aan de Geul the railings of the small wooden Old Hickory bridge (opposite the old church) crossing the river Geul between the Pelerinstrast and the Casinoplein is slowly gathering a collection of padlocks.
Norway.
There is a small number of padlocks in the area of Osebro in Porsgrunn. The keys are thrown in the river Leirkupp. It is a nice romantic spot
Poland.
Love padlocks are attached to the Tumski Bridge over the branch of the Oder river in Wrocław, Lower Silesian Voivodeship and Kładka Ojca Bernatka in Kraków. The keys for the locks are mostly thrown into the river.
Portugal.
Love locks have began to show up at Gloria's Lift (Elevador da Glória) in Lisbon and also in Oporto.
Russia.
In Moscow Padlocks have also appeared in Russia on iron bar tree-shaped structures. Most are placed by newlyweds on the Luzhkov Bridge in downtown Moscow.
Irkutsk – Although a few are visible on Google maps, there are many more on this bridge now.
Serbia.
The Most Ljubavi, meaning ""Bridge of Love"", is the location where love padlocks can be found. The bridge is in Vrnjačka Banja, one of the oldest spa towns in Serbia. It is one of the famous landmarks of Vrnjačka Banja, and it is the best known among the town's 15 bridges.
The history behind the love padlocks in Serbia can be traced to even before World War II. Nada, a local schoolmistress from Vrnjačka Banja, fell in love with a Serbian officer named Relja. After they committed to each other, Relja went to World War I in Greece, where he fell in love with a local woman from Corfu. As a consequence, Relja and Nada broke off their engagement. Nada never recovered from that devastating blow, and after some time she died, as a result of her unfortunate love. As young girls from Vrnjačka Banja wanted to protect their own loves, they started writing down their names together with the names of their loved ones on padlocks and attaching them to the railings of the bridge where Nada and Relja used to meet. Consequently, it acquired the name "Bridge of Love".
Slovenia.
Love padlocks started to appear in the early July 2010 on the newly constructed Butcher Bridge, which connects the famous Jože Plečnik's marketplace with the opposite bank of the river Ljubljanica that runs through the capitol of Slovenia, Ljubljana.
The Butcher bridge is located west of the central Triple Bridge (Tromostovje) and is mainly used by pedestrians and cyclists.
Spain.
In Seville, padlocks were found adorning the bridge "Puente Isabel II" connecting the historic center of the city with the Triana, Seville neighborhood. However, they were taken down in 2009 due to the weight it was adding onto the bridge. The side of the bridge with the old locks is now under construction, while the other side is starting to get more locks from locals and tourists. Love padlocks can also be found above a well in Salamanca, Spain. Love locks have also recently been added to the statues surrounding the lake of Retiro Park in Madrid. A number of padlocks can be found at a viewing point below the Temple de Sagrat Cor at Tibidabo, overlooking Barcelona.
Other sites are: Bridge over Pisuerga River in Valladolid; bridge over Ebro River in Logroño; bridge over Tagus Riber in Aranjuez; Sa Palomera rock on the beach at Blanes on the Costa Brava; and the Galceran Bridge in Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands). Benidorm has an old spiral stone staircase with railings adorned with love locks near the harbour.
Sweden.
In Stockholm love padlocks can be found on Västerbron, while in Jönköping love padlocks can be found on Munksjöbron.
In Umeå a small number of locks can be seen on Notvarpsbron.
On several of the bridges in Slottsparken, Malmö padlocks have also begun to appear.
Switzerland.
In the center of Zurich, on the river Limmat, you'll find Mühlesteg Footbridge, a pedestrian bridge that connects Bahnhofquai and Limmatquai, where there are many love padlocks of various shapes and sizes. There's a spot for every couple in love!
Romania.
In Cluj-Napoca, on the Somes river, the Elisabetha pedestrian bridge is becoming a place where lovers lock their secret love.
In Timisoara, on the Bega canal, the pedestrian bridge on Splaiul Nistrului, between Decebal and Michelangelo bridges is one of the so-called love bridges.
Ukraine.
In Kiev love locks can be found on a pedestrian bridge over Volodymyrsky uzviz near the National Philharmonic building. In Odessa the "Mother-in-law" bridge, close to the sea port has many love locks along its length.
United Kingdom.
England.
In London, love padlocks are attached to various points along the fence on Tower Bridge and Millennium Bridge.
In Southport (Merseyside), an unknown couple have started the trend by attaching a love padlock to the suspension bridge. There are now many locks on Liverpool's Albert Dock, and there is a sign up that states "This is a special place for lovers! Interlock your padlocks on the railings and throw away the key into the Mersey. You will never lose your true love!" There are also several love padlocks on the bridge across the river Wharfe in Otley.
In Newcastle upon Tyne, love padlocks are attached to the east side of the High Level Bridge, close to the Gateshead bank. They started appearing in Spring 2013. They have appeared, also, on the bridge over the river Stour in Sudbury, Suffolk.
The Coach and Horses pub in Kibworth, Leicestershire, has a LoveScape in its rear parking area, which has locks from celebrities such as Michael Wood. The site was dedicated in 2012 for the Queen's Jubilee.
In the village of Martham, Norfolk there is chain-link fence in School Road that bears a number of these padlocks, and has done so for many years.
A growing number of love padlocks adorn a metal chain-link fence at Braithwaite Street, off Bethnal Green Road, by Shoreditch High Street Overground station, London E1. This is within a large area undergoing planning consultation and subsequent development as the "Goodsyard". It is not known at present (October 2013) if the plans include provision for retaining the padlocks and incorporating them into the multi-use development.
Many love locks are found in Leeds, on the Centenary Bridge over the River Aire.
Scotland.
In Glasgow love padlocks are attached to the fence behind the skatepark in Kelvingrove Park in the city's West End. There has also been an attachment on the Forth Road Bridge, Edinburgh. There are also some on the foot bridge in Pitlochry. A small number can be found on a footbridge near Cargill's Leap on the River Ericht in Blairgowrie, also in Perthshire.
More recently, these have also appeared in Ayr, South Ayrshire on Turners Bridge crossing the River Ayr. Lovelocks can also be found at the Falls of Feugh, Banchory.
One has been attached to the Skye bridge.
Northern Ireland.
Love locks have appeared on the Lagan Weir in Belfast.
North America.
Canada.
Love padlocks have appeared along the Wild Pacific Trail in Ucluelet, on the west coast of Vancouver Island.
This tradition is common in Vancouver, BC, where locks can be found along the Burrard Street Bridge and False Creek.
Love locks have found a home on the north side of Ottawa's Corktown Footbridge, near the University of Ottawa. They first started appearing shortly after the bridge was opened. Locks were cut from the bridge in 2011, though that did not deter people from keeping the established tradition alive.
Love locks have recently started appearing on the historic Finlay Bridge in Medicine Hat Alberta.
United States.
Ohio.
Love locks are appearing on the "Purple People Bridge", a pedestrian bridge connecting Cincinnati, OH to Newport, KY.
Oregon.
Vista Bridge
Pennsylvania.
Locks are also appearing on the pedestrian bridge between Ellesworth and Center Avenue in Shadyside.
Utah.
Love padlocks are showing up seemingly everywhere in Southern Utah. 
Mexico.
Baja California Sur
La Paz, Baja California Sur: the bridge next to the Windmill "Puente del Molinito", on the main boardwalk "Malecón" has received dozens of padlocks where young couples symbolize their love by joining the tradition of love padlocks. They are called "Padlocks of Destiny".
Oceania.
Australia.
Love padlocks have begun appearing along the fence at the Mt Keira lookout, just west of Wollongong, and along the Sea Cliff Bridge on the Grand Pacific Drive, just north of Wollongong. Wollongong is a major city in NSW just south of Sydney, Australia. It is understood that the local Council removed the love padlocks located on the Sea Cliff Bridge several years ago. In addition, love padlocks have been sighted on the Cahill express walkwayand on the Sydney Harbour Bridge in Sydney. Lock dates suggest this has been occurring since at least 2010. At Manly Beach, along the walk to Fairy Bower Beach there are some love padlocks on the fence.
In Melbourne, love padlocks have appeared on the bridges of the Yarra River. The appearance of the locks has caused a divide in the people of the city, with many arguing that the locks create an unnecessary eyesore. Australian Minister for the Environment, Greg Hunt, says the "padlock graffiti" does not belong in a city with such a tidy reputation.
In Brisbane, locks began to appear on the Kurilpa Bridge in early 2012. They had inscriptions such as "Ben loves Annie" etc. The locks were all removed in June 2013, presumably by the Brisbane City Council. No doubt they will begin to reappear soon.
On the Sunshine Coast some are starting to appear on the fence at Bulcock Beach.
In Adelaide, many padlocks have appeared on the University Footbridge over the River Torrens in the CBD.
In Ballina, New South Wales there is a small bunch of padlocks on the middle section on fencing on the lookout between Lighthouse and Shelley Beaches.
In the Margaret River region of Western Australia, a love lock gate has been made available on private property so that couples can be assured their love lock will not be removed by authorities. The address is 356 Miamup Rd, Cowaramup.
New Zealand.
Love padlocks have recently been added to a bridge over the Frank Kitts Lagoon on the Wellington waterfront.
Also Fairfield Bridge over the Waikato River in Hamilton.
South America.
Argentina.
In Buenos Aires, love locks are usually located at the east side of the rotating footbridge Puente de la Mujer of the Puerto Madero district.
Chile.
Pedro de Valdivia Bridge in Valdivia, Southern Chile has been recently used as a place where couples leave love padlocks.
Uruguay.
A fountain in Montevideo, on Avenida 18 de Julio a few blocks east of Plaza Independencia, is designated for love padlocks. A plaque is affixed to the front of the fountain that provides an explanation in both English and Spanish. The English version of the text reads, "The legend of this young fountain tells us that if a lock with the initials of two people in love is placed in it, they will return together to the fountain and their love will be forever locked."

</doc>
<doc id="36744302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744302" title="Ferenc Mikulás">
Ferenc Mikulás

Ferenc Mikulás (17 August 1940) is a figure in the Hungarian animation film culture. He is the founder and director of the animation film studio Kecskemétfilm Kft., and the director of Kecskemét Animation Film Festival (KAFF).
Biography.
He was born on 17 August 1940. He was expelled from high school in the spring of 1957, due to his participation in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. In the following years, he was working as a geodesist. He wrote screenplays and directed short features. From 1970, he began to work on animation films in Pannonia Film Studio.
From 1 June 1971, he is the director of Kecskemét Animation Film Studio, producer of several animation films and series (Hungarian Folk Tales, Water Spider Wonder Spider, etc.). From 1993 he is the director of Kecskeméti Animation Film Festival. From 1997 to 2000, he has been a member of ASIFA's directors' board. He has been the member of the jury of several international animation film festivals, including Chiavari, Seoul, Ankara, and Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="36744305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744305" title="Typhoon Kai-tak (2012)">
Typhoon Kai-tak (2012)

Typhoon Kai-tak (international designation: 1213, JTWC designation: 14W, PAGASA name: Helen) was a mild tropical cyclone that affected China, Vietnam and Laos. It was the seventh typhoon and the thirteenth named storm of the 2012 Pacific typhoon season. The storm killed up to 40 people and caused a sum of US$315 million in losses. Kai-tak can be tracked back to the broad area of disturbance embedded in a monsoonal trough that was first spotted, early on August 10. It was only at midnight, on August 16, when the JMA officially declared Kai-tak a typhoon. On the morning of August 17, the windpseed dropped to 60 knots (110 km/h; 69 mph) and was no longer a typhoon. The typhoon caused heavy damage in China's two provinces killing one person and causing a great economic loss. In Vietnam, Typhoon Kai-Tak has stormed across the country's north bringing high winds and floods to several areas including the capital Hanoi. Tropical Storm Kai-Tak slammed the northern Philippines triggering flash floods and landslides and killing at least three people, one week after deadly monsoon rains battered the country.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Kai-tak can be tracked back to the broad area of disturbance embedded in a monsoonal trough that was first spotted, early on August 10. By the next day, the convection deepened and a weak low-level circulation center was spotted with winds of up to . A Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission pass revealed that the convection around the system was very loosely organised and the banding was relatively weak. By midnight, that day, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) started tracking the system as a weak Tropical Depression with winds under 30 knots. A couple of hours later, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical cyclone formation alert (TCFA) estimating winds of up to . As the storm was also in the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA)'s area of Responsibility, they started issuing advisories on the system, thus naming it "Helen". By noon, on August 12, the JMA confirmed that the depression has reached a windpseed of . As opposed to this, in their first advisory on the systen, the JTWC said that the storm had winds of up to 25 knots only. Only late that night, did the JTWC confirm winds of 30 knots, based on new microwave imagery and satellite data. The storm was moving to the west at at the moment. At midnight, the JMA reported winds of , stating that the depression had intensified into a tropical storm, thus officially naming it "Kai-tak". At 9 am, UTC, on August 13, the JTWC confirmed the same. At that time, the system had a broad, partially exposed low-level circulation center (LLCC) with deep convection persisting along the western periphery. Later the same day, according to JMA, the storm reached a maximum sustained windspeed of , thus making it a Severe Tropical Storm.
The storm continued tracking northwestward and was located approximately northeast of Manila, Philippines. Infrared imagery revealed that deep convection persisted along the southwestern periphery of the LLCC. Though the storm entered warm watered off the Philippine coast, it failed to intensify rapidly as it was located along the southern periphery of a deep-layered subtropical ridge and was experiencing moderate vertical wind shear. The JTWC did not expect the storm to strengthen any further since it would start interacting with the nearby landmass. On August 14, the LLCC of the storm passed under the deepest convection, however, it failed to intensity because an anticyclone that was located to the northeast of Kai-tak. Albeit the ample outflow, no good convection developed to the northern half of the system due to the shear caused by the anticyclone. At this moment, Kai-tak was expected to rapidly drift eastward due to the persistent subtropical ridge. The JTWC expected Kai-tak to become a typhoon within 48 hours due to warm sea-surface temperatures, and then make landfall. By the night of August 14, Kai-tak tracked westward at and the LLCC became embedded within central dense overcast convection. The storm became more consolidated as a result. Fragmented concentric deep convection surrounded the LLCC. Also, the anticyclone to the east of the system weakened thus reducing the wind shear affecting Kai-tak. The windspeed then rose to approximately . By the next day, the Kai-tak accelerated towards the Philippines. The LLCC started interacting with the northern coast of the island nation. The deep convection continued to build along with the strong equatorward outflow. The storm, however, produced no poleward outflow. Due to the sudden rise in trackspeed, the JTWC estimated a landfall within 12 hours.
On the night of August 15, the infrared satellite imagery showed that convective bands have deepened and wrapped tighter into the LLCC and an excellent equatoward outflow. The windspeed was estimated at , which is equivalent to a minimal category 1 tyhoon on the SSHS. Kai-tak was expected to continue intensifying before making landfall over China, and then decay rapidly due to land interaction. According to reports the next morning, Kai-tak continued drifting westward at about . Though the bulk on convection remained to the southern semi-circle, deep convective rainbands have developed over the northern periphery. Over the past 12 hours, the storm rapidly moved west, into china and was expected to make landfall soon. Kai-tak was located along the southern periphery of a deep subtropical ridge positioned over southeast China. The storm continued speeding towards China and by the night of August 16, it was drifting west at nearly . Infrared imagery showed that the cloud-top temperatures were starting to drop. The vertical wind shear near Kai-tak had weakened dramatically. However, the storm maintained the same windspeed. The JTWC announced that the storm would start weakening rapidly within 12 hours due to land interaction. It was only at midnight, on August 16, when the JMA officially declared Kai-tak a typhoon. By then, the system sped up towards landmass. It was drifting west at over , poised to make landfall over the Leizhou peninsula over the next 12 hours, cross the Gulf of Tonkin, before making a second and final landfall into northern Vietnam to the east of Hanoi. At the same time, the PAGASA issued their last warning on Kai-tak, otherwise known as Helen, locally, as it left the Philippine area of Responsibility.
On the morning of August 17, Kai-tak made landfall over the Leizhou peninsula, as expected. It maintained the same intensity and was expected to track west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge. Within 6 hours, Kai-tak made a second landfall over the northeast coast of Vietnam and has weakened slightly. The windpseed dropped to and was no longer a typhoon. Kai-tak was expected to weaken rapidly thereafter. Later that night, the JTWC issued their final warning on the system as it weakened further and sped up inland. They expected the system to dissipate within 24 hours. However, the JMA stopped tracking the storm early the next morning, no longer considering it a tropical cyclone. 
Preparations.
Hong Kong.
On August 15, The Hong Kong Observatory issued the Standby Signal, No. 1 warning regarding Kai-tak as an advisory to the public to closely follow weather reports before flying. The next day, the observatory hoisted the Strong Wind Signal, No. 3 for strong wind, as the storm came within 500 km of the region. Later that evening, the Observatory announced that the storm would be closest to the city within 24 hours, skirting within 250 km, and forecasted winds of up to . Hong Kong's flag carrier Cathay Pacific also announced that they will be temporarily suspending services to the region due to the typhoon. Hong Kong, which is the main hub of Cathay Pacific closed their airport for the next 24–48 hours in preparation for the system.
China.
On August 15, The national disaster relief authority of China issued a fourth-level alert, predicting that the storm may hit the coastal areas of the provinces of Guangdong and Fujian. Warnings have been issued to the Pearl River Delta forecasting rainfalls up to . The agency asked all ships to return to port, reinforce outdoor structures, and evacuate workers from offshore oil platforms.
Vietnam.
On August 16, The Central Steering Committee for Flood and Storm Prevention and Control stated that preparations need to be made regarding the approaching storm. The committee asked all boats at sea to remain well informed about the storm. They predicted winds of up to .
Impact.
Philippines.
Early on August 16, Tropical Storm Kai-Tak slammed the northern Philippines triggering flash floods and landslides and killing at least three people, one week after deadly monsoon rains battered the country, disaster relief officials said. Twenty northern provinces had been placed under storm warnings before the storm hit. The Office of Civil Defence said one man drowned when he suffered a seizure and fell into a flooded rice field in the province of Pangasinan and another drowned while crossing a swollen river on Tuesday in Ilocos Norte province. Another man died from electrocution in Naguilian town in nearby La Union province, said Superintendent Jovencio Badua, a regional police spokesman. At least 3,555 people were evacuated from their homes in La Union and Pangasinan because of flash floods while several highways were cut off because of landslides, Badua said. By that night, the storm left behind seven dead and two missing in the Philippines. The storm blew out of the Philippines offering some relief for millions of people struggling to recover from a few weeks of monsoon rains that earlier claimed 109 lives. But more than the death toll, a foreign organisation warned the floods posed a continuing and major problem to the three million people who were displaced from their homes, almost one million of whom had sought refuge in temporary evacuation centres. The NDRRMC said it was still providing relief aid to nearly a million people impacted by last week’s floods, including more than 216,000 at evacuation centres. “The need is massive and urgent, millions of people are suffering the miserable consequence of these floods and we must try to reach them before the rains hit again,” Anna Liendfors, the country representative of Save the Children appealed. At the same time, weathermen warned residents living in low-lying and mountainous areas against possible landslides and flash flood due rains ranging from heavy to intense. In Pampanga, the home province of former president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in Central Luzon, officials ordered the pre-emptive evacuation of residents in villages along one of the major river systems.
China.
At about 12:30 am on August 17, Kai-tak made landfall at Huguang township in Guangdong province, bringing extreme downpours and gales. Off the eastern Zhanjiang coast, the violent weather triggered waves as high as four metres. In Zhanjiang city, trees and billboards could be seen scattered along the roads while most of the shops and restaurants remained closed. Hundreds of passengers were stranded at an airport in Beihai city in Guangxi Zhuang region, after 16 flights linking Beijing, Shanghai, Kunming, and Changsha areas were cancelled. Sources from the Maritime Search and Rescue Center of Qinzhou city said, six people were still trapped after their ship was marooned in Qinzhou Port, Thursday evening. Helicopter, tugs and patrol boats were dispatched to the site for rescuing the trapped people, said the city authorities. According to fishery departments of the coastal cities of Beihai, Qinzhou and Fangchenggang, as of 1 p.m., more than 10,000 fishing boats had been called back to harbours for shelter, and over 40,000 fishermen and seafood farmers have gone ashore to avoid heavy rains, gales and waves. Elsewhere, the typhoon also led to delay and cancellation of 14 incoming flights and seven outgoing flights in Meilan International Airport, in Haikou, capital of the Hainan province. Also, in Hainan, where the heavy rains lashed, 23 flights had been cancelled and 18 others delayed at the Sanya Phoenix International Airport in Sanya City at 10:30 a.m., leaving 3,000 passengers helpless. Officials supervising flood control and drought relief efforts said relief materials and rescue personnel were fully prepared to mitigate the impact of Kai-Tak. In addition to airports, railways were affected. A total of 16 high-speed trains linking Sanya and Haikou were suspended. In Haikou, there were reportedly few pedestrians spotted in the city, where slow-moving cars were seen clogging the rain-hit roads. Officials supervising flood control and drought relief efforts said relief materials and rescue personnel were fully prepared to mitigate the impact of Kai-Tak.
As of August 18, more than 700 villagers in Qinzhou, a city in south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, have been trapped in their homes by typhoon-triggered flooding, the local government said. In Qinzhou, heavy rains have swept the city inundating three villages in Dazhi Township, Qinbei District. The local government sent rescue boats and relief materials to the trapped villagers. Two people remained missing after falling into a river in Shangsi County. More than 300 police officers and firefighters have been organized and dispatched to carry out relief efforts across the city, the flood control and drought relief bureau said. The typhoon caused heavy damage in China's two provinces killing one person and causing economic loss running into $315 million. It also affected 1.74 million people in nearby Guangdong province before moving to Guangxi. An oil ship anchored near Beihai, a coastal city in Guangxi, drifted and collided into the bank, spilling five tonnes of oil. The local government initiated an emergency response plan and sent a work team to clean up the spill and cordon off the contaminated area to prevent the pool from expanding. Clean up efforts have ended and marine authorities have taken samples of the sea water to test the pollution level around the location of the accident, the report said.
Vietnam.
Meanwhile, in Vietnam, Typhoon Kai-Tak has stormed across the country's north bringing high winds and floods to several areas including the capital Hanoi. Among the victims was a taxi driver who was killed when a tree fell on his car in Hanoi, while two others died from electric shock after a cable fell in northern Son La city. Another victim died in a landslide. Earlier more than 11,000 boats, including several hundred used by tourists at Halong Bay, were ordered to stay close to the shore. The Vietnamese army put 20,000 soldiers backed by helicopters, rescue boats and canoes on standby to handle any incidents.

</doc>
<doc id="36744309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744309" title="Benjamin Maas">
Benjamin Maas

Benjamin Maas (born January 23, 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SV Darmstadt 98.
Career.
Maas was released by VfB Stuttgart as a 19 year old, signing for SV Sandhausen where he spent a season without making a first-team appearance. He spent the next three years playing reserve team football, one season for 1899 Hoffenheim II (where he won Oberliga Baden-Württemberg title) and two for SpVgg Greuther Fürth II before signing for SV Darmstadt 98 of the 3. Liga in 2012. He made his debut for the club in August of that year, as a substitute for Benjamin Gorka in a 2–1 win over Preußen Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="36744311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36744311" title="Henry Dircks">
Henry Dircks

Henry Dircks (26 August 1806 – 17 September 1873) was an English engineer who is considered to have been the main designer of the projection technique known as Pepper's ghost. It is named after John Henry Pepper who implemented a working version of the device in 1862. Dircks also investigated attempts at the invention of a perpetual motion device, writing that those who sought to create such a thing were "half-learned" or "totally ignorant".
Life and career.
Dircks was born in Liverpool on 26 August 1806. He was apprenticed to a mercantile firm and spent much of his free time studying practical mechanics, chemistry, and literature. Around the mid-1820s he began lecturing about chemistry and electricity while writing literary articles in the local press and scientific papers in the "Mechanics' Magazine" and other journals. In 1837 he became a life member of the British Association, and afterwards contributed papers to its proceedings. Two years later he wrote a pamphlet regarding a proposed union of mechanics' and literary institutions. He also wrote a short treatise entitled "Popular Education, a series of Papers on the Nature, Objects, and Advantages of Mechanics' Institutions", first printed in Liverpool in 1840.
He became a practical engineer, conducting railway, canal, and mining works, before progressing to the role of consulting engineer. He continued to investigate technologies and invent new devices, taking out several patents between 1840 and 1857. Dircks joined the Royal Society of Literature, the Royal Society of Edinburgh, and other scientific bodies. In 1868 he was given an honorary degree (LL.D.) from Tusculum College in Tennessee.
Dircks died in Brighton on 17 September 1873.
Pepper's ghost.
Spiritualists and phantasmagoria performers plied their trade by attempting to convince audiences that they were able to contact the dead. To add weight to their claims they would use various projection techniques, particularly magic lanterns, that would seemingly make a ghost appear. Dircks was frustrated by such trickery and developed a better technique that could help dispel the simpler methods. He saw this as a triumph of enlightenment over superstition and hoped that the scientific explanations would educate people enough to keep them away from such charlatans.
Dircks developed a way of projecting an actor onto a stage using a hidden room, a sheet of glass, and a clever use of lighting, calling the technique "Dircksian Phantasmagoria". The actor would then have an ethereal, ghost-like appearance while seemingly able to perform alongside other actors. Dircks is believed to have described this invention to the British Association in 1858. The unwieldy implementation of his system meant that theatres would need to be entirely rebuilt to accommodate the technique and some refinements would therefore be needed if it were to be adopted on a wide scale.
Popular science lecturer John Henry Pepper saw the concept and replicated it on a larger scale, taking out a joint patent with Dircks. Pepper debuted his creation with a Christmas Eve production of the Charles Dickens play "The Haunted Man" in 1862 and Dircks signed over all financial rights to Pepper. Some reports have suggested that, at the time, Pepper claimed to have developed the technique after reading the 1831 book "Recreative Memoirs" by famed showman Étienne-Gaspard Robert. Either way, the effect became known as "Pepper's ghost" and this name was used by those who replicated the technique. Because of this Dircks became increasingly convinced that his invention had been stolen from him, believing that a conspiracy had been perpetrated against him at first by the Polytechnic and then latterly by the newspapers and advertisers who omitted his name.
Dircks' original plan to give rational explanations to dispel the popular appetite for spiritualism was certainly helped by Pepper. Further, Pepper's ghost has been hailed as a key development in stage magic and "the cornerstone upon which much subsequent magic was founded". In one of his later books Pepper would insist that Dircks should have a share of the credit, and though the technique is still today named after the man who popularised it Dircks is hailed as the originator of the invention.
The pair's involvement in the development of Pepper's ghost was summarised in an 1863 article from "The Spectator":
This admirable ghost is the offspring of two fathers, of a learned member of the Society of Civil Engineers, Henry Dircks, Esq., and of Professor Pepper, of the Polytechnic. To Mr. Dircks belongs the honour of having invented him, or as the disciplines of Hegel would express it, evolved him from out of the depths of his own consciousness; and Professor Pepper has the merit of having improved him considerably, fitting him for the intercourse of mundane society, and even educating him for the stage.
Perpetual motion.
Dircks had an interest in the search for a perpetual motion machine. His book "Perpetuum mobile; or, Search for self-motive power", published in 1861, examined many attempts at creating such a device, and has since been cited by other science writers on the subject. Dircks summarised the ongoing efforts of inventors:
A more self-willed, self-satisfied, or self-deluded class of the community, making at the same time pretension to superior knowledge, it would be impossible to imagine. They hope against hope, scorning all opposition with ridiculous vehemence, although centuries have not advanced them one step in the way of progress.
and:
There is something lamentable, degrading, and almost insane in pursuing the visionary schemes of past ages with dogged determination, in paths of learning which have been investigated by superior minds, and with which such adventurous persons are totally unacquainted. The history of Perpetual Motion is a history of the fool-hardiness of either half-learned, or totally ignorant persons.

</doc>
