<doc id="36784250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784250" title="Joseph H. Tucker">
Joseph H. Tucker

Joseph H. Tucker (1819  – October 22, 1894) was a banker, businessman and Illinois militia colonel during the first two years of the American Civil War (Civil War). He was given initial responsibility for building Camp Douglas at Chicago, Illinois, and was the first commander of the camp. Originally a training camp for Union Army recruits, in 1862 and 1863 Camp Douglas was converted into a prison camp for Confederate States Army prisoners captured by the Union Army. Tucker was commander of the camp from the start of its construction in October 1861 until September 28, 1862, except between February 26, 1862, and June 19, 1862. During this time, the camp was used as a training facility and had its initial use as a prisoner of war camp. Tucker was never mustered into the Union Army, remaining a colonel in the Illinois militia during the term of his service in the Civil War.
Early life.
Joseph H. Tucker was born in New York in 1819, the son of a Baptist minister. Tucker had been a banker and businessman in Cumberland, Maryland, before he moved to Chicago, Illinois, in 1858. He was a successful businessman, banker and stock trader.
American Civil War service.
Background.
On April 15, 1861, the day after the U.S. Army garrison surrendered Fort Sumter to Confederate forces, President Abraham Lincoln called 75,000 state militiamen into federal service for ninety days to put down the insurrection. Lincoln made further calls for volunteers on May 3, 1861, and the U.S. Congress retroactively approved Lincoln's actions and authorized another one million three–year volunteers in July 1861. The states and localities had to organize and equip the volunteer regiments until late in 1861 when the federal government became sufficiently organized to take over the project. 
Soon after President Lincoln's calls for volunteers, many volunteers from Illinois gathered in various large public and private buildings in Chicago and then overflowed into camps on the prairie on the southeast edge of the city. Senator Stephen A. Douglas owned land next to this location and had donated land just south of the camps to the original University of Chicago.
Building Camp Douglas, First Tucker command.
Illinois Governor Richard Yates assigned Judge Allen C. Fuller, soon to be adjutant general for the State of Illinois, to select the site for a permanent army camp at Chicago. Judge Fuller selected the site that was already in use for the makeshift camps because it was only four miles from downtown Chicago, prairie surrounded the site, nearby Lake Michigan could provide water and the Illinois Central Railroad ran within a few hundred yards of the site. Fuller was not an engineer and did not realize that the site was a poor choice for a large camp because of its wet, low–lying location. The camp initially lacked adequate medical facilities, sewers, latrines and drainage and when the camp opened, it had only one water hydrant. 
Governor Yates put Colonel Joseph H. Tucker, commanding the 60th Regiment, Illinois State Militia, in charge of building the camp and appointed Tucker as the camp's first commander. State militia troops called the Mechanics Fusiliers, who were apprentice and journeyman carpenters, built the barracks in October and November 1861. Regular troops had to suppress rioting construction troops and restore order to the camp when the State tried to convert them to infantry and reneged on a promise of extra pay. This was only the beginning of Tucker's problems.
By November 15, 1861, Camp Douglas housed about 4,222 volunteer soldiers from 11 regiments. In an ominous preview of the effects of living at the camp on the future prisoners, the recruits, who were in better physical condition than the later prisoners, suffered forty-two deaths from disease by February 1862. Colonel Tucker's job as camp commander was not easy even before the camp was converted to a prison camp. He had to use increasingly hard measures to curb considerable drunk and disorderly conduct by recruits in camp and in the city of Chicago, where the soldiers abused pass privileges.
On February 16, 1862, the Union Army under then Brigadier General Ulysses S. Grant captured Fort Donelson on the Cumberland River near Dover, Tennessee and with it about 12,000 to 15,000 Confederate prisoners. The army was unprepared to handle this large group of prisoners and scrambled to find places to house them. Colonel Tucker told General Grant's superior, Major General Henry W. Halleck, that Camp Douglas could accommodate 8,000 or 9,000 prisoners, which was about the same number of recruits that the camp was supposed to be able to accommodate. As it turned out, the camp and its staff could not even easily handle the 4,459 prisoners who were sent to it.
The first Confederate prisoners of war arrived at Camp Douglas on February 20, 1862 to find a camp but no real prison. They were housed for their first few days at the camp in the White Oak Square section along with newly–trained Union soldiers about to depart for service at the front. The army sent sick prisoners to the camp, where there were no medical facilities at the time, even though army staff were specifically warned not to do so. On February 23, 1862, the Union troops vacated the camp except for an inadequate force of about 40 officers and 469 enlisted men left to guard the prisoners. About 77 escapes were recorded at Camp Douglas by June 1862.
On February 26, 1862, General Halleck ordered Colonel Tucker to report to Springfield, Illinois and a Union Army officer from Illinois, Colonel James A. Mulligan, took command of the camp until June 14, 1862. Between June 14 and June 19, 1862 Colonel Daniel Cameron, Jr. was in charge.
Colonel Mulligan's command.
The first group of prisoners was treated reasonably well under the circumstances and despite the inadequacy of the grounds, barracks and sewer and water systems, they were given clothing and enough to eat, although not a balanced diet. They received enough to eat, cooking stoves and utensils and clothing. Nonetheless, sickness and death among the prisoners, and even among some guards, reached epidemic levels. Frozen hydrants led to a water shortage. One in eight of the prisoners from Fort Donelson died of pneumonia or various diseases.
After the Union Army victory at the battle of Shiloh and capture of Island No. 10 in the spring of 1862, Camp Douglas housed 8,962 Confederate prisoners. Conditions at the camp further deteriorated with the overcrowding. Escapes increased. Some escapes were aided by Southern sympathizers in Chicago and others were facilitated by lax administration by Colonel Mulligan and the guards.
Second Tucker command.
Even though he remained in the Illinois militia and was not taken into federal service, Colonel Tucker returned to command the camp on June 19, 1862. To deal with local civilian sympathizers who might be aiding escapes, Colonel Tucker declared martial law on July 12, 1862. When twenty–five prisoners escaped on July 23, 1862, Tucker arrested several citizens whom he believed aided the escapees. In addition, he brought in Chicago police to search the camp. This action caused much lasting animosity from the prisoners because the police confiscated many of the prisoners' valuables. The police also confiscated five pistols and many bullets. Twenty of the escapees were recaptured within two weeks.
In the summer of 1862, Henry Whitney Bellows, president of the U.S. Sanitary Commission, wrote the following to Lieutenant Colonel William Hoffman, Union Army commissary general of prisoners, who had considerable authority over Union prison camps, after visiting the camp: "Sir, the amount of standing water, unpoliced grounds, of foul sinks, of unventilated and crowded barracks, of general disorder, of soil reeking miasmatic accretions, of rotten bones and emptying of camp kettles, is enough to drive a sanitarian to despair. I hope that no thought will be entertained of mending matters. The absolute abandonment of the spot seems to be the only judicious course. I do not believe that any amount of drainage would purge that soil loaded with accumulated filth or those barracks fetid with two stories of vermin and animal exhalations. Nothing but fire can cleanse them." Hoffman already had made requests for improvements in the camp, but he kept the report secret because he did not want to take a position contrary to that taken by any superior such as Quartermaster General Meigs, who opposed costly improvements to the camp. The camp was such an unhealthy place that one of Colonel Tucker's sons who served with him at the camp, Captain Lansing Tucker, became ill and died in the summer of 1862.
Conditions at the camp improved that summer as almost all the prisoners left by September 1862. About one thousand prisoners took an oath of allegiance to the United States and were freed. All prisoners who were not too ill to travel were exchanged due to implementation of the July 22, 1862 Dix–Hill prisoner cartel between the Union and Confederate armies. By October 6, 1862, the few remaining prisoners who had been too ill to leave earlier also were gone. Through September 1862, 980 Confederate prisoners and 240 Union Army trainees and guards had died at Camp Douglas, almost all from disease.
In the fall of 1862, Camp Douglas again briefly became a training camp for Union army volunteers. The Union Army then used the camp for its most unusual purpose.
Final service with Tyler.
Union soldiers who were paroled after their capture by Confederate Lieutenant General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson at the Battle of Harpers Ferry, Virginia (later West Virginia) on September 15, 1862 were sent to Camp Douglas for temporary detention. Under the terms of the prisoner cartel, they had to await formal exchange before they could leave the camp. These 8,000 paroled Union soldiers began to arrive at Camp Douglas on September 28, 1862. Brigadier General Daniel Tyler relieved Colonel Tucker of command of the camp. Under Tyler's command these Union soldiers had to live under similar conditions to those endured by the Confederate prisoners from Fort Donelson. In fact, the conditions were worse because the camp had become filthy and even more run down during its occupancy by the prisoners. The paroled soldiers were fortunate to have only about a two–month stay. They were able to tolerate the conditions somewhat better than the previous Confederate prisoners could because the Union parolees were more warmly dressed and in better physical condition. The damp conditions and bad food still took their toll on the parolees. By November, forty soldiers of the 126th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment were dead and about another sixty were ill with fevers. Soon after Tucker's resignation from the Illinois militia, Brigadier General Jacob Ammen became the camp commander.
Later life.
Having lost two of his sons in the war, Tucker left Chicago in 1865, never to return. He became a businessman and Member of New York and Consolidated Stock Exchanges in New York City until he became an invalid by 1887. Joseph H. Tucker died in New York City on October 22, 1894, aged 74 or 75. The obituary notice stated that Tucker had been born in New York, had daughters living in Chicago, and would be buried in Graceland Cemetery in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="36784252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784252" title="Bauerago">
Bauerago

Bauerago is a genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains 9 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36784290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784290" title="Sydor Rey">
Sydor Rey

Sydor Rey born Izydor Reiss (6 September 1908 – 15 November 1979) was a Polish poet and novelist. During the Interbellum he worked in the Jewish orphanage of Janusz Korczak in Warsaw. He dedicated his short story "Anioł-Stróż" ("Guardian Angel"; 1957), part of his book "Księga rozbitków", to the memory of Janusz Korczak. A bisexual author, Sydor Rey did not frequently tackle gay subjects in his writings.
Life in interwar Poland.
Sydor Rey was born in Wojniłów (now Voinyliv, Ukraine). He studied law and political science at the Lvov University and at Warsaw University. As a writer, Rey debuted in 1929. He was a member of the literary collective ("zespół literacki") "Przedmieście" in Warsaw. The first issue of the group's literary journal indicated that the association was established on the initiative of Helena Boguszewska (18861978) and Jerzy Kornacki (19081981) in JuneJuly 1933, with Bruno Schulz, Adolf Rudnicki, and Zofja Nałkowska among the invited founder members. Rudnicki had resigned from membership before the publication of their magazine in 1934, while Halina Krahelska and Sydor Rey were inducted as new members. 
The group's name ("przedmieście", "Pol." "faubourg") has been explained as referring both to the group's programmatic preoccupation with the marginalized aspects of the culture and social life in the Second Polish Republic, and to the connotation of "outpost" – hence by extension "avant-garde". The volume carried Sydor Rey's short story "Królestwo Boże" ("The Kingdom of God"), a fictional narrative of a visit to a privately owned factory by a friend of the proprietors. The visit becomes an occasion for remarkably detailed observations on the work conditions of the employees and their relations with the management, the government (represented by an industrial inspector), and the outside world.
First novel "Kropiwniki".
Sydor Rey's first novel "Kropiwniki" was published in 1937. The title of the novel, "Kropiwniki", refers to the Polish provincial locality of Kropiwniki in the Volhynia (96 kilometres to the north of the Polish town of Włodzimierz Wołyński; since 1945 within the territory of the Ukrainian SSR), whose name the author uses as a cryptonym for his native Wojniłów, an ancient township founded in 1552 by the charter issued by Sigismund II Augustus. Its real identity thus concealed, the place serves as a canvas on which the author paints the history of three generations of inhabitants from various social classes and religious communities of Polish society, including Poles, Jews, and Ukrainians, representatives of the szlachta but also peasants, merchants, and artisans, thereby presenting an allegory on Polish society as a whole. Each of these various social groups, further subdivided in the book into additional subgroups and subtypes, espouses different and often conflicting sets of beliefs concerning social and political matters, whose beliefs moreover further mutate from generation to generation. While the author parades a plethora of various types of characters on his stage, from the szlachta individuals affecting a grand aristocratic manner, through lordlings enlightened by foreign studies enough to be able to fraternize with the working classes, to well-to-do Jewish businessmen, he devotes most space to the radicalizing poverty of the township and the impenetrable ignorance of the peasant masses of the surrounding villages, succeeding to depict this broad gallery of human types in particularly vivid brush strokes of great directness. Owing however to the well-nigh unmanageable breadth of the scope of his project, it has been observed by contemporary critics that the social doctrine on occasion takes precedence in his writing over art. The author Jerzy Andrzejewski (19091983) in literary magazine "Prosto z mostu", was even less kind, having seen in "Kropiwniki" an expression of the alleged Communist stance of an author squandering his talent in a doctrinaire enterprise of quixotic futility. Witold Gombrowicz too wrote a detailed and perhaps most considerate analysis of "Kropiwniki", arguing that it is the literary debuts that are more interesting, for all their inchoate form, than an author's later works which, though benefiting from the writer's more crystallized pattern of thought, in general tend to say little that is essentially new.
Rey also translated from the Yiddish into Polish the biographical novel on Karl Marx, "Karl Marks (bay zayn shvel): byografisher montazsh-roman" by the Polish writer Moisheh Grosman (19041961).
Biographer Eugenia Prokop-Janiec of Jagiellonian University asserts that it was ultimately the pervasive antisemitism of the Polish society in the 1930s that forced the writers and poets like Sydor Rey and Henryka Łazowertówna (19091942), who never otherwise identified themselves as Jewish while working in the Polish language, to align themselves with the Jewish community for the first time. Sydor Rey's vignette entitled "Spacer" ("A Walk") deals with the thorny subject of race relations in a homoerotic context. It is a short text about a male couple who, taking a stroll in a public park, attract the attention of a gathering crowd not for being gay but for being of different races: the bystanders are not hostile to both characters as a couple, but in each case only to one of them – selected according to the particular bystander's "own" racial allegiance: the Gentiles in the crowd of onlookers are hostile to the man who looks Jewish, for they believe him to be somehow exploitative of his companion; the Jews in the crowd on the other hand are hostile to the Gentile believing him to be about to cause harm to his Jewish companion to whom they consequently feel obliged to offer assistance. Both men offer explanations to a policeman who arrives on the scene to institute "ad hoc" inquiry of his own into the commingling of the couple. The story is an allegory on the impossibility of normal relations between the races on a private level without public or official harassment, even as relations between (or within) the sexes are tolerated. A bisexual author, Sydor Rey did not frequently tackle gay subjects in his writings. His epigram "Na plaży" (On the Beach) is one of the exceptions.
Rey was one of the signatories of the open letter of the Polish writers against the bloody pacification by the Polish police of the workers' protests against the Sanacja régime in March 1936.
Emigration.
On the eve of the Second World War, in the spring of 1939 Sydor Rey emigrated from Warsaw to New York City, where he subsequently operated a second-hand bookshop. His wife and daughter left behind in Poland will perish in Cracow during the Holocaust. During his American period his writings appeared frequently in the Polish-language weekly newspaper "Wiadomości: tygodnik" ("The News: A Weekly") published in London, and in other émigré periodicals (while "Commentary" and the "Transatlantic Review" published translations in the United States). In his reply to a survey of Polish writers living in exile conducted by the "Wiadomości" of London in 1958, nearly twenty years after his departure from Poland, Rey revealed that every writer creatively active in exile is "spiritually present", in the act of creation, in his native land. Hence there are in reality no "émigré writers" and no "émigré literatures". He appended his literary testament with the following codicil.
If I, after well-nigh twenty years spent in the United States, have never thought for a moment of adopting English as my creative medium, it is because spiritually I continue to reside in my Homeland. The split involved here at times invests the written word of an author in exile with a terrifying beauty, which flows from his undaunted vision. But at the same time this split can, in the long run, lead to the degeneration of the creative faculty the most glaring case in point being that of the giant of Polish literature, Adam Mickiewicz. (...) happens when a writer ceases to use the written word in the service of Beauty, as a building block in the project of constructing his own immaterial world, and starts using it as a magic charm invoked for the sake of transforming his immaterial world into a material one.
And Rey clearly remained devoted to the Polish language for life, in the sort of intricate way of an impeccable stylist, as evidenced in his corrections of the minutiae in the prose of other writers or in the praise he generously showered on the dextrous use of the language in other cases, even of those who might not have been professional writers. He was listed by the "Wiadomości" of London among the Polish writers in exile who ought to be members of the Polish Academy of Literature were such an institution to be established (or rather revived). There is no evidence, on the other hand, that in the United States Rey found anything like a substitute for the land of his youth; in a poem entitled "Miasto na Long Island" (A City on Long Island) published in 1960 he speaks of a "city flat and straight like a cadaver", with street names invoking "Indians that have been exterminated, running streams that have been filled in, hills that have been levelled down, and forests that have been felled": what use to me this cemetery? he asks. "Don't you know that I was born in a land where a white-winged horse would bend down to peer into my crib?" In the poem "Banita" (The Banished One; 1961) Rey speaks of himself as a person deprived of speech, on account of his being "a poet without a land".
Publishing from abroad.
During his exile in the United States he also chose to publish his books "Księga rozbitków" ("The Book of the Shipwrecked"; first edition, 1959) and "Kropiwniki" (second edition, 1962) in the then Communist-controlled Poland, where their publication would have been subject to (and has received) the advance approval of the censors. He also granted an interview to the Polish Radio in 1963, apparently on a visit to Warsaw (see Recordings).
"Księga rozbitków" ("The Book of the Shipwrecked") is a collection of eighteen short stories that are, cumulatively, a psychological memoir of an author guilt-stricken for having passed the Holocaust in the physical safety of New York while being spiritually connected to the event as closely as or perhaps in some cases more closely than some of the victims, making the work something of a cross between a novel and a psychodrama "cum" a Gestalt therapy.
Sydor Rey's novel "Ludzie miejscowi" ("The Folk of the Place") was published in installments in the "Wiadomości" of London between 1962 and 1966 (see Works). While his writings in prose were praised for their astute psychological shadowing of characters and deep insights into the human condition, his poetry did not appeal to everyone. Marian Pankowski, reviewing his collection of poetry "Własnymi słowami" ("In My Own Words"; 1967), refused to apply the label of "poetry" to his verses, arguing that the colloquial and sometimes crude turn of phrase favoured by the author put his epigrams beyond the pale of art, while the consistent unsublimated directness of expression made it impossible to interpret this style as a literary conceit. Rey countered that the criticisms presented by Pankowski were illustrated by tendentiously selected quotations that did not constitute a representative sample and had been taken out of context, and that the overall method of extrapolating judgement of the whole "oeuvre" from bits and pieces was absurd, "rather like presenting an audience with the bottom sliver of Cézanne's "Bathing Women" the figures cut off at the ankle and averring this fragment to possess 'some characteristics of Cézanne's painting style', only to dispatch the artist "in toto" with the dictum that 'the rest of his output is much in the same manner'". Since Rey did not publish essays, his philosophical ideas found expression in his fiction, both in prose and in verse. Poems that deal directly or (sometimes) veiledly with the principal tenets of the Judaeo-Christian religious doctrine such as "Bajka" (Fairy Tale), "Ojcze nasz" (Our Father), or "Raz kozie śmierć" (Once a Death Befell a Goat) which quotes (in Hebrew) one of the Seven Last Words in the scornful context of a pastoral ditty may offend religious sensibilities, expressive as they are of his deep agnosticism and his radical questioning of the truth value of that doctrine.
As a literary critic, Sydor Rey believed that Boris Pasternak's novel "Doctor Zhivago" was deeply indebted to Hemingway's "A Farewell to Arms", notwithstanding the fact of Hemingway's having been "thick-skinned and effect-driven" as opposed to Pasternak's qualities of fragile intelligence and delicacy. He was an admirer of the works of Thornton Wilder, to whom he dedicated a poem (entitled "Festyn" "A Village Fair"; translated in "The Daily Orange" in 1966 as "Picnic"), acknowledging his indebtedness in the writing of "Księga rozbitków" to the style of Wilder's play "Our Town".
His collected papers dating from the period between 1940 and 1969 The Sydor Rey Papers are preserved in the Special Collections Research Center of the Syracuse University Library in Syracuse, New York, having been donated to the institution by the Author in 1966. Some of his correspondence with Salo Wittmayer Baron is also preserved among the papers of the latter The Salo W. Baron Papers, 19001980 in the Department of Special Collections of Stanford University Libraries, while his correspondence with the renowned critic Michał Chmielowiec (19181974) is kept among the papers of the latter in the Archiwum Emigracji of the Nicolaus Copernicus University Library in Toruń.

</doc>
<doc id="36784309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784309" title="Walter Wilkins (d. 1828)">
Walter Wilkins (d. 1828)

Walter Wilkins (1741-17 March 1828), of Maesllwch, Radnorshire and Wallsworth Hall, Gloucestershire was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a younger son of attorney John Wilkins of The Priory, Brecon and was educated at Christ College, Brecon, Winchester School (1754–58) and Reeves’s academy, London (1758).
He held the offices of High Sheriff of Radnorshire for 1774-75 and Breconshire for 1778-79. He served as Member of Parliament for Radnorshire from 1796 until his death in 1828 representing the Whig party.
He married Catherine, the daughter and heiress of Samuel Hayward of Wallsworth Hall; they had 1 son and 1 daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36784363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784363" title="Liroa">
Liroa

Liroa is a monotypic genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains the single species Liroa emodensis, common name "Microbotryum emodensis".

</doc>
<doc id="36784366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784366" title="Select Service Partner">
Select Service Partner

Select Service Partner (or SSP) is a British restaurant company. It runs several restaurant chains around the world as a concessionaire.
History.
It became a division of Compass Group, the world's biggest food service company, itself part of Grand Metropolitan until a £160 million management buy-out in 1987. Compass Group bought the company on 27 May 1993 for £72 million, which was announced on 19 May 1993. Compass merged SSP with several other companies it owned, including Travellers Fare, British Rail's former catering division which had been privatised under a management buy-out in 1988 before being bought by Compass in 1992. Compass put the company up for sale in September 2005, and in 2006 it was bought by EQT Partners. Kate Swann became Chief Executive in 2013.
SSP was divested from Compass Group in June 2006 for £1.822 billion. At the point of sale, SSP employed around 28,000 people in 28 countries and had made £114 million in profit. In the auction for SSP, PAI Partners were also bidders.
Structure.
It has its group office at Brooklands, Weybridge, which concerns its international operations. Its UK operations are at the office on Euston Road, London.

</doc>
<doc id="36784423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784423" title="Kalyanasundara">
Kalyanasundara

Kalyanasundara (, literally "beautiful marriage"), also spelt as Kalyansundar and Kalyana Sundara, and known as Kalyanasundara-murti ("icon of the beautiful marriage"), Vaivahika-murti (वैवाहिक-मूर्ति, "nuptial icon") and Panigrahana-murti ( पाणिंग्रहण-मूर्ति) ("icon related to "panigrahana" ritual"), is the iconographical depiction of the wedding of the Hindu deities Shiva and Parvati. The couple are often depicted performing the "panigrahana" ("accepting the hand") ritual of a Hindu wedding, where the groom accepts the bride by taking her right hand in his.
The couple, depicted in the centre, are accompanied by a host of divinities and other celestial beings. The god Vishnu and his wife Lakshmi are often pictured as giving away the bride to Shiva. The god Brahma is shown as the officiating priest.
The Kalyanasundara icon is not the object of popular worship and is usually used only in the celebrations of the divine marriage in annual temple festivals. However, Kalyanasundara scenes are found across India in caves, sculptures and on temple walls.
Legend.
Various Hindu scriptures narrate the story of the union of Shiva and Parvati, with some variation. After the death of his first wife Sati, Shiva withdrew from society and engrossed himself in deep mediation. Taking advantage of the situation, the asura (demon) king Tarakasura secured from the god Brahma the boon that he could be killed only by the son of Shiva. Believing himself effectively immortal, Tarakasura terrorized the beings of the universe and defeated the gods. Meanwhile, Parvati, the reincarnation of Sati, was born to Himavan, the god of the Himalayas and his wife the apsara Mena. She underwent severe austerities to compel Shiva to marry her. The gods, desperate to hasten the birth of Shiva's son, sent Kamadeva, the god of love, to disturb Shiva's meditation. Though Shiva was awakened, Kamadeva was burnt up by Shiva's fury. Implored by the other gods to marry, Shiva agreed, but decided to test Parvati's devotion first. The Saptarishi (the seven sages) approached Parvati and mocked Shiva to dissuade her; however Parvati remained resolute. Then Shiva himself, disguised as an old ascetic, visited Parvati and vilified himself in her presence. As an angry Parvati was about to leave, Shiva revealed his true form to her and promised to marry her, pleased with her love and devotion. The couple married and produced a son, Kartikeya, who subsequently slew Tarakasura.
Iconography.
Textual descriptions.
The Agamic texts like the "Amsumadbhedagama", the "Uttara-kamaikagama" and the "Purva-Karanagama" prescribe the iconography of the Kalyanasunadara icon.
A young four-armed Shiva and a beautiful two-armed Parvati should be the central figures, performing the "panigrahana" ("accepting the hand") ritual of a Hindu wedding, where the groom accepts the bride by taking her right hand in his. Shiva stands in "tribhanga" posture, with one of his legs straight and firmly on the ground and the other one slightly bent. Shiva wears a "jata-mukuta" (a headdress formed of piled, matted hair) on his head, adorned with a crescent moon. He wears serpents as earrings, as a waist band and as a necklace. Various gold ornaments adorn his body. His back hands carry a "parashu" (axe) and a "mriga" (deer). His front left hand makes the "varada mudra" ("blessing-giving gesture") and his front right hand is stretched ahead to receive the hand of the bride. A dark-complexioned Parvati, adorned in silk and gold finery, stands to the left of Shiva, blushing with her head bent slightly as she extends her right arm to hold Shiva's right hand. She holds a "nilotpala" (blue lotus) in her left arm.
The god Vishnu and his consorts Lakshmi and Bhudevi should be represented as taking the place of Parvati's parents in the ceremony. The four-armed Vishnu should be shown in the background in between Shiva and Parvati; in one of his front hands is a golden pot from which he pours water over the hands of the couple, symbolizing giving away the bride to the groom. He holds his usual attributes, the "sudarshana chakra" (discus) and a "shankha" (conch), in his back arms. Vishnu's wives, dressed in royal finery, stand behind Parvati and hold her waist, symbolizing the handing over.
The four-headed god Brahma should be shown seated on the ground in the foreground officiating as the wedding priest and making offerings to the "homa" (sacred fire) in the "kunda" (fire-altar). The four-armed god holds a "sruka" and "sruva" (sacrificial ladle and spoon) in his front arms and a "kamandalu" (water-pot) and "akshamala" (rosary) in his back arms. The presence of the fire also indicates another important ritual of the Hindu wedding, "saptapadi" ("seven steps") where the bride and groom go around the fire seven times.
The figure of Shiva should be tallest, followed by that of Vishnu, Parvati and Vishnu's wives. Various deities like the eight guardians of the directions, the eight Vasus, the seven Matrika goddesses, celestial beings such as Yakshas and Gandharvas, sages and siddhas may be depicted standing with folded arms in the background.
Depictions.
The complete scene of the wedding is not always depicted. Sometimes, only the principal participants are shown. Chola bronzes featuring only Shiva and Parvati as described in the wedding scene are found. South Indian sculptures, like those from Madurai, feature only the couple and Vishnu. In this configuration, Parvati is depicted in the centre with Vishnu on the left giving away her hand to Shiva on the right. Sometimes as in the Elephanta Caves, Parvati's biological father Himavan, instead of Vishnu, is depicted giving away his daughter to Shiva.
Other deviations from the texts may appear in the attributes held by the divine couple. Parvati may hold a mirror, instead of the lotus. Shiva may be shown holding the "trishula" (trident) and "damaru" (drum) in his back hands. Regional variations in iconography may also occur. In Bengal, Shiva holds a "karttari" (knife), the ceremonial weapon that a Hindu groom from Bengal is expected to carry in a wedding.
Various wedding guests are depicted in the scene. Shiva's attendant ganas enjoy the festivities; playing drums or dancing. The "vahana"s (vehicles) of the couple, Shiva's bull Nandi and Parvati's lion, are sometimes pictured in the scene. In vertical panel depictions, the celestial guests are often shown flying over Shiva and Parvati. While the gods are pictured flying on their respective "vahana"s (e.g. Indra on his elephant, Agni on a ram) and with their consorts; semi-divine beings like Vidyadharas fly without vehicles. An anachronism found in a few Kalyanasundara scenes is the presence of the yet-unborn children of Shiva and Parvati, Ganesha and Kartikkeya. Examples of this anachronism are found at the Rameshvara Cave of Ellora, and in a 9th-century sculpture from Uttar Pradesh now housed in Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Worship.
Though Kalyanasundara icons are found across India in caves, sculptures and temple walls, no sect is centred on their worship. The icon is a popular feature on temple "gopurams" (temple towers). 
In South Indian Shiva temples like those in Tiruvenkadu and Chidambaram, the bronze Kalyanasundara images of Shiva and Parvati are used in annual temple festivals to commemorate the divine union. Special halls are reserved for the annual ceremonial wedding of the deities. The Kalyanasundara bronzes are used only in this festival and kept unused the rest of the year. 
At the Meenakshi Amman Temple, women worship the Kalyanasundara sculpture to find husbands.

</doc>
<doc id="36784431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784431" title="École nationale supérieure de création industrielle">
École nationale supérieure de création industrielle

ENSCI–Les Ateliers, the École nationale supérieure de création industrielle, is a French design school located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. As a public commercial and industrial establishment under authority of both the Ministry of Culture and the Ministry of Industry, it is the first and only French national institute exclusively devoted to the advanced studies in design. It is a member of the Hautes Études-Sorbonne-Arts et Métiers cluster and of the Conférence des grandes écoles.
The school was founded in 1982 under the sponsorship of Jean Prouvé and Charlotte Perriand, and have been established in the same building that once housed the "Ateliers Saint-Sabin" of the Maison Jansen, hence its name; its premises are open 24 hours a day and seven days a week, enabling students to work according to their own production schedules and patterns. It has been classed number one design school in the Americas & Europe region by the 2011 Red Dot Award: Design Concept ranking, and the best design school in France by the 2012 L'Étudiant ranking. It is also one of the 60 best design schools in the world according to the 2007 Businessweek D-Schools list.
Degrees and programmes.
The school offers five different programmes:
ENSCI–Les Ateliers is also one of the seven partner schools that deliver the Master of European Design degree.

</doc>
<doc id="36784450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784450" title="Joana Vasconcelos (canoeist)">
Joana Vasconcelos (canoeist)

Joana Vasconcelos (born February 22, 1991 in Porto, Portugal) is a Portuguese sprint canoer who has competed since the 2010s. She won a bronze medal in the K-2 200 m event at the 2012 Canoe Sprint European Championships in Zagreb. She currently represents SL Benfica.
Joana qualified for London 2012 in K4 500, K2 500 and K2 200 in the 2011 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
She finished in 6th in the 2012 Summer Olympics in Women's K-2 500 metres race along Beatriz Gomes and also 6th in the Women's K-4 500 metres along with Teresa Portela, Helena Rodrigues and Beatriz Gomes.

</doc>
<doc id="36784462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784462" title="Eamonn Toal">
Eamonn Toal

Eamonn Toal (born in Castleblayney, Ireland) is an Irish singer and showman who performed on Eurovision in 2000 with the song "Millennium of Love". With 92 points, he came in sixth position.

</doc>
<doc id="36784495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784495" title="Microbotryum">
Microbotryum

Microbotryum is a genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains 89 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36784499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784499" title="BCR Chișinău">
BCR Chișinău

BCR Chișinău is a subsidiary of Banca Comercială Română (BCR) in the Republic of Moldova, member of Erste Group. BCR Chișinău is one of the first foreign capital owned banks in Moldova, which is a member of an international financial group.
Profile.
BCR Chișinău started its activity on October 22, 1998 as a universal bank serving both companies and individuals, with a shareholder's capital of 24 million MDL, which was increased further to 663 230 000 MDL. Bank network comprises 2 branches and 40 ATMs located in Moldova. BCR Chișinău serves more than 19 thousand clients. The unique shareholder of BCR Chișinău is Banca Comercială Română, the biggest financial institution in Romania by total assets, loans and deposits portfolio.
Business lines.
For individual persons, BCR Chișinău offers current account services, saving instruments, cards and attached services, currency transfers, utility payments, foreign exchange, escrow service.
For businesses and organizations, BCR Chișinău offers financing solutions, investment instruments, trade finance, cross-border products, current operations, cards and attached services, Internet Banking, products for SMEs, forex operations, forward on exchange rate, escrow account.
Bank management.
The highest governance body in BCR Chișinău is the Supervisory Board, the Chairman of the Board being nonexecutive in BCR Chișinău.
BCR Chișinău management is organized on two levels: executive management – Executive Committee, formed of 3 executive members and supervision – Supervisory Board, formed of 3 members, nonexecutives (are not involved in current company decisions).
The Executive Committee reports to the Supervisory Board is informs periodically about decisions taken. Bank strategy, including Social Responsibility strategy is approved by the Supervisory Board at the proposal of the Executive Committee.
References.
1. http://www.bnm.md/md/list_licensed_banks_md
2. http://www.bancamea.md/banks/bcr
3. http://www.banks.md/banks/bcr-sa.html
4. http://www.securities.com/Public/company-profile/MD/BCR_CHISINAU_ro_3509209.html
Notes.
1. http://www.publika.md/bcr-chisinau-in-parteneriat-cu-asociatia-businessului-european_947481.html
2. http://www.publika.md/bcr-chisinau-sustine-ideile-de-afaceri-inovatoare_933081.html
3. http://www.bizmedia.md/Banci/BCR-Chisinau-ofera-credite-cu-garantii-din-partea-statului.-VEZI-AICI-cum-e-posibil.html
4. http://www.european-times.com/sector/finance-consulting/bcr-chisinau/
5. http://www.slideshare.net/adrnord/bcr-chiinu-sa-membru-al-grupului-erste

</doc>
<doc id="36784516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784516" title="Curvy Kate">
Curvy Kate

Curvy Kate is a lingerie brand specialising in D - K cup Bras and Swimwear. They are currently based in Harrow. Curvy Kate lingerie is designed for the fuller figure woman and specifically caters for the demand in smaller backs and larger bust bras between the 28" - 40" back size. They officially launched in July 2009 at the Harrogate Lingerie Show.
History.
In October 2010 the Showgirl Thrill Me was made in Raspberry/Charcoal for online retailer Bravissimo followed by the Portia design into a Raspberry/Navy colour with a band size up to a 44" back for retailer Simply Yours in August 2011.
In February 2011 Curvy Kate reported their sales had grown 400% in their second year of trading after expansion to worldwide stockists.
In May 2011, Curvy Kate announced that they were extending their product line to Swimwear. Using the Princess lingerie range design the range would include 3 styles of Tankinis and Bikinis with matching briefs.
In December 2011, Curvy Kate announced they were to launch the world's first J cup moulded bra for their Autumn Winter 2012 collection.
Star in a Bra.
Curvy Kate do not use professional models. They instead run an annual modelling competition called Star in a Bra to look for real sized models with a D+ cup size with a one year modelling contract on offer to the winner. Starting in the UK, the competition has grown to Australia in 2011 and USA in 2012.
Laura Butler from the 2008 UK Competition and Lauren Colfer from the 2009 UK Competition did not win their respective years competition but were signed up by Curvy Kate to model and continue to do so (as of August 2012). Lizzie Haines, winner of the 2011 UK Competition received national press for her win.
Daisy Hill, a finalist from the 2009 UK competition was signed up to model Curvy Kate to be the first ethnic model for the brand. The 2012 USA Star in a Bra winner Krista Cousins will be the second ethnic model used by the brand.
Curvy Kate stance for using real sized models and ethnic models has been warmly received by the lingerie industry.
De Montfort University Project.
In 2010 Curvy kate teamed up with De Montfort University Contour Fashion degree course. A project was set up for the second year students on the course to design a lingerie set. The winner's design would then be put into production for the 2011 Autumn Winter collection. The students would have 10 weeks to create "a DD+ piece to fit the brand’s modern and fun philosophies; making sure to focus on fit, style and support."
Sarah Greenwood won with her design Sugar Rush. Students Ella Chidgrey and Carli Pullinger came 2nd and 3rd. Sarah's design was adapted to Curvy Kate's existing collection by changing the original colour from green to indigo and being renamed Lottie. The Lottie design continued in Black, White and Pink for the 2013 Spring Summer collection.
In March 2011, Curvy Kate announced that they would be running the project again but with an 8 week deadline. Nabila Omar won with her plunge bra design. Students Sara Caspi and Bryony Anne Bennett came 2nd and 3rd. The design was incorporated into the 2012 Autumn Winter collection under the Wild name.
As well as the Create a Curvy Kate project, Curvy Kate has also employed students and graduates from the contour fashion course including their current designer.
UK Lingerie Awards.
In 2011, Curvy Kate were nominated for three awards at the UK Lingerie Awards for Lingerie Brand of the Year, Full Bust Brand of the Year and Best Marketing Campaign for Star in a Bra. They won the Full Bust Brand of the Year beating Gorgeous by Debenhams and Miss Mandalay to the award.
In 2012, Curvy Kate were nominated for four awards. Lingerie Brand of the Year, Full Bust Brand of the Year and Best Marketing Campaign for Star in a Bra again as well as the Favourite Lingerie Brand which is voted for by the public. They won the Full Bust Brand of the Year again as well as Best Marketing Campaign for Star in a Bra.

</doc>
<doc id="36784563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784563" title="Tseveensuren Ganbayar">
Tseveensuren Ganbayar

Tseveensuren Ganbayar (born 2 June 1991) is a Mongolian international footballer. He has appeared 4 times for the Mongolia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36784612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784612" title="Olzvoi Ochbayar">
Olzvoi Ochbayar

Olzvoi Ochbayar (born 26 April 1989) is a Mongolian international footballer. He has appeared 4 times for the Mongolia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36784657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784657" title="Amgalan Chinzorig">
Amgalan Chinzorig

Amgalan Chinzorig (; born 18 December 1987) is a Mongolian international footballer. He has appeared 4 times for the Mongolia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36784725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784725" title="Valerio Verre">
Valerio Verre

Valerio Verre (born January 11, 1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder currently playing for Palermo, on loan from Udinese and Roma.
Club career.
Roma and loan to Siena.
As a graduate of reserve team, Verre signed a 5-year contract in May 2012. 30 July he was involved in the transfer of Mattia Destro (€16M) from Geona (€8.5M) and Siena (€7.5M), which Giammario Piscitella and Verre went to Genoa in co-ownership deal for €1.5 million each. Verre was loaned to the beneficiary Siena for one season, as the club gave up on signing one of them from Roma by signing Eugenio Lamanna from Genoa for €1.5 million.
Verre made his Coppa Italia debut for Siena on 19 August 2012 in a match against Vicenza and scored the match's goal. He wore no.16 shirt.
In June 2013 Roma bought back the two players (Verre tagged for €2.5M; Piscitella €1.5M) from Genoa for €1 million cash plus Panagiotis Tachtsidis. (who immediately swapped with Francesco Lodi, both 50% registration rights tagged for €3 million)
Udinese and loan to Palermo.
After returning to Roma in June 2013, Verre was sold to Udinese in a co-ownership agreement for €€2.5 million (along with Nicolás López for €1 million) as a part exchange to a transfer deal involving Mehdi Benatia who moved to the "Giallorossi" for €13.5 million. After training with Udinese, he was loaned out to Serie B club Palermo on 2 September 2013, the final day of the summer transfer window.
International career.
Verre playing for the Italy U-19

</doc>
<doc id="36784730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784730" title="Odkhuu Selenge">
Odkhuu Selenge

Odkhuu Selenge (born 4 May 1984) is a Mongolian international footballer. He has appeared 13 times for the Mongolia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36784762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784762" title="Zundeliomyces">
Zundeliomyces

Zundeliomyces is a monotypic genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains the single species Zundeliomyces polygoni

</doc>
<doc id="36784883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784883" title="Sadhu Aur Shaitaan">
Sadhu Aur Shaitaan

Sadhu Aur Shaitaan (Hindi: साधु और शैतान) is a 1968 Hindi film directed by A. Bhimsingh and starring Mehmood, Om Prakash, and Pran in lead roles.
Plot.
It is a story of two bosom-friends, Sadhuram (Om Prakash) and Sher Khan (Pran).
Innocent and honest Bajrang (Mehmood) drives a taxi and helps everyone. He is devoted to another kind-hearted gentleman Mr. Sadhuram (Om Prakash) who is a bank employee. Bajrang is attracted to a school-teacher, Vidya (Bharathi). Vidya's brother Dina Nath (Kishore Kumar) is a Drama Artist.
One day a man claiming to be a child-hood friend of Sadhuram, named Sher Khan (Pran), enters their lives. His motive is to rob the bank where Sadhuram is employed and blame Sadhuram for this. He manipulates Sadhuram into accepting him, and moves in with him. He borrows a large sum of money from Sadhuram, and also manages to duplicate the bank's safe's key, and steals the money. The Bank Manager (Nasir Hussain) notifies the police of the robbery and Sadhuram becomes the prime suspect. In panic Sadhuram, who comes into possession of the money that Sher Khan has stolen, flees with the police on his tail. Sher Khan (alias dacoit Dilawar Khan) is killed and his dead body ends up in the back seat of Bajrang's taxi, and Bajrang too is on the run. No one can clear them of the crime because Dilawar Khan is dead.

</doc>
<doc id="36784896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784896" title="Ustilentylomataceae">
Ustilentylomataceae

Ustilentylomataceae is a family of Basidiomycota fungi in the order Microbotryales. It contains 3 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="36784963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784963" title="Aurantiosporium">
Aurantiosporium

Aurantiosporium is a genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains 5 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36784969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784969" title="Chrysidini">
Chrysidini

Chrysidini is a tribe of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae, subfamily Chrysidinae. 

</doc>
<doc id="36785015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785015" title="Tree of Science (Ramon Llull)">
Tree of Science (Ramon Llull)

Tree of Science (Arbre de la ciència, Arbor Scientiae) is one of the most extensive and characteristic works of Ramon Llull, written in Rome between 1295 and 1296. It is a version in encyclopaedia format of General Art or "Ars magna" aimed to non university public. It has recourse to an analogy common in it: the organic comparison, in which each science is represented by a tree with roots, trunk, branches, leaves and fruits. The roots represent the basic principles of each science; the trunk is the structure; the branches, the genres; the leaves, the species; and the fruits, the individual, his/her acts and his/her finalities. This vegetal allegory shows the influence of Aristotle.

</doc>
<doc id="36785048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785048" title="Fulvisporium">
Fulvisporium

'Fulvisporium is a monotypic genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains the sole species Fulvisporium restifaciens.

</doc>
<doc id="36785088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785088" title="Ian Mariano">
Ian Mariano

Ian Mariano (born 7 October 1990) is a Guamanian international footballer. He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2007.Ian has Filipino blood.He is one quarter Filipino due to his grandmother who comes from Samar, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36785097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785097" title="Didier Cabestany">
Didier Cabestany

Didier Cabestany is a French rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Cabestany played for Paris Saint-Germain in the 1996 and 1997 Super League competitions and later played for UTC.

</doc>
<doc id="36785106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785106" title="Ustilentyloma">
Ustilentyloma

Ustilentyloma is a genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae. It contains 4 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36785120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785120" title="Karen Dalton (basketball)">
Karen Dalton (basketball)

Karen Dalton (born 2 January 1961) is a former Australian women's basketball player.
Biography.
Dalton played 252 games for the national team between 1983 and 1994, competing at two Olympic Games; 1984 and 1988. Dalton also represented Australia at four World Championships; 1983, 1986, 1990 and 1994.
In the domestic Women's National Basketball League (WNBL), Dalton was a 2-time Defensive Player of the Year (1990 & 1993) and played in 375 games. At the 1988 Olympic Games, Karen and her brother Brad became the first brother and sister to represent Australia in the same sport at the same games. Following her retirement, Dalton went on to become the head coach of the Sydney Flames, a position she has held since 2001. During the 2001-2002 season Dalton was named the WNBL Coach of the Year.
Dalton was inducted into the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007. Dalton is also a Life Member of the WNBL.

</doc>
<doc id="36785134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785134" title="Ilyas Afandiyev">
Ilyas Afandiyev

Ilyas Mahammad oglu Afandiyev () was an Azerbaijani and Soviet writer, member of Azerbaijan Union of Writers (1940), Honored Art Worker of Azerbaijan (1960), laureate of the State Prize of Azerbaijan (1972) and People’s Writer of Azerbaijan (1979).
Biography.
Ilyas Afandiyev was born on May 26, 1914 in the Fuzuli Rayon of the Azerbaijan SSR. In 1938, he graduated from the Lenin Azerbaijan State Pedagogic Institute in Baku. In 1939, “Letters from the village” collection by Ilyas Afandiyev was published. In 1945, his “Serene nights” collection of stories was published. The collections are dedicated to the Soviet intelligentsia. I.Afandiyev was also broadly famed as a playwright. Psychological plays by the writer are successfully staged on scenes of theatres in Azerbaijan. He was author of novels, sketches and literary-critic articles.
Ilyas Afandiyev died on October 3, 1996 in Baku and was buried in the Alley of Honor.

</doc>
<doc id="36785179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785179" title="Thaddeus Atalig">
Thaddeus Atalig

Thaddeus Joseph Cardines Atalig (born 7 May 1995) is a Guamanian international footballer.
Atalig attended the St. John's School (Guam) and played for the Knights soccer team. He started than 2012 in the Budweiser Guam Men's Soccer League Division One for Fuji-Ichiban Espada.
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36785212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785212" title="Virtual sensing">
Virtual sensing

Virtual sensing techniques, also called soft sensing, proxy sensing, inferential sensing, or surrogate sensing, are used to provide feasible and economical alternatives to costly or unpractical physical measurement instrument. A virtual sensing system uses information available from other measurements and process parameters to calculate an estimate of the quantity of interest.
While a variety of virtual sensing techniques are available, the vast majority of these can be classified in two major categories:
Analytical virtual sensing.
Analytical techniques base the calculation of the measurement estimate on approximations of the physical laws that govern the relationship of the quantity of interest with other available measurements and parameters. For well-understood processes these approximations can be very accurate (e.g. using mass & energy balance equations) while for other processes precise physical models do not exist and the used approximations can be quite crude.
Analytical virtual sensing is often implemented through data validation and reconciliation methods.
Empirical virtual sensing.
Empirical techniques base the calculations of the measurement estimate on available historical measurement data of the same quantity, and on its correlation with other available measurements and parameters. The historical data of the un-measured quantity can be deriving either from actual measurement campaigns with temporarily installed sensor systems, or from detailed estimations with complex physical models that are computationally too expensive to run on-line. Empirical VS is therefore based on function approximation and regression techniques that can be implemented using a variety of statistical or machine learning modelling methods, such as, to name a few:

</doc>
<doc id="36785234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785234" title="Anthony Paulino">
Anthony Paulino

Anthony Paulino (born 8 June 1994 in Lower Astumbo, Dededo) is a Guamanian international footballer, who currently plays for the Washington Huskies soccer team.
Career.
He attended the Father Duenas Memorial School and played for the soccer team of the Friars. In 2010 left Guam and moved to LA, who signed for the Salesian High School (Los Angeles). Paulino played in 2012 during his senior year of Salesian High, for the Crossfire Premier soccer team in the U.S. Soccer Development Academy.
After his graduating in 2012 from the High School, signed for his studium with the University of Washington.
International.
The former Guam national under-16 Captain, made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36785247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785247" title="Karen Dalton">
Karen Dalton

Karen Dalton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36785252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785252" title="Leucosporidiella">
Leucosporidiella

Leucosporidiella is a genus of fungi found in the family Leucosporidiaceae. It contains 3 species. 

</doc>
<doc id="36785292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785292" title="NRHA Premier League">
NRHA Premier League

The NRHA Premier League is the leading competition in English Roller Hockey. The first Premier League season was in 1973-74 and saw Wolverhampton crowned champions. Two teams have dominated the NRHA Premier League titles over the decades even though others have won it or come close: Southsea RHC won the League 12 times from 1980-81 to 1991-92 and Herne Bay United won 16 titles from 1992-93 to 2009-10.
In the 2011-12 Season, Grimsby RHC won their first title pipping both Middlesbrough RHC (2nd place) and Herne Bay United (3rd place) to the title.
2012-13 Season.
The clubs that are competing in the 2012-13 Season are: Bury St. Edmunds RHC, Grimsby RHC, RHC Invicta, Herne Bay United, King's Lynn RHC, Letchworth RHC, Manchester RHC, Middlesbrough RHC and Peterborough RHC.

</doc>
<doc id="36785295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785295" title="Edward Wiley Ray">
Edward Wiley Ray

Edward Wiley Ray (born December 21, 1926 in Franklin, North Carolina) better known as "Eddie Ray" is the Operation Director and Vice Chairman of the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame Museum. He was an African American record company executive, record producer, songwriter, author, and an inductee in the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame. He was also a United States Presidential Appointee under Ronald Reagan serving as Commissioner and Chairman of the Copyright Royalty Tribunal.
Early years.
Ray was born and raised in Franklin, North Carolina which is in the western mountain region of North Carolina. He was the third youngest of eight children born to his father, Andrew Ray, owner of a janitorial service and his mother, Grace Ray, who was a homemaker. 
Ray had to leave Franklin to attend high school at Laurinburg Institute in Laurinburg, North Carolina because Franklin was segregated and did not have a high school for African American children.
After graduating from high school in 1944, Ray was accepted into an Army Reserve Specialized Training Program at Howard University in Washington, DC. Upon becoming 18 years of age he was inducted into the regular Army and then applied for Army Officer Candidate School. However, he was unable to pass the vision test because of formations of cataracts on both his eyes. After only a few months in the regular Army, Ray was discharged from the Army and in early 1945 moved to Milwaukee where he got his first job in the music industry as a stock boy at Decca Records Distributing Company.
Early music career.
In November 1945, Ray moved to Los Angeles and in early 1946 began working for Aladdin Records, a major, independent record company, as an assistant shipping clerk. Aladdin was owned by two brothers, Leo and Eddie Mesner both of whom became Ray’s mentors in the music industry. Some of the major recording artists on Aladdin at that time included, Johnny Moore, The Three Blazers featuring Charles Brown, Amos Milburn, The Five Keys, Lester Young and Illinois Jacquet. 
Ray was given opportunities to meet these artists and to attend their concerts and recordings session and began to learn in detail about the commercial music and recording business. During Ray’s three years employment at Aladdin Records, he also earned an Associate Arts degree in Business Administration from Los Angeles City College.
After leaving Aladdin Records in early 1950, Ray joined Central Record Sales Company, a major independent wholesale record distributor in Los Angeles, California. Central Record Sales was the exclusive distributor for a majority of the major, national independent record companies for the Southern California area. Initially Ray was responsible for Central’s “in house sales” to Southern California’s smaller retail stores and juke box operators. He eventually became chief record “buyer” and radio promotion man for Central Record Sales. 
While at Central Record Sales, Ray promoted and sold records for numerous rhythm and blues artists including Ruth Brown, The Drifters, B.B.King, Sam Cooke, Ray Charles, Joe Turner, Clyde McPhatter, Howlin' Wolf, Jesse Belvin, The Clovers, and other R&B recording stars of that era.
In 1954, while still at Central Record Sales, Ray and a musician/songwriter Rudy Jackson began writing songs together. Their biggest hit, was a song entitled “Hearts of Stone”, performed by a local Los Angeles singing group, The Jewels.
Ray, Al Schlesinger and Larry Goldberg formed a record label, "R & B Records", and released “Hearts of Stone” in the Southern California area only and sold over 50,000 copies. The song later became a top national charted, Pop, R&B and Country hit by the Fontaine Sisters, The Charms and Red Foley. Years later it became a national top charted record by the Bill Black Combo and John Fogerty and The Blue Ridge Rangers. “Hearts of Stone” has been recorded by over 32 major recording artists, including Elvis Presley and is in the soundtracks of several movies including "Goodfellas". "Hearts of Stone" is listed as one of Broadcast Music, Inc.'s Award Winning Songs.
1950s–1960s.
In February, 1955, Ray joined Imperial Records in Hollywood, California, a major, independent record company, as National Director of Promotion and Sales. During the nine years that Ray was with Imperial Records he was responsible for all the national promotion and sales for all Imperial/Minit recording artists, including, recording artists Fats Domino, Ricky Nelson, Slim Whitman, Sandy Nelson, Johnny Rivers, Ernie Freeman, Irma Thomas, Aaron Neville, Ernie K-Doe, Smiley Lewis, Billy J. Kramer and many others.
In addition to Ray’s responsibilities as director of national promotion and sales for Imperial, he also produced national chart hit single records by Sandy Nelson ( "Let There Be Drums"), Ernie Freeman ("Raunchy"), Irma Thomas ("Wish Someone Would Care" / "Time Is On My Side" / "Break Away") and several national charted albums by Sandy Nelson and Ernie Freeman.
In 1964, Ray joined Capitol Records, in Hollywood, California as Artists and Repertoire (A&R) Director of Tower Records, Capitol Records’ newly created, wholly owned subsidiary. Subsequently, Ray became Vice President of A&R for Capitol/Tower Records becoming the first African American executive of a major U.S. record company. 
During Ray’s five years as A&R chief for Capitol/Tower Records he acquired scores of successful selling EMI English and U.S. independently produced artists such as Freddie & The Dreamers, The Standells, Ian Whitcomb, The Arrows, the Sunrays, Harry Nilsson are some of the artists that had singles and/or albums that attained national chart positions during Ray’s tenure there. 
In addition, two of Ray’s most important acquisitions for Capitol/Tower Records were American International Pictures (AIP) successful movie sound track albums, including The Wild Angels and several others, produced by independent producer, Mike Curb, and the acquisition of the EMI rock group Pink Floyd.
Coburt Television Production/MGM Records.
In July 1969 Ray joined Coburt Television Production in Beverly Hills, California as executive vice president of COBURT’s newly created Record Music Division. COBURT was an independent television production company owned by Pierre Cossette, a successful Hollywood entertainment agent and subsequently an exclusive television producer of the Grammy Awards telecast for thirty four years and Burt Sugarman, a successful Beverly Hills business and investment financier, who subsequently produced "Midnight Special" TV musical series. 
Some of Ray’s most important accomplishments while with Coburt were his establishment of BMI & ASCAP music publishing firms for the Coburt Music Division; the successful negotiation of a Coburt/MGM Records label distribution agreement; and his production of a Chevrolet merchandising album featuring Glen Campbell, Dionne Warwick and Burt Bacharach that sold over a million units.
In 1970, Ray left CoBurt Television Production and joined MGM Records in Hollywood, California as Senior Vice President of A&R Administration. As head of A&R Administration at MGM, Ray was responsible for the administration of MGM's Recording studios in Hollywood, California and Nashville, Tennessee; MGM’s Copyright Clearance & Licensing Departments; MGM Artist's recording contract fulfillment requirements; Musician Union negotiations; recording session schedules & musician payments; record release pre-preparation; and the preparations of multi-million dollar recording budgets.
Some of the artists with whom Ray worked while at MGM were the Osmonds, Donnie & Marie, Lou Rawls, Sammy Davis, Jr.., Hank Williams, Jr., Richie Havens, and The Sylvers. 
MGM was sold to Polygram in 1973 but Ray was unwilling to move to the new MGM/Polydor/Polygram headquarters in New York City and negotiated his resignation from his MGM employment agreement.
Mid–late 1970s.
In early 1974, Ray moved to Memphis, Tennessee and became executive vice president and part owner of Sounds of Memphis Recording Studio and Record Production Company (SOM). Before Ray joined the company SOM had produced a couple of national hit records, one of which was the iconic record “Wooly Bully” by Sam the Sham & Pharaohs that was distributed by MGM Records. 
While at SOM, Ray terminated and negotiated new foreign music publishing and performance rights agreements for SOM’s music publishing companies; terminated and negotiated new SOM artists distribution agreements; and expanded SOM’s Recording Studio’s custom service business. Some of the artists represented by Ray while at SOM were Solomon Burke, Jazz organist Jimmy Smith, the Ovations, Barbara and the Browns, hit songwriter/artist George Jackson and others. 
Also, while still at SOM, Ray established his own company, Eddie Ray Music Enterprises, that among its other activities, established a vocational commercial music school named, The Tennessee College of Recording Arts and Sciences. Ray operated the school for two years and then assisted in incorporating the school’s commercial music program curricula into a degree program offered by Memphis State University’s (presently known as the University of Memphis) College of Fine Arts & Communications.
In 1976, Ray joined Cream/Hi Records as executive vice president and general manager. Ray was also responsible for the management of Cream/HI Records’ music publishing company, East Memphis Music, a former Stax Record music publishing company. Hi Records was a successful R&B Independent record label. Some of HI Records artists were Hall of Fame and Grammy award artist & songwriter Al Green, Ann Peebles, Ace Cannon, and the Bill Black Combo. 
Cream/Hi Records was well known for the numerous valuable music copyrights they owned which included songs such as “In The Midnight Hour”, “Knock On Wood”, “Green Onions”, “Hold On I’m Coming”, “Respect”, “Soul Man”, “Lets Stay Together” and many others.
Appointment to US Copyright Tribunal.
In October, 1981, Ray was appointed by President Ronald Reagan, and confirmed by the US senate, to serve as a US Commissioner on the US Copyright Royalty Tribunal (CRT), for the unexpired term of a commissioner who resigned. Then on September, 1982, President Reagan nominated Ray for the second for a full term of seven years as a Commissioner on the CRT.
The CRT’s primary responsibilities was (1) to set the Statutory Rates for certain sections of the Compulsory Licensing provisions of the US Copyright Act; and (2) to conduct Distribution Hearings to distribute Statutory Royalty funds that were deposited directly to the US Copyright Office by copyright users to be distributed to the appropriate copyright owners.
During Ray’s tenure, the CRT conducted one Statutory Rate Hearing and raised the original rate set by Congress for Cable/Satellite companies that retransmitted broadcast signals into a distant market. The definition of “distant market” was thirty miles from the location where the broadcast signal originated. The CRT’s Cable/Satellite rate final Determination cause a tremendous controversy among Cable/Satellite companies and several members of Congress who believed the rate was much too high. The Cable/ Satellite companies appealed the CRT’s Determination to the Second Federal Circuit Court in Washington, DC and the Court upheld the CRT’s Determination in full.
The CRT also conducted a Distribution Hearing each year during while Ray served as Commissioner at the CRT. During each of the Distribution Hearings, copyright owners were represented by copyright Claimants MPAA(for movies & TV Situation Comedies); Joints Sports (for NBA, Major League Baseball & NCAA ); Devotionals (TV Religious Programs); Music Performance Societies ( BMI, ASCAP, SESAC ); PBS; and NPR. 
The CRT annually distributed approximately $200,000,000 in royalties. In each of the Distribution Hearing’s the CRT’s final Determination were challenged by one or more of the copyright Claimants and appealed to the Second Federal Circuit Court in Washington, DC. In each Distribution Hearing appeal, the Circuit Court upheld the CRT’s determination.
Tribunal controversy.
President Reagan appointed Marianne Mele Hall to be Commissioner at the CRT. Commissioner Hall attempted to get Congress to change the law to permit only attorneys to serve as commissioners on the CRT which would have directly affected Commissioner Ray and Commissioner Mario Aguero, a Cuban-American on the CRT. Ray and Aguero were the only minority members and the only non-attorneys on the CRT at the time. During Hall’s campaign to have Congress change the law, she noted that she had co-authored a book entitled, “Foundations of Sand”. Later a reporter who had interviewed her secured the book and read it. The book contained disparaging remarks about African Americans, suggesting they were inferior to Caucasians quoting, “They insist on preserving their jungle freedoms, their women, their avoidance of personal responsibility, and their abhorrence of the work ethic”. 
Several national articles about the controversy appeared in newspapers across the country including the Washington Post, New York Times, and LA Times. The controversy also raised additional scrutiny regarding Presidential appointees and their vetting process in Congress and the public. 
Hall later tried to claim she only edited “Foundations of Sand” and was not a co-author. Despite her efforts to distance herself from the book, Hall’s association to the book damaged her character and caused national embarrassment for the Reagan Administration which forced her to resign from the CRT. 
Commissioner Ray became Acting Chairman of the CRT after Commissioner Hall’s resignation and appeared before Congress to respond to the issues that had been raised during the controversy. In addition, he oversaw changes to the CRT like the reduction of commissions from 7 to 5 which were voted on by Congress in response to the issues raised during the Hall controversy.
On September 29, 1989, Commissioner Ray’s term at the CRT expired and he did not seek another term.
North Carolina Music Hall of Fame.
From October 1989 through 2009 Ray was an independent commercial music consultant for various national record/music clients. During this period he also wrote and self-published books of poetry entitled Natural Expression, Straight From The Heart, Reflections On The Joys & Sorrows of The Heart, Thorns And Roses, and Up From The Mountains.
In January 2009, Ray became Vice Chairman of the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame (NCMHOF) and Operation Director of its Hall of Fame Museum in Kannapolis, North Carolina. The NCMHOF is a non-profit organization and museum that was created to honor musicians, composers and artists with ties to North Carolina that have made significant impact in the music industry. Ray was instrumental in reopening the museum and moving it from its original home in Thomasville, North Carolina to its present location in Kannapolis. 
In October 2009, Ray was inducted into the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame as a non-performing artist, originally from the State of North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="36785311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785311" title="Afef Ben Ismail">
Afef Ben Ismail

Afef Ben Ismail (born 17 March 1994 in Tunis) is a Tunisian sprint canoeist. 
She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, in the women's K-1 500 metres where she finished sixth in her semifinal and failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36785332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785332" title="Leucosporidium">
Leucosporidium

Leucosporidium is a genus of fungi found in the family Leucosporidiaceae. It contains 5 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36785337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785337" title="Ian Adamos">
Ian Adamos

Ian Adamos (born 3 April 1988 in San Diego, California) is a Guamanian international footballer.
Career.
Adamos attended the Morse High School in San Diego, CA and played for the Tigers soccer team. In 2006 attended from the High School and started his soccer career with San Diego Flash. He joined than in January 2012 to Philippine side Global FC, before signed in summer for American side SoCal Elite.
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36785376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785376" title="Mastigobasidium">
Mastigobasidium

Mastigobasidium is a monotypic genus of fungi found in the family Leucosporidiaceae. It contains the sole species Mastigobasidium intermedium. . 

</doc>
<doc id="36785400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785400" title="Marcus Lopez">
Marcus Lopez

Marcus Lopez (born 9 February 1992 in Barrigada, Guam) is a Guamanian international footballer. 
Career.
Lopez from the St. John's School and signed later for his senior year with the Harvest Christian Academy in Barrigada, Guam. He played from 2010 to 2011 for the Lasell College Lasers men soccer team. In September 2011 joined for his soccer career to the Guam Men's Soccer League club Guam Shipyard.
On March 2013, Lopez joined UFL side Pachanga Diliman.
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36785412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785412" title="GJ Club">
GJ Club

Plot.
Shinomiya Kyōya is forced to become a new member of the GJ-bu (lit. GJ Club), an unidentified club that dwells in a room of the former building of a certain school. There he meets four girls: Mao, Megumi, Shion and Kirara. Time flies with these unique girls around. The series follows the everyday, though unusual, antics of this band of friends.
Media.
Light novels.
The light novel series "GJ-bu" is written by Shin Araki and illustrated by Aruya. It is published by Shogakukan. The first volume was published on March 18, 2010 and the final, ninth - on March 16, 2012. On April 18, 2012, the first volume of the spin-off series was published. As of January 17, 2014, there have been eight volumes published A special volume, titled was published on March 19, 2013, and another, titled is scheduled to be released on April 18, 2014.
Anime.
The anime aired between January 10 and March 28, 2013. It has been licensed for streaming by Crunchyroll. The opening theme song is by Otome Shintō with Tamaki added in the opening animation on Episode 7 onwards, there are four ending themes including:
The insert song for Episode 12 is "GRADUATION COLOR" by Mao Amatsuka. The first, second, and third ending are featured in the first OST "G", and Hashiri Dasō! with GRADUATION COLOR are featured in the second OST "J".
A sequel special, titled , will be released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on May 14, 2014. The special will be 46 minutes long and its story is set after graduation, when the GJ club visits New York for their spring vacation.

</doc>
<doc id="36785421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785421" title="Kiro Urdin">
Kiro Urdin

Kiro Urdin (Macedonian: Киро Урдин born 1945 in Strumica, Macedonia, is a visual, multimedia artist and film director. He is the artistic founder of the Planetarism movement. He represented France at the French Festival in Tapei, and the Republic of Macedonia at the Thessaloniki - Culture Capital of Europe ’97 event in Greece. His ballet 'Planetarium' (with Debbie Wilson) and his film of the same name were performed at the United Nations 60th Anniversary. He is a member of the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Kiro is a citizen of both Macedonia and France.
Early years.
Kiro Urdin was born May 12, 1945 to Mihail Urdinov (Macedonian: Михаил Урдинов) and Makedonka (Македонка). He is the youngest of 5 children: brothers - Kostadin (1930) – a writer, Dragan (1932) – an innovator, Vasil (1935) – sculptor, gallery and restaurant owner), and a sister Katarina (1941).
Kiro initially set out to be a lawyer. He graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School in 1969. From 1971-1973 he worked as a journalist.
In October 1973 he moved to Paris and painted tourists, since he was doing it without permission his work permit was taken. It was at that point he decided to make painting his life. Then, he enrolled at the "Academy of Arts Plastiques in Paris, and i"n 1977, he graduated as a director from the Paris Film School. From 1982-1984, he worked as an independent painter in France, USA, Japan, Switzerland, Sweden, Mexico, Belgium, Puerto Rico, Philippines, Taiwan.
Career.
Beginnings.
Kiro has been painting professionally since 1985. He is known for his contemporary art paintings which have been exhibited worldwide since 1986. His art has been exhibited in cities like Yokohama, Los Angeles, London, Stockholm and Bratislava. His most famous work to date is Planetarium, a 48 square meter oil on canvas and the first painting to be worked on all over the world.
In 1988, Kiro went to New York and Hollywood to pursue his film ambitions. There he directed four films, one of which was "The Art of Kiro Urdin".
The Planetarium Project.
In 1996 Kiro embarked on an epic journey around the world, in a pursuit to create the first painting to be worked on all over the world. His idea was to incorporate a piece from every place he visited, thus symbolically bringing the world together in one undivided unity. It took him two years and over thirty locations, from big urban cities to ancient world sites: the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem and the Tomb of Jesus Christ, New York, The Berlin Wall, Nerezi, Ohrid, Brussels, Knokke-le-Zoute, Bruges, Paris, Rome, Pompeii, Pisa, the Suez Canal, London, Stonehenge, Athens, Cape Soúnion, the Nile, the Great Pyramids in Giza, Kenya (Masai Mara), Machu Picchu, Cuzco, Bangkok, Peking (the Forbidden City) and the Great Wall of China, Tokyo, Kamakura, Mont Saint-Michel, Nuenenn and Eindhoven. The result of Kiro's two year journey was a 48m2 oil painting which he entitled Planetarium.
A film crew was hired to document the effort. A documentary film entitled Planetaruim, was subsequently released. Directed by Ivan Mitevski, it won Best Documentary at the New York International Independent Film and Documentary Festival in 2005.
Also a monograph with photos taken during the two year trip by Marin Dimevski, was released simultaneously with the movie.
Today the painting is in courtesy of the Danubiana Meulensteen Art Museum in Bratislava.
Collaboration with choreographer Debbie Wilson.
Urdin was in the process of taking his painting, Planetarium, to more than 30 countries, and he would add dabs of colour in each new locale. After seeing the painting choreographer Debbie Wilson approached Kiro and proposed to expand the Planetarium experience through a new medium – dance. Macedonian composer Venko Serafimov was called onboard to compose the music for the dance. The dance features eight dancers from Wilson’s own troupe, a local Toronto contemporary dance company, and seven from the classically trained Macedonian National Theatre. In an interview for Now Toronto, Debbie admits this kind of setup made the show something of a logistical nightmare.
Planetarium dance premiered in Toronto Dance Theater, Canada, and since it has been performed in Ohrid, Heraclea, Skopje, Chicago, Ankara, and during the commemoration of the United Nations 60th anniversary in Geneva.
Planetarsm and Beyond.
Kiro’s work has evolved beyond traditional media like film and paintings to include dance, sculpture, literature, photography, philosophy and design. So far, Kiro has published 15 books with aphorisms, one book of poetry entitled ‘Novel’. ‘Light’, a poem from the book was selected for the Pushkin Festival in Moscow.
Kiro has been driven in his efforts by one unifying philosophy: to bridge different cultures together, and to bring all art forms into one. Or as he puts it into his own words, as he defines the slogan of the Planetarism movement: “One Point everywhere, everything in one point. One Art everywhere, everything in one Art.”
Filmography.
Urdin's filmography includes the following:
Books.
Urdin has authored the following books:
Awards and Nominations.
During the course of his film career, Kiro has received many awards and nominations. 

</doc>
<doc id="36785432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785432" title="Dylan Naputi">
Dylan Naputi

Dylan Pinaula Naputi (born 4 January 1995) is a Guamanian international footballer.
Career.
Naputi graduated 2011 from the George Washington High School in Barrigada, Guam. After his graduation started his soccer career for the Quality Distributors in the Guam Men's Soccer League.
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36785450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785450" title="Reyn Johnson">
Reyn Johnson

Reyn Johnson (born 1 November 1990) is a Guamanian international footballer. He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36785455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785455" title="O. Palmer Robertson">
O. Palmer Robertson

O. Palmer Robertson (born August 31, 1937) is an American Christian theologian and biblical scholar. He taught at Reformed Theological Seminary, Westminster Theological Seminary, Covenant Theological Seminary, Knox Theological Seminary as well as at the African Bible Colleges of Malawi and Uganda. He also served as principal of the latter institution. 
Robertson is perhaps best known for his book "The Christ of the Covenants". His definition of a biblical covenant being "a bond in blood, sovereignly administered" has been widely discussed. 
In 2008, a "Festschrift" was published in his honor. "The Hope Fulfilled: Essays in Honor of O. Palmer Robertson" (ISBN 1596381159) included contributions by Bruce Waltke, Richard Gaffin, George W. Knight III, Simon J. Kistemaker, Robert L. Reymond, and Morton H. Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="36785467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785467" title="Zachary DeVille">
Zachary DeVille

Zachary DeVille (born 23 March 1993 in San Diego, California, United States) is a Guamanian international footballer.
Career.
Deville played youth soccer for San Diego based club Nott's Forest FC, not to be confused with Nottingham Forest.
In 2006 attended the St. Augustine Catholic High School in San Diego, CA. After one year joined to the University City High School and played for the Centurions soccer team. Since 2008 played besides San Diego Surf as part of the US Soccer Development Academy. In August 2011 attended the Northridge University.
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36785477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785477" title="Randy Espinosa">
Randy Espinosa

Randolph Navarette Espinosa (born 22 August 1988) is a Guamanian international footballer. 
Career.
Espinosa played for the Guam U-18 team, before joined to Seattle Redhawks. In 2009 signed for Guam United Soccer Club.
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36785482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785482" title="Metro Cinema (Kolkata)">
Metro Cinema (Kolkata)

Metro Cinema or Metro Cinemas is a uniplex cinema hall and a heritage building located in Jawahar Lal Nehru Road (Esplanade), Kolkata, West Bengal, India. This theatre was owned by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
History.
This cinema hall was a project of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to promote their films in Kolkata (then Calcutta). In 1934 Thomas Lamb, New York-based (Scottish born) architect drew up plans for this theatre and in 1935 it was inaugurated. The first film shown in this cinema was "Way Out West". The Metro was the most modern of the cinemas in Calcutta till the Lighthouse Cinema was built in the early 1940s.
Turning into multiplex.
Heritage commission of Calcutta Municipal Corporation initiated a project to turn this standalone theatre into a multiplex. On 27 June 2012, The Telegraph (Calcutta) wrote about this– "This, for many, is yet another instance of the city’s total indifference to its cultural heritage about which it never fails to boast ".

</doc>
<doc id="36785490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785490" title="Christian Schweizer">
Christian Schweizer

Christian Schweizer (born 6 January 1995) is a Guamanian international footballer. 
Career.
Schweizer started his soccer career with seven years in the Robbie Webber Youth Soccer League for the Crushers Football Club of Hagåtña, Guam. In 2007 joined to the youthteam of the Wings Soccer Club, who played until 2009. In 2009 attended the St. John's School (Guam) and played besides for the Tamuning based youth soccer club Wings SC. 
Schweizer started his Senior career in 2011 in the Guam Men's Soccer League for Fuji-Ichiban Espada FC. 
International.
He made his first appearance for the Guam national football team in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36785502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785502" title="Water View, Virginia">
Water View, Virginia

Water View is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Water View is located on the Rappahannock River north-northwest of Urbanna. Water View had a post office, which closed on March 8, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36785505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785505" title="Saint Contardo of Este">
Saint Contardo of Este

Saint Contardo of Este was the posthumous son of Aldobrandino of Este, marquis of Ferrara. He was born in 1216 in Ferrara.
He renounced to his wealth and position of crown prince of Ferrara to become a simple "God's man" and started on a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela.
He fell ill in Broni (Province of Pavia, Lombardy, Italy) and died there. His body was first buried on the hill where he died. Miracles were reported on his grave : severely sick people were cured.
The body was later transferred to the Saint Peter parish church (which later became a Minor basilica) in Broni. Two relics are in "Saint Biagio church (Saint Blaise) in Modena.
His cult was approved in 1609 by Pope Paul V (papacy 1605-1621) on the request of Claudio Rangoni (it), bishop of Piacenza (1596-1619), native of Modena, and indulgences were linked to it by Pope Urban VIII (papacy 1623-1644) 
Patron.
He is patron to : 
He is co-patron of :
<br style="clear:left">

</doc>
<doc id="36785510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785510" title="Vestapol">
Vestapol

Vestapol is a music publishing company with over 100 DVDs and videos published as of 2004. It has been releasing videos since the 1960s, mainly featuring jazz, blues, country and folk music artists. The video line is produced by Stefan Grossman. Artists who have recorded on Vestapol video include Merle Travis, Joe Pass, Pat Kirtley, Norman Blake, Preston Reed, and Raymond Fairchild. The name Vestapol refers to an open D Major tuning for the guitar, common in finger-style guitar in country and folk music.
Grossman also began to acquire concert footage of the old blues and country artists who had been rediscovered in the 1960s and had often made TV appearances; this was the basis of Vestapol Videos, which edited and reissued this footage. It was a breakthrough for younger guitarists to be able to watch Big Bill Broonzy, Lightnin' Hopkins, Reverend Gary Davis and many others long after these players had died. Vestapol rapidly expanded to include concert footage from living artists too. Although originally issued as video tapes, almost all of this material (both instructional and concert) has in the last few years been re-issued on DVD. The Guitar Workshop mails worldwide from its bases in New Jersey and Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36785527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785527" title="Naranappa Uppoor">
Naranappa Uppoor

Naranappa Uppoor (1918–1984) was a famous "bhagavath" (Yakshagana singer) of Yakshagana art during 20th Century. He was much known for his voice, knowledge of tradition and heritage of Yakshagana. Dr. Shivarama Karanth, writer and his contemporary opined that "Naranappa Uppoor is one person who is very familiar with the rich heritage of stage traditions (of Yakshagana). Only he can tell us what we had in the past and what we are losing."
Early life and education.
Narnappa Uppoor was born at Marvi, near Thattuvattu, a small village in Udupi Taluk, India; his father name is Marvi Srinivasa Uppoor. His father was his guru in Yakshagana. Marvi Srinivasa Uppoor was himself a "bhagavath" or Yakshagana singer for forty years and he was known for a distinct style of singing called "Marvi Style" and his brother Vasudeva uppoor was a maddale player for Yakshagana. Naranappa Uppoor leart singing as well as other aspects of Yakshagana from his father and family circle.
Contribution to Yakshagana.
Naranappa Uppoor started as "Bhagavatha" (singer) in Sri Amrutheshwari Mela, Kota in 1937. Narnappa Uppoor was one of the notable background singers of 20th Century. In his career of more than four decades, he has worked as "bhagavatha" in several Yakshagana troupes, including Sri Amrutheshwari Yakshagana Mandali, Kota, and other melas located at Saligrama, Soukur, Idugunji, Kollur, Maranakatte etc. He was knowing 40 "prasangas" (story poems) by heart and he could sing 60 yakshagana ragas (tunes).
Association with Dr. Karanth.
Naranappa Uppoor actively involved with experiments of Dr. Shivarama Karanth in the field of Yakshagana. Dr. Karanth tried various reformations to Yakshagana, one being reduction of total time of the performance from earlier 8–10 hours to 2–3 hours. Another bold experiment by Dr. Karanth was "Yakshagana Byale", where ballet techniques are mingled with Yakshagana dance and together they produced "Krishnarjuna Kalaga", Yakshagana ballet which was applauded by art lovers of Mumbai in 1968. Dr. Shivarama Karanth has acknowledged the support given by Naranappa Uppoor in his research on Yakshagana.
Author.
He authored "Yakshagana Adhyayana", a book dedicated to ancient heritage of Yakshagana, which include yakshagana syllabus for learners also.
Teaching.
He has trained several students in yakshagana background singing and several such students have become good "bhagavaths". Most famous of his student was Kalinga Navada, who was said to have inherited Narnappa Uppoor's style of singing. Subrahmanya Dhareshwar, another famous "bhagavath" of coastal Karnatak learnt "bhagavathike"(singing) from Naranappa Uppoor.
He also encouraged other background artists like "Maddale" beaters. Kalinga Navada, famous Yakshagana singer was trained as "bhagavatha" by Uppoor.
Yakshagana Kalakendra, Hangarakatte.
This school for teaching yakshagana was started by Naranappa Uppoor in 1972. Hundreds of students learnt Yakshagana art at this center and later performed Yakshagana art in various troupes of Coastal Karnataka.
The death.
On 12 April 1984, "Bhagavatha" Narnappa Uppoor suffered heart attack when singing for Amrutheshwari Yakshagana troupe (his first employer) during a public performance and succumbed later on the same day.
Award instituted.
Selected Yakshagana artists are awarded with "Bhagavath Naranappa Uppoor Award" every year.

</doc>
<doc id="36785533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785533" title="Wake, Virginia">
Wake, Virginia

Wake is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Wake is east-southeast of Saluda. Wake has a post office with ZIP code 23176, which opened on February 19, 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="36785534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785534" title="Semadoh">
Semadoh

Semadoh is a village located in dense Melghat Tiger Reserve in Dharni Tahsil, Amravati District, Maharashtra.
Near Semadoh on the banks of Sipna River is a Forest Jungle camp consisting of four Dormitories (60 Bed) and Ten cottages (20 bed). The cottages have been recently renovated and are in good condition. There is a museum next to cafeteria (mess). Most important is presence of wild life in the area like Tigers, Sloth bear, leopards and other jungle animals. Bookings can be done though Forest Department Amravati.

</doc>
<doc id="36785585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785585" title="Hardyville, Virginia">
Hardyville, Virginia

Hardyville is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Hardyville is located on Virginia State Route 33 west of Deltaville. Hardyville has a post office with ZIP code 23070, which opened on October 14, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="36785588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785588" title="Sharon Walraven">
Sharon Walraven

Sharon Walraven (born 19 June 1970, Schaesberg) is a Dutch wheelchair tennis player. She became paraplegic at age 23 after complications following a fall while she was ice-skating. She has won seven Grand Slams doubles titles partnering compatriot Esther Vergeer. At the 2008 Paralympics in Beijing she won the Gold medal in the women's doubles competition. At the 2000 Paralympics in Sydney she won a Silver medal in the women's singles competition. Walraven has a highest ranking of No.2 in singles and No.1 in doubles.
Walraven won the doubles title with Griffioen in St Louis 2010, however the pair lost in the final in Paris. With Graviller she took the Florida Open title.
With Vergeer, Walraven achieved the Grand Slam in 2011, defeating Griffioen and van Koot in all four finals. During the finals the pair recovered from being 5–2 down in the final set at Wimbledon and 6–1 down in the second set tiebreak at the US Open to win. The pair were also victorious in the Masters. Alongside Vergeer she lost the final at Boca Raton.
2012 saw Walraven win a singles title in Trofeo della Mole. However Walraven also lost finals in Sardinia, Olot and Gauteng. In doubles competition Walraven won the first Grand Slam of the year, the Australian Open with Vergeer. Throughout the rest of the year she won the Japan Open with Buis, and titles in Olot and Sardinia with Ellerbrock.Walraven was runner up at the Pensacola Open with Vergeer, in Atlanta with Sevenans, and made the finals in Gauteng and Johannesburg with Kruger. Walraven helped her nation win a 25th World Team Cup final.

</doc>
<doc id="36785590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785590" title="FNLPA">
FNLPA

National Federation of Plantation and Agricultural Workers (FNLPA) was a plantation workers' trade union in Somalia. It was founded in 1958 and was affiliated to the Somali Confederation of Labour. FNLPA had contacts with the International Federation of Plantation, Agricultural and Allied Workers (IFPAAW). The organization had its headquarters in Merca.

</doc>
<doc id="36785594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785594" title="Carlos Carneiro (handballer)">
Carlos Carneiro (handballer)

Carlos Hugo Freitas Carneiro (born 3 March 1982) is a Portuguese handballer who plays for Benfica and the Portugal national handball team.
He was elected Most Valuable Player in the 2010/11 season of Liga Portuguesa de Andebol
Honors.
Madeira Andebol SAD
SL Benfica

</doc>
<doc id="36785623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785623" title="Richardson (1903 cyclecar)">
Richardson (1903 cyclecar)

"For the later 1920s British Richardson cyclcar made in Sheffield see Richardson (1919 cyclecar)."
The Richardson was a British cyclecar manufactured by J. R. Richardson of Saxilby, Lincolnshire, between 1903 and 1907. 
Three versions of the car were produced with 6.5 hp single, 12/14 hp twin or 18/20 hp four cylinder engines. The two larger cars had four speed gearboxes and they all had shaft drive.
Mr Richardson was also a manager at the French MASS car company and it is possible that the Richardson cars were actually re-badges MASS vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="36785648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785648" title="My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU">
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU

, also known in the short forms , , is a Japanese light novel series written by Wataru Watari and illustrated by Ponkan8. There are four ongoing manga adaptations and two anthology volumes. It has been adapted into an anime television series, which aired between April 4 and June 27, 2013. A video game, titled "Yahari Game demo Ore no Seishun Rabu Kome wa Machigatteiru." and published by 5pb., for the PlayStation Vita was released on September 19, 2013. A second anime season has been green-lit.
Plot.
The story follows loners, the pragmatic Hachiman Hikigaya and beautiful Yukino Yukinoshita who despite their varying personalities and ideals, offer help and advice to others as part of their school's Service Club. It largely depicts various social situations faced by teens in a high school setting and the psychology driving their interactions.
Media.
Light novel.
The light novel series is written by Wataru Watari and illustrated by Ponkan8. It is being published by "Shogakukan" under the "Gagaga Bunko" imprint. The first volume was published on March 18, 2011, and the latest, ninth - on April 18, 2014. Volumes 3, 4, 7 and 8 were published simultaneously with limited special editions. The special editions of the 3rd and 7th volumes were bundled with drama CDs and those of the 4th and 8th volumes – with an art books by Ponkan8 and guest illustrators. A set of the first 7 volumes was released on March 19, 2013. A collection of short stories, volume 7.5, was published on August 20, 2013. Three additional short volumes, 6.25, 6.50 and 6.75 were bundled with the limited editions of the 1st, 3rd and 5th DVD and BD volumes respectively of the anime series, and will released as single volume, numbered 6.5, on July 18, 2014. A limited special edition of it will be bundled with a drama CD.
Drama CDs.
A drama CD, titled , was released with a special edition of the 3rd light novel on November 18, 2011. The drama CD contains a character song, sung by Saori Hayami and Nao Tōyama, titled "Bright Generation" and composed by Yukari Hashimoto. A second drama CD, titled , was sold together with the first one at Marvelous AQL's booth at Comiket 83, held on December 29, 30, and 31, 2012. A third drama CD, titled , was bundled with the special edition of the 7th volume, published on March 19, 2013. The drama CD contains a character song by Saori Hayami and Nao Tōyama, titled "Rock You!!" and composed and arranged by Yūya Saitō. A fourth drama CD will be released with the special edition of volume 6.5 on July 18, 2014.
Manga.
The first manga adaptation is illustrated by Rechi Kazuki and published by "Square Enix" under the title . Its serialization began in the magazine "Big Gangan" on September 25, 2012. As of May 24, 2014, there have been four "tankōbon" published. A second series, illustrated by Naomichi Io and titled began serialization in Shogakukan's "Monthly Sunday Gene-X" magazine. The first chapter was published in the magazine's January 2013 edition, released on December 19, 2012. It has been collected into three "tankōbon" volumes, published, between May 17, 2013 and May 19, 2014. A 4-panel manga series by Yūta Taneda is published by Ichijinsha under the title . A preview chapter was published in the May 2013 issue of the "Manga 4-koma Palette" magazine, released on March 22, 2013, and the first chapter - in the June 2013 issue, on April 22, 2013. A "tankōbon" volume of it was released on June 21, 2014. An anthology volume by several authors was published by Ichijinsha under their DNA Media Comics imprint on May 25, 2013, and a second one, on July 25, 2013.
Anime.
A 12-episode anime television series, directed by Ai Yoshimura and produced by "Brain's Base" aired between April 4 and June 20, 2013, with an additional anime-original episode with writing by Wataru Watari following the series on June 27, 2013. The series was simulcast with English subtitles by Crunchyroll. An OVA episode on Blu-ray Disc was bundled with the limited edition of the video game, released on September 19, 2013. The opening theme is by Nagi Yanagi and the ending is "Hello Alone" by Saori Hayami and Nao Tōyama. The anime has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America and Madman Entertainment in Australia. A second season has been green-lit.
Video game.
A video game for PlayStation Vita, titled was published by 5pb. and released on September 19, 2013. Takuya Eguchi, Saori Hayami, and Nao Tōyama reprised their roles from the anime. The limited edition was bundled with an OVA episode.

</doc>
<doc id="36785650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785650" title="Michal Mravec">
Michal Mravec

Michal Mravec (born 10 June 1987 in Žilina) is a professional Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Podbeskidzie.
Career.
Born in Žilina. He started his career by playing in the youth teams of MŠK Žilina, where he won numerous tournaments including competitions in the Netherlands, Italy and all over Europe. 
Mravec was named the best juggler and the most technical player in the country at the U14 level. Later his career continued in the USA, where he joined Redwings Soccer Club based out of Atlanta, Ga. 
At age of 19 he accepted an offer for a full athletic scholarship from University of Alabama at Birmingham Men's Soccer Team and joined the Blazers. During his UAB career, Mravec earned a multiple C-USA All-Conference accolades. 
In 2011, Mravec was drafted by MLS Sporting Kansas City. In July 2011, he joined Dutch club FC Emmen on two-year contract. He made his debut for FC Emmen against FC Eindhoven on 5 August 2011. 
On 4 February 2013, he signed two and half year contract with MŠK Žilina.
On 25 July 2013, Mravec made his first team debut against NK Olimpija Ljubljana in the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="36785655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785655" title="Hadensville, Virginia">
Hadensville, Virginia

Hadensville is an unincorporated community in Goochland County, Virginia, United States. Hadensville is north-northwest of Goochland. Hadensville has a post office with ZIP code 23067.

</doc>
<doc id="36785659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785659" title="Hedychrum">
Hedychrum

Hedychrum is a genus of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae.

</doc>
<doc id="36785711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785711" title="Jessica Kahawaty">
Jessica Kahawaty

Jessica Michelle Kahawaty (born 12 September 1988 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a Lebanese Australian beauty pageant winner from Australia and most recently the face and presenter for Yahoo Maktoob's new entertainment shows, 'omg! NOW' and 'omg! NUJOOM'. Jessica won Miss World Australia 2012, then proceeded to Miss World 2012 in Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, China, where she claimed second runner-up. In 2010, she competed in Miss Lebanon 2010 held at the LBC studios in Adma, Lebanon. Despite receiving the highest scores from nine independent jury members, she was only rewarded the position of third runner-up. She received the highest score in Swimwear, with a score of 9.778, ranked first again in Evening wear with a mark of 9.811 and ranked second in Questions with a difference of only 0.006 from first. Kahawaty previously represented Lebanon at the age of 19, at the Miss International 2008 pageant held in Macau on 8 November 2008, where she placed as one of the Top 12 semi-finalists.
Jessica won her first beauty pageant at the age of 17 years old in Sydney, Australia on May 2007. She was crowned Miss Lebanon Australia 2007 and was the first Lebanese Australian to subsequently win Miss Lebanon World 2008 in the following year. The pageant, held in Batroun Village Club, Lebanon, on 14 August 2008 featured 31 contestants with Lebanese origin from around the world. In November, she represented Lebanon in Miss International 2008, where she placed in the Top 12. Recently, Jessica was voted as the most likely contestant to win the Miss Lebanon 2010 pageant, with local and international media on her side. However, due to political and religious interferences, she finished third runner-up with Rahaf Abdallah taking the crown with scores lower than Kahawaty.
Jessica has studied a combined degree of Bachelor of Laws and Business with a major in Finance in Sydney. In her acting career, she has filmed various commercials for known brands such as Maybelline Cosmetics for India and Lexus cars for Australia. She has also been featured in major catwalks, magazines and photo-shoots around the world.
While focusing on her career, Kahawaty also aids in community service and conducts her own charity events. Upon her reign in 2007, she raised thousands of dollars for charities in both Australia and Lebanon most notably Lilla community and Charity:water.

</doc>
<doc id="36785738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785738" title="The Kagawa Museum">
The Kagawa Museum


</doc>
<doc id="36785743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785743" title="Studley, Virginia">
Studley, Virginia

Studley is an unincorporated community in Hanover County, Virginia, United States. Studley is northeast of downtown Richmond. Studley has a post office with ZIP code 23162.
Patrick Henry's Birthplace Archeological Site, Pine Slash, Totomoi, Williamsville, and Wyoming are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36785758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785758" title="Richardson (1919 cyclecar)">
Richardson (1919 cyclecar)

"For the pre World war I British Richardson cyclcar made in Lincolnshire see Richardson (1903 cyclecar)."
The Richardson was a British cyclecar manufactured by C. E. Richardson of Finbat Works, Aizlewood Road, Sheffield, between 1919 and 1921. 
Before World War I Richardsons had made children's toys and scooters and were pionheer makers of model aircraft. During the war they had switched production to munitions. With peace it was decided to branch out into cyclecar manufacture and a car was designed by Albert Clarke, the brother-in-law of Charles Richardson.
The car was powered by a V-twin, air cooled engine with a choice of 980 cc JAP or 1090 cc Precision types. Both power units drove through a friction drive and belt to the rear axle. Later models used a chain drive.
Early cars had an acutely sloped dummy radiator but this changed to a more stylish vertical design in 1921.
It is thought that around 500 cars were made before production stopped in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="36785775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785775" title="Luka Mratović">
Luka Mratović

Luka Mratović is a professional sailor representing Croatia. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36785793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785793" title="Dinek, Karaman">
Dinek, Karaman

Dinek is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Karadağ, an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 193 as of 2011. In the history (beginning by Hitites) there had been several settlements around Dinek. In the village there are three tumuli officially declared as SIT (Archaeological site). But the present village was founded in the 19th century by Yörüks (once nomadic Turkmens). The name of the village is a common name of villages founded by Yörüks. Main economic activity of the village is agriculture. But because of the irrigation water shortage the production is limited. Animal breeding is a secondary activity.

</doc>
<doc id="36785796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785796" title="Šime Fantela">
Šime Fantela

Šime Fantela (born 19 January 1986 in Zadar) is a professional sailor representing Croatia. He is a two-time Olympian in 470 class and has won four medals at the 470 World Championships.
In 2009 in Rungsted, Fantela and fellow Croatian Igor Marenić, claimed gold medal at the 470 World Championships, becoming the first Croatians to win gold medal at the ISAF World Championships.
Career.
Early career.
Fantela began sailing at the age of six. He competed in Optimist class. At the 1998 Cadet World Championships he won bronze medal. Two years later, he won gold medal at the Cadet World Championships.
After the early successes in Optimist, he switched to 470 class with his colleague Igor Marenić. In six junior years in 470, they have won plenty of medals. They have become World Junior Champions on three occasions (2003, 2005 and 2007). They also won silver medal in 2006 and a bronze medal in 2004. At the European Junior Championships, they have won three medals; gold in 2005 and two silver medals (in 2002 and 2006). They won gold medal at the 2005 Summer Universiade in Izmir, Turkey. At their first Mediterranean Games they finished 4th.
Their first bigger success among the seniors came in 2006 when they finished fifth at the World Championships. One year later, at the 2007 World Championships they finished sixth and earned an Olympic quota place for 2008 Summer Olympics becoming the fourth Croatian crew to qualify for the Olympics in 470 class.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Fantela and Marenić were selected to represent Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics. At the regatta held in Qingdao International Marina between 11 and 18 August, they have finished ninth overall among 29 crews with 107 net points. They have won tenth race and finished in top 10 on four other occasions. In the medal race, they claimed eight place. Overall, Fantela was pleased with their performance at the 2008 Olympics: "We were hoping for top 10 position and we reached it". At the time, ninth place have been the best Croatian result in 470 at the Olympics.
Senior Breakthrough (2009–2012).
After the post-Olympic break, Fantela and Marenić began their campaign towards 2012 Summer Olympics. They won gold medal at the 2009 European Championships in Traunsee, Austria. They have become the first European Champions in Olympic classes from Croatia since 1978. At the 2009 Mediterranean Games in Pescara they won silver medal. Successes from 2009 were crowned at the 470 World Championships in Rungsted when Fantela and Marenić became first Croatian World Champions in Olympic sailing.
In 2010, Fantela and Marenić went on to defend their World title. At the World Championships in The Hague they have won bronze medal though. They finished sixth at the European Championships in Istanbul.
At the 2011 European Championships in Helsinki, Fantela and Marenić regained European title in tight competition with British and Israeli crews. 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships were held at the end of the year in Perth. Fantela and Marenić defended bronze medal from 2010 470 World Championships and secured an Olympic quota place for the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36785821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785821" title="Democratic Front for the Liberation of Somalia">
Democratic Front for the Liberation of Somalia

The Democratic Front for the Liberation of Somalia was a Somali insurgent group, fighting against the government of Siad Barre. Ideologically DFLS was oriented towards Marxism and nationalism. DFLS was led by a group of former Central Committee members of the Somali Revolutionary Socialist Party (SRSP), who considered that Siad Barre had deviated from the revolutionary path. The movement was founded around 1978 by Abdirahman Aidid Ahmad, former chairman of the Ideological Bureau of SRSP. DFLS had its headquarters in Aden, South Yemen.
Reportedly, DFLS fighters obtained military training in Syria.
In 1981 DFLS merged with the Somali Salvation Front and the Somali Workers Party, forming the Somali Salvation Democratic Front.

</doc>
<doc id="36785827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785827" title="Igor Marenić">
Igor Marenić

Igor Marenić is a professional sailor representing Croatia. Living in Zadar, Marenić was born on 2 January 1986 in Mali Lošinj, Croatia.
In 1999 Marenić competed in the Optimist World Championships in Martinique. In 2011 in Helsinki, he and fellow Croatian, Sime Fantela claimed gold in the European Championships, 470 class.
Marenić competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Mens 470 class event.

</doc>
<doc id="36785902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785902" title="Terry Manners">
Terry Manners

Terence (Terry) Manners (born 1939) is a marathon runner from New Zealand.
In the 1972 marathon at Munich he came 34th. 
In the 1974 marathon at Christchurch he came 4th. 
In the 1978 marathon at Edmonton he came 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="36785939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785939" title="ATMP (disambiguation)">
ATMP (disambiguation)

ATMP is a chemical compound used as a chelator.
ATMP may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36785945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785945" title="Kostobobriv">
Kostobobriv

Kostobobriv (; ) is a village in the Semenivka Raion (district) of Chernihiv Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine. The village is located on the Kosta River, a left tributary of the Revna.
Kostobobriv was first founded in 1200. It is located near the Ugli Railroad Station, the second railroad station in the entire district.

</doc>
<doc id="36785973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36785973" title="Distribution (number theory)">
Distribution (number theory)

In algebra and number theory, a distribution is a function on a system of finite sets into an abelian group which is analogous to an integral: it is thus the algebraic analogue of a distribution in the sense of generalised function.
The original examples of distributions occur, unnamed, as functions φ on Q/Z satisfying
We shall call these ordinary distributions. They also occur in "p"-adic integration theory in Iwasawa theory.
Let ... → "X""n"+1 → "X""n" → ... be a projective system of finite sets with surjections, indexed by the natural numbers, and let "X" be their projective limit. We give each "X""n" the discrete topology, so that "X" is compact. Let φ = (φ"n") be a family of functions on "X""n" taking values in an abelian group "V" and compatible with the projective system:
for some "weight function" "w". The family φ is then a "distribution" on the projective system "X".
A function "f" on "X" is "locally constant", or a "step function" if it factors through some "X""n". We can define an integral of a step function against φ as
The definition extends to more general projective systems, such as those indexed by the positive integers ordered by divisibility. As an important special case consider the projective system Z/"n"Z indexed by positive integers ordered by divisibility. We identify this with the system (1/"n")Z/Z with limit Q/Z.
For "x" in "R" we let ⟨"x"⟩ denote the fractional part of "x" normalised to 0 ≤ ⟨"x"⟩ < 1, and let {"x"} denote the fractional part normalised to 0 < {"x"} ≤ 1.
Examples.
Hurwitz zeta function.
The multiplication theorem for the Hurwitz zeta function
gives a distribution relation
Hence for given "s", the map formula_6 is a distribution on Q/Z.
Bernoulli distribution.
Recall that the "Bernoulli polynomials" "B""n" are defined by
for "n" ≥ 0, where "b""k" are the Bernoulli numbers, with generating function
They satisfy the "distribution relation"
Thus the map
defined by
is a distribution.
Cyclotomic units.
The cyclotomic units satisfy "distribution relations". Let "a" be an element of Q/Z prime to "p" and let "g""a" denote exp(2πi"a")−1. Then for "a"≠ 0 we have
Universal distribution.
We consider the distributions on "Z" with values in some abelian group "V" and seek the "universal" or most general distribution possible.
Stickelberger distributions.
Let "h" be an ordinary distribution on Q/Z taking values in a field "F". Let "G"("N") denote the multiplicative group of Z/"N"Z, and for any function "f" on "G"("N") we extend "f" to a function on Z/"N"Z by taking "f" to be zero off "G"("N"). Define an element of the group algebra "F"["G"("N")] by
The group algebras form a projective system with limit "X". Then the functions "g""N" form a distribution on Q/Z with values in "X", the Stickelberger distribution associated with "h".
p-adic measures.
Consider the special case when the value group "V" of a distribution φ on "X" takes values in a local field "K", finite over Q"p", or more generally, in a finite-dimensional
"p"-adic Banach space "W" over "K", with valuation |·|. We call φ a measure if |φ| is bounded on compact open subsets of "X". Let "D" be the ring of integers of "K" and "L" a lattice in "W", that is, a free "D"-submodule of "W" with "K"⊗"L" = "W". Up to scaling a measure may be taken to have values in "L".
Hecke operators and measures.
Let "D" be a fixed integer prime to "p" and consider Z"D", the limit of the system Z/"p""n""D". Consider any eigenfunction of the Hecke operator "T""p" with eigenvalue "λ""p" prime to "p". We describe a procedure for deriving a measure of Z"D".
Fix an integer "N" prime to "p" and to "D". Let "F" be the "D"-module of all functions on rational numbers with denominator coprime to "N". For any prime "l" not dividing "N" we define the "Hecke operator" "T""l" by
Let "f" be an eigenfunction for "T""p" with eigenvalue λ"p" in "D". The quadratic equation "X"2 − λ"p""X" + "p" = 0 has roots π1, π2 with π1 a unit and π2 divisible by "p". Define a sequence "a"0 = 2, "a"1 = π1+π2 = "λ""p" and
so that

</doc>
<doc id="36786006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786006" title="Life Study (project)">
Life Study (project)

Life Study is a new cross-disciplinary child growth research study which will track the lives of over 100,000 UK babies and their families from all walks of life through pregnancy, birth and their early years. It will collect a large amount of information on the health, growth and life factors of a new generation of children born in the UK. 
This study will create a large storehouse of social, medical and environmental information and linked routine health data for use by UK academics and policy communities. The information in this storehouse resource will help answer questions regarding early life development of health and disease, and physical, psychological and social well-being.
With funding from the UK Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS), Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC) and Medical Research Council (MRC) academics from the Institute of Child Health's Paediatric Epidemiology Unit at University College London (UCL) are leading the study, with Professor Carol Dezateux the Director of the project. 
Aims and objectives.
The study has the potential to make an impact on the understanding of how a range of environmental factors in early life effect child growth, health and well-being in the UK. To achieve this, the study will look at:
Comparison with past UK cohort studies.
This will be the fifth of these types of child growth research studies (beginning in 1946) which have followed the lives of children from birth to adult life. As was the case with these earlier studies, the new study will provide a wide range of new information into the health, growth and life factors of this new generation of UK children. However, this is different from past child growth research studies in several ways:
Timeline.
The project has three stages:

</doc>
<doc id="36786048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786048" title="George Samuel Jenman">
George Samuel Jenman

George Samuel Jenman (1845-1902) was a British gardener and botanist. He was superintendent of Castleton Botanical Garden, Jamaica from 1873 to 1879, and Government Botanist and superintendent of the Botanical Gardens in British Guiana (now Guyana) from 1879 to 1902. Jenman was also a member of the Linnean Society.
Life.
George Samuel Jenman was born in Plymouth in 1845. He trained in gardening and botany at Kew Gardens. 
In 1873, Jenman moved to Jamaica where he was appointed as superintedent of Castleton Botanical Gardens. During this time he began his work on ferns of the Caribbean, which was his major contribution to the field of botany. 
In 1879 Jenman moved to British Guiana where he was appointed as Government Botanist and Superintendent of the Botanical Gardens. Castellani House, now the home of Guyana's National Art Gallery, was originally designed and built to be his official residence by the Maltese colonial architect Cesar Castellani. Much of his work in British Guiana was focused on the Sugarcane industry. In 1881 he published the "Handlist of Jamaican Ferns" and in 1881 he began a series entitled "The Ferns and Fern Allies of the British West Indies and Guiana" (1898-1909) which was published by the "Bulletin of the Royal Botanic Gardens" in Trinidad. Jenman died before he was able to complete the series, but his work was continued - and the series completed - by his successor, Henry C. Hart.
The Curator's clock, and a dedicatory plaque, were installed at the Curator's Lodge in the Botanical Gardens of Guyana in memory of Jenman.

</doc>
<doc id="36786070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786070" title="DUALLy">
DUALLy

DUALLy is an MDE framework to create interoperability among Architecture Description Languages (ADLs). It is developed at the Computer Science Department of the University of L'Aquila. DUALLy enables the transformation of a model conforming to a specific architecture description language into corresponding models conforming to other architecture description languages.
ISO/IEC/IEEE 42010 standard.
As highlighted in the official ISO/IEC/IEEE 42010 website, "the use of multiple views for design can get very complicated. Their consistency is a potential problem whenever multiple models and views are used. Sometimes, consistency rules or procedures are defined as a part of viewpoints. In other cases, organizations have practices they use to check and enforce consistency".
The solution provided by the ISO/IEC/IEEE 42010 standard consists in using correspondences and correspondence rules to define the various relationships that may exist within an architecture description. Under this perspective, DUALLy can be seen as an approach in which special kinds of correspondence rules can keep in a consistent state architecture models belonging to different views. Those special correspondence rules are defined between ADLs and have the additional feature of being proactive; that is, when an inconsistency is detected between different architectural models, the DUALly interoperability engine actively transforms the models in order to restore consistency.
Interoperability.
Supporting ADLs interoperability and change propagation is intrinsically complex. Furthermore, the lack of automation does not allow the easy addition of new description languages, and does not guarantee change propagation to multiple models in a finite number of steps. In general, changes occurring in an architecture model have a strong impact on all the other related architecture models (each of them possibly conforming to different architecture description languages). In order to keep models in a consistent state, changes need to be propagated from the updated model to all the others. When dealing with multiple architecture description languages, propagating changes may be a complex task; such a task is inevitable and requires to be managed by a dedicated approach.
In DUALLy, the interoperability among various architecture description languages is ensured via model transformation techniques. Instead of creating a point-to-point relationship among all languages, DUALLY defines the transformations among architecture description languages by passing through A0, which is a core set of architectural concepts defined as generally as possible (to potentially
represent and support any kind of architectural representation) and extensible (in order to add domain specificities). In other words, A0 acts as a bridge among the different architectural languages to be related together. The star architecture of DUALLy enables an agile and easy integration of architecture description languages. The DUALLy transformation system is made of a series of model-to-model transformations that enable information migration among architecture models. These model-to-model transformations are constructed automatically by executing higher-order transformations (i.e., transformations taking other transformations as input or producing other transformations as output).
While DUALLy transforms a model into any other by passing first through an A0 model, model changes are propagated accordingly first to the A0 model and successively forwarded to any other architectural model (it has to be noted that the obtained result is independent from the order followed in the forwarding). Under the assumption that concurrent modifications to different models cannot apply, the DUALLY architecture ensures the convergence of the change propagation process, that is, it ensures by construction that a modification of a model within the network is propagated to all the other models in a finite number of steps.

</doc>
<doc id="36786110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786110" title="Papazyan">
Papazyan

Papazyan (in Armenian Փափազյան) (in Western Armenian Papazian, Փափազեան) is a surname of Armenian origin. 
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36786123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786123" title="Roger Tory Peterson Award">
Roger Tory Peterson Award

The ABA Roger Tory Peterson Award for Promoting the Cause of Birding is an award given by the American Birding Association to an individual who, over the course of a lifetime, has advanced the cause of birding. 
One of five awards presented by the ABA for contributions to ornithology, the award is named in honor of Roger Tory Peterson. As author, artist, and educator, Peterson "furthered the study, appreciation and protection of birds the world over," was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, and served as one of the inspirations for the 20th century environmental movement.
The award was first bestowed on Arnold Small.
List of recipients.
Since the award's inception in 2000, there have been eight recipients. 

</doc>
<doc id="36786128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786128" title="Paradise Cinema (Kolkata)">
Paradise Cinema (Kolkata)

Paradise Cinema is a single screen cinema hall located in Bentinck Street (Esplanade), Kolkata, West Bengal, India. This cinema hall was inaugurated in 1943 and was fully renovated in 1956. The current managing director of the theatre is Arun Mehra.
Renovation.
In 2004–2005 when single-screen theatres were struggling with high financial loss, theatre management of Paradise Cinema renovated this hall which saw a section of its audience returning. According to theatre director Arun Mehta, this makeover cost . At this time the number of seats in the hall were reduced from 840 to 730.

</doc>
<doc id="36786141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786141" title="Vartanyan">
Vartanyan

Vartanyan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36786154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786154" title="YY (social network)">
YY (social network)

YY () is a major Chinese video-based social network with over 300 million users. It features a virtual currency which users can earn through activities such as karaoke or creating tutorial videos, then convert to real cash. Launched in 2005 as duowan.com (), it originally targeted gamers, before broadening to include video streaming and chat features for uses such as concerts, sport and fashion. Users exchange "virtual roses" as a kind of currency, with top users said to earn as much as $20,000 per month. In November 2012, YY listed on the NYSE.

</doc>
<doc id="36786173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786173" title="Ruger American Rifle">
Ruger American Rifle

The Ruger American Rifle is a bolt-action magazine-fed rifle made by Sturm, Ruger & Co. as an entry-level hunting and target-shooting rifle.
Design.
The Ruger American has a receiver made from 4140 chrome-moly bar stock and a hammer-forged barrel with a black oxide finish. Rather than using a traditional recoil lug, the rifle is secured in the stock by means of two aluminum action blocks in a system known as "power bedding". The bolt feeds rounds from the detachable, rotary magazine to the chamber via a push-feed mechanism employing dual cocking cams. The trigger is an adjustable type, allowing the user to change the weight of pull by means of a set-screw.
The rifle comes with a tang-mounted safety and a black polymer composite stock.

</doc>
<doc id="36786190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786190" title="Moiad Church">
Moiad Church

The Moiad Church () is a church in Moiad, Romania, consecrated on May 23, 1937 by Valeriu Traian Frențiu.

</doc>
<doc id="36786225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786225" title="Thomas Kershaw">
Thomas Kershaw

Thomas Kershaw (1819-1898) was a leading British pioneer of marbleizing, the creation of imitation marble finishes.
He was born in Standish, Lancashire and from the age of 12 served his time as an apprentice to John Platt, a Bolton painter and decorator. During this time he bought graining tools with money earned from painting pictures and developed his skills in the art of wood graining. On completion of his apprenticeship he moved firstly to Manchester, then York and finally in 1845 to London. There he was employed by William Cubitt and Company, becoming their leading wood grainer.
In the mid-1840s he left Cubitts to be independent and exhibited his imitation marble panels at the Great Exhibition of 1851, which won him a prize. At the Paris Exposition Universelle of 1855 he won a gold medal, but felt obliged to carry out public demonstrations of his craft in the exhibition hall after accusations that he was using some type of fraudulent transfer technique. On his return he bought a house in Baker Street and set up his own specialist decorating company.
He was given several lucrative contracts, including one from the Royal family to marbleise the columns at Buckingham Palace and Osborne House, but turned down a request from the Russian Ambassador to marbleise the interior of the Imperial Palace in St Petersburg. In 1862 he won another gold medal at the London Exhibition and was elected a liveryman in the Painter-Stainers Company for thirty-eight years. In 1860 he was granted the Freedom of the City of London.
He died a rich man in 1898. He had married in 1857 and had a daughter.
Work.
Examples of his work are on show in Bolton Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36786227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786227" title="Pennagar">
Pennagar

Pennagar may refer to two places in Tamil Nadu, India:

</doc>
<doc id="36786249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786249" title="Urney Chocolates">
Urney Chocolates

Urney Chocolates is a confectionery business now based in County Kildare, Ireland. The brand is now operated by L.C. Confectionery Ltd. 
Urney Chocolates was established in 1919 by Eileen and Harry Gallagher at their home, Urney House, in the parish of Urney, County Tyrone. Harry Gallagher (born 1879) was Crown Solicitor for County Donegal. Sweet-making was one of a number of local industries started by Eileen Gallagher based in the back garden of their house in an effort to stem the tide of emigration from the area. 
The original factory burned down in 1924 and they moved production to Belgard Road, Tallaght, Dublin. By the 1960s Urney Chocolates and its subsidiaries were employing almost 1,000 workers. At that time it was considered one of the largest chocolate factories in Europe. 
The New York based company, W & R Grace bought Urney's out in 1963 and sold it on as a going concern to Unilever in 1970. Unilever soon changed the name to HB Chocolates. They ceased production in 1980. The former factory became a DIY store.

</doc>
<doc id="36786262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786262" title="Energy and Technology Museum">
Energy and Technology Museum

Museum of Energy and Technology (Lithuanian: "Energetikos ir technikos muziejus") is the an institution researching and presenting industrial heritage of Lithuania, history of energetic system of Lithuania and history of Vilnius city. It is housed in the former Vilnius Power Plant.
There are seven regular exhibitions in the museum:
Opened in 1903, it was the first power plant in Vilnius. The power plant equipment includes steam turbines, generators, steam boilers, water pumps, pipelines and a control panel.

</doc>
<doc id="36786264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786264" title="Davide Gavazzi">
Davide Gavazzi

Davide Gavazzi (born 7 May 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie A club Sampdoria.
Biography.
Born in Sondrio, Lombardy, Gavazzi started his career at Lombard team Como. He was the member of the reserve in 2003–04 to 2004–05 season. The club bankrupted in 2005 and a new company was admitted to 2005–06 Serie D. Gavazzi joined the new club and played for 2½ seasons. Gavazzi won 2007–08 Serie D and 2007–08 Coppa Italia Serie D. However Gavazzi left the club in mid-season, for Renate. Renate was the losing semi-finalists of 2009 promotion playoffs.
In July 2009 Gavazzi was signed by Serie B club Vicenza Calcio.
On 24 August 2012 he took no.7 shirt previously wore by Pasquale Maiorino, who changed to no.11.
On 7 September 2012, Gavazzi was signed by Serie A club U.C. Sampdoria for €1.2 million in 4-year contract. Vicenza acquired Franco Semioli and Marco Padalino outright for free, as well as the loan of Gavazzi and Zsolt Laczkó. In January 2013 Vicenza released Gavazzi from loan. On 21 January 2014, he was loaned to Serie B side Ternana Calcio.

</doc>
<doc id="36786265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786265" title="Xenia Jankovic">
Xenia Jankovic

Xenia Jankovic (born October 26, 1958) is a Serbian-Russian cellist.
Biography.
Xenia Jankovic was born in 1958 in Niš (Serbia) into a Serbian-Russian family of musicians. Her mother was a pianist and her father a conductor. Immediate fascination and love towards cello made her start studying that instrument with her father already at the age of six. Soon after she became a student of professor Janko Ristic from the Music school Belgrade (Serbia) and reached her debut with the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra when she was only nine. The result of true commitment came two years later when Xenia Jankovic received a state scholarship to the Moscow Conservatory where she studied with cellists Stefan Kalianov and Mstislav Rostropovich. Later, she continued her work with Pierre Fournier in Geneva (Switzerland), Andre Navarra in Detmold (Germany). She also worked closely on increasing her musical and personal inspiration with Sándor Végh and György Sebők. 
Xenia Jankovic now lives in Germany. She married German cellist Christoph Richter and has a son Alexander.
Career.
In 1981 Xenia Jankovic gained proper international acclaim when she became first prize winner at the prestigious Gaspar Cassado competition in Florence (Italy). At the same time she won the Lino Filippini prize for the best interpretation of Brahms. In addition to her recitals all over Europe, Xenia Jankovic has performed as soloist with prestigious orchestras, including Philharmonia Orchestra (London) and the Budapest Philharmonic Orchestra as well as Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra, Copenhagen Philharmonic, Madrid Philharmonic Orchestra and Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra. 
As one of the most interesting cellists of our time, Xenia Jankovic’s recitals have been many times described as deeply moving, unforgettable and sensitive. The Times (London) magazine described Xenia Jankovic’s performance of Variations on a Rococo Theme (Tchaikovsky) as “She shoved to be one with the music”.
Being an active musician, she has worked closely with Gidon Kremer, András Schiff and Tabea Zimmermann. Today, Xenia performs with her husband Christoph as Boccherini Celludio and with Silke Avenhouse and Arvid Engegard she represents Munch Trio. Xenia Jankovic is regularly invited to appear at international festivals across the globe. In recent years, this prolific cellist gave recitals in many major concert halls in Europe, followed by invitations to music festivals of Bordeaux, Dubrovnik, Stresa, Ludwigsburg, Weilburg and others. She has repeated guest at Gidon Kremer's chamber music festival in Lockenhaus, Sándor Végh and György Sebők festival in Cornwall and many others. In 2012 Xenia Jankovic became artistic director of Chamber Musik Weeks 2012 at Musikdorf Ernen festival in Switzerland.
Xenia Jankovic occupies an important place in the study of contemporary cello music. On her LP’s and CD’s she collaborated with artists like Aleksandar Madžar, Nada Kecman, Irena Grafenauer and many others while she was playing cello works by Bach, Brahms, Debussy, Tchaikovsky, Prokofiev, Ljubica Marić or Ivan Jevtić as well as cello concertos by Julius Klengel.
Teaching.
Xenia worked closely with young musicians over the past 20 years. She was a cello professor at the Zagreb Music Academy from 1985 to 1987, Belgrade Music Academy from 1987 to 1989 and Hochschule für Musik Würzburg from 1990 to 2004. She currently teaches at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold Germany. Some of her disciples were Susanne Beer, Bridget Mac Rae, Sebastian Jolles, Vanda Djanic, Ulf Shade, Dirk Wietheger and Gernot Nutzenberger.

</doc>
<doc id="36786270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786270" title="Ivan Tomašević">
Ivan Tomašević

Ivan Tomašević may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36786281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786281" title="Sarla International Academy">
Sarla International Academy

Sarla International Academy is located in Basti District and is affiliated to CBSE(Central Board of Secondary Education). The school has three floors and in floor school hostel is located. In second floor of Sarla International Academy the classes of Senior students are running and its ground floor the classes of Junior Students are running. Its official website is under construction. It is a very famous school and is spread in all over the world. The school is owned by Manish Jaiswal. He is a something in the politics line. The schools is from Nursery class to class 11th. 
References.
Sarla international school is currently located in Basti (U.P.) The school was launched on April 1 in 2007 with a capacity of 150 air conditioned classrooms. The school has three floors. The top floor is occupied by hostel anD an auditorium which is under construction. The ground floor consist of a reception area and classess for junior students.The school has two grounds and has the largest building in the city.
Its an english medium school affiliated by C.B.S.E. The school currently holds the record of giving largest no. of toppers in board examination with a total of 15 student which is largest in the city.
Details of the School.
Name of Institution - SARLA INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY
Affiliation Number - 2131066
District - BASTI
Postal Address - BANSI ROAD, PANDEY BAZAR BASTI
Pin Code - 272002
Phone No. with ISD Code - +919451439418
Email - principal@sarlainternationalacademy.in
Website - http://www.sarlainternationalacademy.in
Year of Foundation - 2004
Date of First Opening of School - 4/1/2004
Name of Principal/ Head of Institution - Richard William
Status of The School - Senior Secondary
Name of Trust/ Society/ Managing Committee - SARLA EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY

</doc>
<doc id="36786318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786318" title="Oide Shampoo">
Oide Shampoo

The center in this single is Rina Ikoma.

</doc>
<doc id="36786341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786341" title="Philip Sprint">
Philip Sprint

Philip Sprint is a German footballer who currently plays for Hertha BSC.
Sprint made his professional debut for Hertha BSC on 12 August 2012, in a 2. Bundesliga match against FSV Frankfurt, coming on in the 50th minute for Marvin Knoll, after starting goalkeeper Sascha Burchert had been sent off.

</doc>
<doc id="36786349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786349" title="Tang Miao (footballer born November 1990)">
Tang Miao (footballer born November 1990)

Tang Miao (Chinese: 唐淼; pinyin: "Táng Miǎo"; born 8 November 1990 in Anhui) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Shenzhen Fengpeng in the China League Two.
Club career.
Tang Miao was signed into the first team from the academy by Jiangsu Sainty. He made his debut off the bench against Beijing Guoan in May 2011, playing 46 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="36786363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786363" title="Anne Reid (skier)">
Anne Reid (skier)

Anne Reid later Anne Reid Picher (born 1945) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
In the 1968 Winter Olympics at Grenoble, she came 37th in the Downhill, 30th in the Slalom and 42nd in the Giant Slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="36786365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786365" title="En (Illyrian god)">
En (Illyrian god)

En is an old Illyrian mythological deity.
History.
With the coming of Christianity En was demoted to demonic status. The name En continues to be used in the Albanian language to refer to Thursday ().

</doc>
<doc id="36786423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786423" title="Buddleja 'Burncross'">
Buddleja 'Burncross'

"Buddleja" 'Burncross' is a British hybrid cultivar raised by John and Robert Senior at Moor House in North Yorkshire from a crossing of two unnamed hybrid buddlejas in 2000. Sterile and thus non-invasive, 'Burncross' was patented and introduced to commerce in 2012. [http://bloomsofbressinghamplants.com/products/details/38/7/what%5C's-new/buddleja-'burncross'.html]
Description.
'Burncross' is a small, compact, shrub growing to a height and spread of about 1.0 m by 1.5 m, comprising an average of seven lateral, glabrous, branches. The shrub is distinguished by its variegated green and yellow elliptical leaves 6 cm long by 1.8 cm wide. The inflorescences are short, conical, violet-mauve panicles, 5 cm long by 2 cm wide, each comprising approximately 100 fragrant flowers. 'Burncross' flowers continuously from late summer to autumn. 
[http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&d=PALL&p=1&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&r=1&f=G&l=50&s1=PP22680.PN.&OS=PN/PP22680&RS=PN/PP22680] 
Cultivation.
'Burncross' is in cultivation in the USA and UK. A specimen is grown as part of the NCCPG national collection held by Longstock Park Nursery near Stockbridge, Hampshire, UK. 'Burncross' requires full sun, but is hardy to - 15° C (USDA Zone 6).
Etymology.
'Burncross' is named for the village near Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="36786450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786450" title="Gaius Cocceius Balbus">
Gaius Cocceius Balbus

Gaius Cocceius Balbus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman politician and military commander who served as suffect consul in 39 BC.
Biography.
A member of the Plebeian gens Cocceia, Cocceius Balbus was a supporter of Marcus Antonius. He was probably elected as Praetor in 42 BC. In 39 BC, he was appointed suffect consul to replace Lucius Marcius Censorinus.
In around 35 BC, Cocceius Balbus served as either proconsular governor of Macedonia, or as a Legatus in Greece. During his time in Greece, he was acclaimed as "Imperator" by his troops. He eventually abandoned Marcus Antonius and threw his support behind Octavianus after Antonius divorced Octavia the Younger.

</doc>
<doc id="36786452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786452" title="Tang Miao (footballer born October 1990)">
Tang Miao (footballer born October 1990)

Tang Miao (Chinese: 唐淼; pinyin: "Táng Miǎo"; born 16 October 1990 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League. 
Club career.
Born in Dalian, Tang moved to Beijing and joined Beijing Guoan youth team at the age of twelve in 2002. He was loaned to Beijing's satellite team Beijing Guoan Talent, which would play as a foreign team in Singapore's S. League. On 7 September 2010, the club was involved in a brawl during a match with Young Lions at Jalan Besar Stadium. Tang was fined S$2,000 by the Football Association of Singapore for participating the brawl. He was released by Beijing Guoan in the end of the season.
After an unsuccessful trial at Shenzhen Ruby, Tang was signed by Shenzhen Phoenix, which later changed its club name to Guangzhou R&F, in March 2011. His debut for the club came on 27 March 2011 in a 1-1 home draw against Shenyang Dongjin. He made 17 appearances in the 2011 league season as Guangzhou R&F finished second place in the second division and won promotion back to the top flight at the first attempt. On 23 June 2012, he scored his first senior goal in a 3–2 home defeat against Qingdao Jonoon.
International career.
On 23 May 2012, Tang received his first call up for China for the international friendly against Spain and Vietnam. On 8 June, he made his debut for China in a 3–0 victory against Vietnam, coming on as a substitute for Yu Hai in the 87th minute.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 4 November 2013"
Personal life.
Tang Miao's twin elder brother Tang Xin is also a professional footballer, currently playing in the Guangzhou R&F's reserve team.

</doc>
<doc id="36786454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786454" title="International maritime confederation">
International maritime confederation

The International Maritime Confederation (IMC) is the umbrella organization of maritime organizations and marine societies on the European level.
Purpose:
Purpose of the Federation is the joint furthering of maritime understanding and the promotion of maritime ideas on the basis of international cooperation.
History.
In 1967 the Deutsche Marinebund (DMB) in cooperation with its French partner association Fédération des Associations de Marins et de Marins Anciens Combattants (F.A.M.M.A.C.) founded a joint organization.
This became the starting point for the IMC, whose statutes were put into force in 1972 within the framework of the DMB delegate meeting. Founding members were maritime associations and societies from Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Austria and Germany. In subsequent years Great Britain (Royal Naval Association), Italy (Associazone Nationale Marinai d'Italia), and Croatia (Hrvatska Pomorska Straza) joined the Federation. For every nation only one organization can join the association.
The presidency of the Federation changes every 3 years. Initially, the presidency was occupied by France. In October 2012, the presidency was assigned to the Deutschen Marinebund (DMB). Currently, the office is held by the President of the DMB, Karl Heid located in Laboe in the vicinity of Kiel.
Activities.
The International Maritime Confedration hold annual conferences. The 38th meeting will take place in the Netherlands in October 2012. Larger numbers of participants are attracted by the international IMC conventions, which so far have taken place every three years.
The IMC’s annual youth sailing camp enjoys great popuplarity. The sailing camp 2012 was held from July 9–19 in Ostende, Belgium. The camp in 2013 will be organized by the DMB in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36786459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786459" title="Urney">
Urney

Urney () is a townland and civil parish in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. Both townland and parish are situated in the historic barony of Strabane Lower. The townland is in the civil parish of Urney and covers an area of 188 acres. It lies within the Strabane District Council area.
Urney is notable as being the first manufacturing location of Urney Chocolates, established in 1919.
Urney Parish.
The civil parish of Urney contains the following townlands:
B.
Backtown, Ballycolman, Ballyfatten, Ballylennan Scott, Bellspark, Berrysfort, Bridgetown
C.
Carricklee, Carrickone, Castlegore, Castlesessagh, Castletown, Cavan, Churchtown, Clady, Craigmonaghan (Nelson), Creevy Lower, Creevy Upper
D.
Dartans, Donnygowen, Drumeagle
F.
Flushtown, Fort-town, Freughlough
G.
Gallany, Ganvaghan Kyle, Glebe, Glebe (Old), Glentimon, Glentown, Gortlogher
H.
Hunterstown
I.
Ichenay, Ichenny Upper, Inisclan
K.
Kennystown, Kilclean, Kilcroagh, Kinkit
L.
Learmore, Liggartown, Lisdoo
M.
Magheragar, Magirr, Mount Bernard, Munie
P.
Peacockbank, Prospect, Pullyernan
R.
Rabstown
S.
Scotstown, Seein, Skerryglass, Somervillestown, Stephenstown
T.
Tullydoortans, Tullymoan, Tullywhisker
U.
Urney, Urney Glebe
Urney Townland.
The townland is situated in the Barony of Strabane Lower and the civil parish of Urney and covers an area of 188 acres.
The population of the townland declined slightly during the 19th century:

</doc>
<doc id="36786463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786463" title="Prager Presse">
Prager Presse

The Prager Presse (Prague press) was a German newspaper published by the state-funded leftist bourgeois in the Czechoslovak Republic from March 1921 to 1939.
History.
The newspaper Prager Presse was founded by Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk with the aim of integrating the German-speaking minority, which at that time had a share of 22.5% of the population. Arne Laurin was editor from 1921 to 1938. His colleague in the feuilleton was (1887, Prague 1940, London) from 1921 to 1939.
The newspaper was published by Orbis, a publisher of the government.

</doc>
<doc id="36786499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786499" title="Micronesian constitutional referendum, 2002">
Micronesian constitutional referendum, 2002

A constitutional referendum was held in the Federated States of Micronesia on 27 August 2002. Voters were asked whether they approved of 14 separate amendments to the country's constitution. To be approved, the proposal required at least 75% of voters in at least three of the four states to vote in favour. Ultimately all 14 proposals were rejected, as none passed the 75% threshold in any state.
Background.
The Micronesian constitution requires a referendum to be held every 10 years on convening a constitutional convention. Such a referendum had been held in 1999, with a majority in favour of a convention. A Constitutional Convention was subsequently elected in 2001. It sat from 12 November until 26 December 2001 and proposed 14 constitutional amendments.
On 8 March 2002 President Leo Falcam proposed holding a referendum on two proposals (electoral system and direct election of the president and vice president) on 27 August and the remaining eleven proposals to be held alongside the 2003 parliamentary elections. However, he changed the plans on 19 April so that all 14 proposals would be put to voters on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="36786531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786531" title="Hashire! Bicycle">
Hashire! Bicycle

The center in this single is Rina Ikoma.

</doc>
<doc id="36786571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786571" title="Tang Miao">
Tang Miao

Tang Miao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36786573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786573" title="Globe Cinema (Kolkata)">
Globe Cinema (Kolkata)

Globe Cinema is a single screen cinema hall and heritage building located in Lindsay Street (opposite New Market entrance), Kolkata, West Bengal, India. The theatre was previously known as Old Opera House The theatre is owned by Sidhwa family and Jal Tata.
History.
The original wooden Opera House was established in 1827. In 1906, the house was sold to EM Cohen. Cohen renamed it Grand Opera House. Later it was converted into a theatre hall and was named Globe Cinema. This was one of the first few theatres in Kolkata which regularly screened English Movies.
During World War II, this hall provided entertainment Allied troops stationed in Calcutta.
In 2000, Arijit Dutta, film distributor of Priya Entertainment took the hall on lease. Priya Entertainment handed it back to owners in April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36786614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786614" title="Robert Palmer (skier)">
Robert Palmer (skier)

Robert Palmer (born 1947) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
In the 1968 Winter Olympics at Grenoble, he came 42nd in the Downhill, but did not finish in the Giant Slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="36786624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786624" title="Christ Church, Thornton">
Christ Church, Thornton

Christ Church, Thornton, is located in Meadows Avenue, Thornton, Lancashire, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Poulton, the archdeaconry of Lancaster, and the diocese of Blackburn.
History.
Christ Church has been the parish church of Thornton since 1836. The church was built originally in 1835–37 to a design by Joseph Parkinson. The chancel was added in 1913–14 by the Lancaster architects Austin, Paley and Austin. In 1963 Leach, Rhodes and Walker rebuilt the nave, added the tower and built parish rooms.
Architecture.
The authors of the "Buildings of England" series comment that the church and parish rooms have "a mismash of an exterior". The church is constructed in yellow sandstone with red sandstone dressings. The architectural style is Free Perpendicular. Standing to the southwest of the church are single-storey parish rooms, from which rises a tower with an open bell stage and a saddleback roof. Inside the church is stained glass installed in 1974 and designed by Brian Clark.

</doc>
<doc id="36786625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786625" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metres hurdles

The Women's 100 metres hurdles competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada was held at the Olympic Stadium on July 28–29.
Competition format.
The Women's 100m hurdles competition consisted of heats (Round 1), Semifinals and a Final. The four fastest competitors from each race in the heats qualified for the semifinals. The top four athletes from each semifinals race advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 4 of each heat (Q) qualified.
Semifinals.
Qual. rule: first 4 of each heat (Q) qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36786631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786631" title="List of supermarket chains in San Marino">
List of supermarket chains in San Marino

This is a list of supermarket chains in San Marino.

</doc>
<doc id="36786633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786633" title="Laura Andon">
Laura Andon

Laura Andon is an Australian model, surfer, TV presenter and actress. Andon also carries out ambassadorial roles. She has modelling experience with Pantene, Bonds, Frat House, Honey and Pevonia. She is Clearasil's spokesperson for their ‘secrets of looking awesome’ campaign. She also has several ambassadorial roles including Clearasil, Cervical Cancer i-did CAMPAIGN, Bonds Fashion Stylista and VARIETY, "the children's charity."
Environmental and charitable causes.
Andon is an ambassador for WWF Earth Hour 2012. She joined former 2011 ambassadors such as television host Jamie Durie, actress Cate Blanchett and model Miranda Curr.

</doc>
<doc id="36786738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786738" title="Check, Virginia">
Check, Virginia

Check is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia, United States. Check is located on U.S. Route 221 northeast of Floyd. Check has a post office with ZIP code 24072, which opened on July 23, 1883. Check also has one elementary school, Check Elementary School, which is located in the old Check High School building.

</doc>
<doc id="36786771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786771" title="Murray Gardner">
Murray Gardner

Murray Gardner (born 1946) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
In the 1968 Winter Olympics at Grenoble, he came 76th in the Giant Slalom, but did not qualify in the Downhill.

</doc>
<doc id="36786772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786772" title="Lucy Gallardo">
Lucy Gallardo

Lucy Gallardo (December 13, 1929 – August 11, 2012) was an Argentine-born Mexican film, theater, and television actress and screenwriter. She was best known for her numerous roles in Mexican cinema, as well as Mexico's telenovelas. Gallardo was the widow of the late Mexican actor, Enrique Rambal.
She was born in December 13, 1929, in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Gallardo made her film debut in the 1949 Argentine movie, "Angeles de uniforme". She later moved from Argentina to Mexico to pursue her acting career.
Gallardo appeared in dozens of films throughout her career. She was cast in the 1962 film, "The Exterminating Angel", which was directed and written by Luis Buñuel. She appeared in that film opposite her husband, Enrique Rambal, who died in 1971. 
Her numerous telenovela roles included "El Amor Tiene Cara de Mujer" ("Love Has a Female Face"), portryaing the character of Lucy Scala in the Mexican remake of an Argentine television series during the 1970s. In addition to acting, Gallardo also worked as a screenwriter for telenovelas as well. Her recent telenovela writing credits included "Cosecharás tu Siembra" ("You Reap What You Sow") and 
"La Extraña Dama" ("Strange Lady").
Gallardo's Mexican theater credits included roles in "Aurelia y Sus Hombres", "Los Grandes Sebastiani", and "La Mujer Asesinadita".
Gallardo resided in Los Angeles, California, for the last twenty-five years of her life with her daughter, actress and television host Rebeca Rambal. In 1997, Gallardo starred in the radio drama, "La Historia de Quien Soy" ("The Story of Who I Am"), created the by the Family Theater Productions' Voz Latina division. Gallardo portrayed the family matriarch in the production, which is believed to be the first Spanish-language radio show produced in Los Angeles specifically for Hispanics living in the city.
Gallardo co-starred in the 2005 American film, "How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer", with America Ferrera and Elizabeth Peña.
Lucy Gallardo died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on August 11, 2012, at her home in Los Angeles at the age of 82. She was survived by her daughter, Rebeca Rambal.

</doc>
<doc id="36786782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786782" title="Cattski">
Cattski

Cattski (born Cattleya Vanessa Espina) is a singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and an entrepreneur in Cebu, Philippines. She has released four albums, the self-titled debut "“Cattski”" (2001), "“Vacuum My Inside”" (2004),"“Sound Mind Speaks Volumes"" (2009) and ""Zero"" (2012).
Cattski came from a group of her namesake yet disbanded in the year 2010 after ten years of shared music and performances. In order to pay tribute to the band, she then released an anniversary compilation album, ""Cattski Ten"" (2010) which took off her transition as a solo artist. 
Some of Cattski’s production work includes the first album "“I’m Not Sure What To Say But I’ll Say It Anyway”" of Cebuano pop band, Wonggoys; a single dubbed "“Life to Live”" for I Can Serve Foundation performed by the Wonggoys; the debut album of new 22 Tango artist, Ella Melendez; and the collaboration album "“Kismet the Singles”" with Ian Zafra where she served as co-producer.
Cattski is also the sole proprietor of an established independent record label called 22 Tango Records which already is home to 11 artists and has 15 released albums.
Cattski served as the co-founder of three dynamic groups in Cebu; Artist Ko (Artist KO-operatiba!) a duly registered organization and the first-ever cooperative for artists in Cebu; PAK: Performing Arts Kolektib, where members show their talents in performance art and improvisational theater; and The Really Bad Poets which started as an offshoot project of PAK where a loose group of poets cater to Cebu’s pulsating literary community.
Cattski led a new way of reaching her music to people all over the world through unveiling the power of online media. As she was building up to the release of her latest album "“Zero”" (2012), Cattski decided to produce Countdown to 0:00:00 [1], a nine episode mini-documentary series which is launched on YouTube and Facebook in a way to make netizens fully involved to the entire process of her creative journey. Doing what she believes paved Cattski’s way to jump from niche to slowly becoming a worldly known artist.
Albums.
"“Cattski”" (2001)
"“Vacuum My Inside”" (2004)
"“Sound Mind Speaks Volumes"" (2009)
""Zero"" (2012)
References.
http://zerothreetwo.com/the-city/cattski-espina-interview/
http://www.indiemusicphilippines.com/category/artistband/cattski-artistband/
http://www.sunstar.com.ph/cebu/opinion/2012/07/07/libre-cattski-s-album-230679
http://www1.philstar.com/freeman/entertainment-cebu/559347/a-decade-with-cattski
http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=452085&publicationSubCategoryId=51
http://www.rappler.com/entertainment/7727-it-ain%E2%80%99t-over-%E2%80%98til-the-cat-lady-sings

</doc>
<doc id="36786807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786807" title="Anglo-French Art Centre">
Anglo-French Art Centre

The Anglo-French Art Centre (or Anglo-French Art School, previously the St John's Wood Art School) was an art school in St John's Wood, north London, England.
The original St John's Wood Art School dated from 1878.
The Centre was founded by Alfred Rozelaar Green, who studied in Paris at the Académie Julian and Atelier Gromaire before the Second World War. He moved to London at the start of the War. Afterwards in 1946, Green established the Centre at 29 Elm Tree Road in St John's Wood. Green aimed to revolutionise British art education. He invited artists from France and other countries to exhibit and teach. Artists included Robert Couturier, Fernand Léger, André Lhote, Jean Lurçat, and Germaine Richier. He was also supported by English artists who visited to give lectures, including Francis Bacon, Henry Moore, Victor Pasmore, and Julian Trevelyan. Other lecturers included art critics and museum directors. The Centre closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36786824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786824" title="AWU affair">
AWU affair

The AWU affair refers to allegations of embezzlement via a fund established for the AWU Workplace Reform Association in the early 1990s by Bruce Wilson and Ralph Blewitt, officials of the Australian Workers' Union (AWU). Wilson and Blewitt raised $400,000 from major construction companies, and have been accused of using the funds for personal benefit, including diverting funds for the purchase of a house in Fitzroy.
Julia Gillard, who subsequently became Prime Minister of Australia, was a salaried partner at law firm Slater & Gordon who provided pro-bono legal services to Wilson, with whom she was romantically involved, for the establishment of the Association and for the purchase of the Fitzroy property. Gillard's conduct was the subject of an internal investigation by Slater and Gordon. After stating that she had no intention of leaving Slater & Gordon, Gillard left the firm prior to the conclusion of the investigation, and pursued a career in politics.
The alleged misappropriation of funds and related activities have been the subject of police and media investigation. The AWU has not brought charges against Wilson or Blewitt. Ian Cambridge, the former AWU national secretary and current Fair Work Australia commissioner, who detected the alleged misuse of funds in the 1990s, called for a judicial inquiry into the affair.
Although Blewitt has admitted his role in the matter, Wilson, and Gillard have denied any wrongdoing.
Background.
In 1992, the legal entity "AWU Workplace Reform Association" was established for Australian Workers' Union state secretary Bruce Wilson and Ralph Blewitt, without the knowledge of the national leaders of the AWU. As part of the formal establishment process, the association was described as being formed for the purpose of "development of changes to work to achieve safe workplaces", and included in its objectives the aim to "support and assist union officials and union members."
In 1993, Wilson arranged the purchase of a house for Ralph Blewitt. It is alleged that the house was part paid for by funds "drawn from accounts directly related to the AWU Workplace Reform Association", with the balance lent by Slater & Gordon.
A police investigation in 1995 and 1996 looked into the possible misappropriation of funds through the association, and in 1996 Ian Cambridge, former national secretary of the AWU and currently a commissioner of Fair Work Australia, lodged an affidavit claiming that Wilson and Blewitt had extorted money from construction companies. A memo written in 1997 by WA police fraud squad Detective Sergeant David McAlpine stated that police suspected that the association was used by Wilson and Blewitt to allegedly fraudulently obtain over $400,000 from major construction companies. At the time, a police investigation did not lead to any charges being laid, and the police decided not to take any further action. However, after new evidence emerged during 2012, Victorian police reopened the investigation.
Slater & Gordon lost the AWU account over the affair.
Julia Gillard.
Initial involvement and investigations.
Julia Gillard worked in the industrial department of Slater & Gordon from 1988 through to 1995. In 1991, while she was a lawyer with the firm Slater & Gordon, Gillard was also in a romantic relationship with Bruce Wilson. Gillard provided legal assistance to help establish the AWU Workplace Reform Association. She was also involved in providing legal services in relation to the purchase of the Fitzroy property by Wilson and Blewitt. Slater & Gordon investigated Gillard's conduct and prior to the conclusion of the investigation, Gillard took leave from the firm and later resigned to pursue her political career.
Gillard has subsequently described the intent of the association as being to assist in the re-election of union officials and as a "slush fund", which commentators have argued as being at odds with the association's stated purpose. Gillard responded by stating that she only provided legal assistance, and that she neither drafted the passage in the legal documentation describing the association's purpose, nor signed the papers. However, she later admitted that she drafted the rules for the association, basing them on the "Socialist Forum" student organisation rules she had earlier established at Melbourne University, and it is alleged that she wrote to the Western Australia Corporate Affairs Commission to deny that the association was a trade union organisation. Contrary to standard practice, Gillard did not open a file at the law firm covering the work.
According to a 20 August 2012 press release by Slater and Gordon, upon learning of the AWU/Bruce Wilson allegations in August 1995, it conducted an internal legal review, which found "nothing which contradicted the information provided by Ms Gillard" and in which Gillard denied any wrongdoing.
In 2012, Nick Styant-Browne, a former partner of Slater & Gordon involved in the investigation said that "there was deep disquiet amongst the partnership about Ms Gillard's conduct and it was never necessary for the partnership to resolve that issue because Ms Gillard herself elected to resign". According to a redacted transcript of the interview, Gillard was unable to categorically rule out being a beneficiary of the fund, because there was a dispute over one part of the renovation. Styant-Browne stated that the interview was recorded and transcribed, and alleged that Gillard resigned as a result of the investigation. In the assessment of Styant-Browne "trust and confidence had evaporated" between the partners and Gillard. Peter Gordon, an equity partner who investigated Gillard in 1995, said that he found no evidence Gillard was involved in any wrongdoing, and confirmed in 2012 that was still his opinion. Andrew Grech, the Managing Director of Slater & Gordon, also stated that the 1995 investigation found no improper behaviour by Gillard, and said that Gillard did not resign as a result of the investigation, but instead took a leave of absence in order to campaign for a Senate position, and resigned in 1996 to work for the Victorian opposition leader.
Contemporaneously, Phil Gude, a minister in the Victorian Liberal Government, spoke of Gillard's connection to the affair in the Victorian Parliament on 12 October 1995. Gude alleged that Gillard's Senate candidature "may not be the only reason she is no longer working for Slater & Gordon" and that she may have indirectly received a financial benefit through the association, and may therefore have been a recipient of fraudulently obtained funds. In particular, it was alleged that part of her home renovations were paid for out of the fund without Gillard's knowledge, although Gillard has repeatedly denied that this occurred, and no evidence that disproves her account has been produced. The issue was again raised in the Victorian state parliament by a Liberal Party MP in 2001.
In 2012, it was revealed that Ian Cambridge, in investigating the claims, had recorded in his diary on 25 September 1995, that Victorian AWU official Helmut Gries had alleged that union funds had been used to fund renovations on Gillard's home. However, when asked about the matter in 2012, Gries stated that although he considered Cambridge very honest, he did not believe he made the allegation to Cambridge in 1996, and that he would not have been aware of any issues in regard to the renovations.
Term of Gillard Government.
In 2011, reporter Glenn Milne covered the allegations, on the website of "The Australian", including a claim regarding Gillard's living arrangements with Wilson. Gillard contacted the chief executive of Milne's paper and threatened legal action over the story. The story was removed and an apology and retraction was posted in its place. Milne based part of the article on a statutory declaration by a former AWU vice president, Bob Kernohan, that had been aired by 2UE presenter, Michael Smith. ABC's television program "Media Watch" found that the allegation had been considered untrue by News Limited lawyers and removed from an article Milne wrote in 2007. Michael Smith left his position at 2UE over editorial differences that emerged as a result of an interview which he had recorded with Kernohan about the allegations but never aired, and Milne was dropped from his roles at "The Australian" and the ABC's "Insiders" program.
The issue was raised in Federal Parliament in June 2012 by Labor MP Robert McClelland. Formerly Attorney General of Australia, McClelland had been demoted by Gillard some six months earlier. In a speech condemning profiteering by union officials, McClelland said that "I know the Prime Minister is quite familiar with this area of the law; as lawyers in the mid-1990s, we were involved in a matter representing opposing clients" and that this had coloured his thinking on legal reforms. McClelland had worked for Ian Cambridge, the former AWU national secretary who had investigated the allegations.
On 23 August 2012, Gillard conducted a surprise and lengthy press conference at which she addressed the allegations in depth for the first time. She restated her innocence of any wrongdoing, and claimed that she was the victim of a sexist online smear campaign. Gillard confirmed her 1995 statement that her understanding of the purpose of the association was that it was a re-election fund for union officials. She also expressed regret that she had neglected to open a file on the case at Slater & Gordon.
In November 2012, "The Australian" reported that Ian Cambridge recorded in his diary in 1996 that Wayne Hem claimed that Wilson had given him approximately $5,000 in cash after Wilson had spent a night at a casino, and instructed him to deposit the amount into Julia Gillard's bank account. Hem could not confirm that the account was Julia Gillard's, nor was it known where the funds originated from or why they may have been deposited, and Gillard has stated that she has no memory of the deposit being made.
Ralph Blewitt returned to Australia in November 2012 to make a statement to Victoria Police about his role in the alleged fraud. He conducted a series of media interviews and described Wilson as the slush fund mastermind. Blewitt provided statements and a number of files to police in regard to the events in return for immunity from prosecution. Although the statements have not been released, Blewitt alleged that Gillard did not properly witness the signing of a legal power of attorney – an allegation denied by Gillard, who also questioned Blewitt's credibility. Shortly before Gillard's statement, Bruce Wilson spoke to the press and denied that Julia Gillard had any knowledge about the alleged fraud.
The Federal Opposition devoted its questions for the final sitting week of Parliament of 2012 to the affair. Gillard pre-empted the questioning with a second press conference. During the conference she responded to some of the allegations, and attacked the credibility of the recently returned Blewitt, referring to him as a "self-confessed fraudster", a "stooge" and a "sexist pig". Asked in the Parliament by Deputy Opposition Leader Julie Bishop whether she wrote to the WA Commissioner for Corporate Affairs to vouch for the bona fides of the AWU Workplace Reform Association, Gillard refused to answer – once saying only that "The claim has been made but no correspondence has ever been produced" and once saying that she would only answer if the Opposition Leader himself were prepared to ask it. Shadow attorney-general George Brandis alleged in the Senate that Gillard knew the association's funds would not be used for their stated purpose of "workplace reform", which he argued would be a breach of the Associations Incorporation Act (1987). The Consumer Protection Commissioner noted that the objectives of the association were "broad in nature and appear to cover a range of activities".
Following these exchanges, Nick Styant-Browne, released previously redacted sections of the transcript of Gillard’s Slater & Gordon interview, which confirmed Gillard had said she had written to the commission and "suggested that it wasn’t a trade union and arguthe case for its incorporation".The Opposition called on Gillard to resign, a call rejected by Gillard who emphasized that the text of the transcript said she had said the association "wasn't a trade union" (which she said was factually accurate). The original letter had not been located. The Opposition concluded the week with a call for a judicial inquiry.
In January 2013, the "Australian Financial Review" reported that, in October 2012, journalist Michael Smith sent police a formal complaint alleging that Gillard had created a "false document", a power of attorney, that had enabled the house in Fitzroy to be purchased in 1993 with money from the union "slush" fund.

</doc>
<doc id="36786844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786844" title="Michael Dennis (skier)">
Michael Dennis (skier)

Michael Dennis (born 1944) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
In the 1968 Winter Olympics at Grenoble, he came 74th in the Giant Slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="36786852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786852" title="Sea Palling Lifeboat Station">
Sea Palling Lifeboat Station

Sea Palling Lifeboat Station is a voluntary-manned and charitable-funded lifeboat station located in the village of Sea Palling in North Norfolk, England. First established by private funds in 1840, it was taken over by the RNLI from 1858 and operated until 1931, closed down in a rationalisation of regional lifeboat stations. Revived by local people through monies raised from private, business and charitable donations in 1974, today the charitable Palling Voluntary Rescue Service runs a single Ocean Pro RIB, covering the area between Eccles-on-Sea and Winterton-on-Sea.
First station: 1840-1930.
The first station at Sea Palling was established in 1840 from local private funds as part of the Norfolk Shipwreck Association, drawn from the Marine salvage insurance monies gained from rescuing sailors from local ship wrecks. This provided funds for two locally made wooden oar and sail lifeboats, both of which came under the control of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution from 1858. At this time, although the lifeboat crews were volunteer local fishermen, so often were they called out that they continued to be paid from the salvage insurance funds, which resultantly supplemented the local fishing industry. As a result of increased activity, a second station with its own lifeboat was established in 1870.
Closure.
In the late 1920s, in part due to the world economic crash and a resultant decrease in donations from the rich, the RNLI began a programme of rationalisation of lifeboat stations. Having already closed the original Sea Palling station and reduced the service to two boats, during 1929 the service was reduced to one boat. The RNLI closed the station on 16 January 1931, with service still covered today from Happisburgh Lifeboat Station.
During its 91 years of service, the Sea Palling lifeboat station had one of the best rescue records of all the lifeboat stations in the UK. In 400 launches 795 lives had been saved, a record bettered by only three other UK stations. Crews had gained four silver gallantry medals, for which a replica of the one awarded to Tom Bishop is still on show at St Margaret’s Church.
Second station: 1972–present.
In 1972, due to the developing number of beachside tourists, local residents and businesses sought to raise funds to buy and support their own local inshore rescue boat. In 1974 under the charity established as the Palling Volunteer Rescue Service (PVRS) (Registered Charity No. 267211), the first lifeboat the "Hearts of Oak" came into service, covering the area between Eccles-on-Sea and Winterton-on-Sea.
In 1981, the boat was replaced by the first rigid-hulled inflatable boat (RIB), named "Leo" after the majority of funds were raised by the Norwich Leo clubs. In April 2008, a new RIB named "Lions Roar" came into service. Named after the majority fund raiser and benefactor, The Hoveton and Wroxham Lions club, she was blessed by the Bishop of Norwich on 4 May 2008. However on 1 September 2011, whilst on a night time training exercise, the boat hit unidentified underwater rocks, and determined as being so severely damaged it was resultantly written off by the insurance company.
In December 2011, a new Ocean Pro RIB was ordered from Humber Ribs and fitted out by Goodchild Marine. Equipped with a 90 hp Mariner outboard engine for a top speed of , the £22,000 "SP4" came into service in May 2012. She was later named "Lion Heart" by the Bishop of Thetford.
Between mid-May and mid-September each year, the RNLI maintains a lifeguard station on the beach at Sea Palling, located just below the PVRS lifeboat station.
Among the volunteers since 2007 is Steve Ignorant.

</doc>
<doc id="36786884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786884" title="2004 BYU Cougars football team">
2004 BYU Cougars football team

The 2004 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University during the 2004 college football season.

</doc>
<doc id="36786908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786908" title="Loved by Few, Hated by Many">
Loved by Few, Hated by Many

Loved by Few, Hated by Many may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36786916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786916" title="List of Indian Premier League captains">
List of Indian Premier League captains

In cricket, a captain is a player who leads the team and has additional roles and responsibilities. The Indian Premier League (IPL) is a professional league for Twenty20 cricket in India, which has been held annually since its first edition in 2008. In the six seasons played, 34 players have captained their team in at least one match.
The Chennai Super Kings's Mahendra Singh Dhoni has played the most number of matches as a captain, leading the team in 96 matches with a win–loss percentage of 61.05. The best win–loss percentage is of Pune Warriors India's Ross Taylor: 100.00; though among captains who have captained more than ten matches, Mumbai Indians's Rohit Sharma has the best win–loss percentage: 76.92. Dhoni has won the most number of matches playing as a captain, with 58; whereas Adam Gilchrist has lost the most number of matches playing as a captain: 39. Mahela Jayawardene and Kumar Sangakkara are the only players to captain three teams: the former has captained the Delhi Daredevils, the Kings XI Punjab and the Kochi Tuskers Kerala, whereas the latter has captained the Deccan Chargers, the Kings XI, and the Sunrisers Hyderabad. 
James Hopes of the Daredevils have captained the most number of matches without registering a win; he led his team in three matches, two of which were lost and one ended with no result. Six players have captained the Daredevils, the Indians and the Warriors each; five players have captained the Kings XI and the Royal Challengers each; four players have captained the Deccan Chargers; three players have captained the Kolkata Knight Riders and the Rajasthan Royals each; whereas two players have captained the Super Kings and the Tuskers each.
The list includes those players who have captained their team in at least one IPL match. The list is initially organised by the number of matches as a captain and if the numbers are tied, the list is sorted by last name.

</doc>
<doc id="36786918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786918" title="Wang Hongyou">
Wang Hongyou

Wang Hongyou (Chinese: 王宏有 born 23 January 1985) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36786935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786935" title="Oskar Bie">
Oskar Bie

Oscar Bie (9 February 1864 – 21 April 1938) was a German art historian and publicist.
Life.
Born in Breslau, Bie studied philosophy, art and music history at the universities of Breslau, Leipzig and Berlin. In 1886 he achieved his doctorate and habilitated in 1890 at the Technical University of Berlin in art history.
From 1894 1922, he was the chief editor of the literary magazine Die neue Rundschau and made it one of the leading cultural monthly magazines in Germany. As a critic of opera, music and art, he worked for the papers "Berliner Börsen-Courier" and "Die Weltbühne".
In 1901, Bie was appointed professor. He taught aesthetics at the Musikhochschule Berlin from 1921. No reprints of his books were allowed after 1933.
He died in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="36786946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786946" title="St John's Wood Art School">
St John's Wood Art School

The St John's Wood Art School (aka The Wood) was an art school in St John's Wood, north London, England.
The Art School was established in 1878. It was founded by A. A. Calderon and E. B. Ward, two top art teachers in London. Lewis Baumer, Cadogan Cowper, and Byam Shaw were early students. Later students included Michael Ayrton, Frank Beresford, Kenneth Martin, John Minton and Olive Mudie-Cooke. Teachers included Vanessa Bell, John Piper, and John Skeaping.
The School subsequently became the Anglo-French Art Centre, which was founded in 1946 by Alfred Rozelaar Green, who studied in Paris at the Académie Julian and Atelier Gromaire. The Centre closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36786958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786958" title="Yu Ziqian">
Yu Ziqian

Yu Ziqian ( born 3 June 1985) is a Chinese football Goalkeeper who currently plays for Qingdao Hainiu in the China League One.
Club career.
Yu Ziqian played for the Dalian Yiteng youth team before it was sold-off and then merged with Dalian Shide F.C.'s own youth team. At Dalian Shide Yu was trained by former England international goalkeeper Jimmy Rimmer, however before he had a chance to establish himself within the team he was seriously injured in a training session where he received a ruptured spleen and one year out of football. Upon his return from injury Yu was allowed to join third tier club Shanxi Luhu in the 2002 league campaign before he returned to Dalian Shide after they needed a third choice goalkeeper the following season. At the top tier club he would have to wait to establish himself until on April 9, 2003 in a 2002–03 AFC Champions League semi-final match he was given his debut after the first choice goalkeeper An Qi was sent-off and Yu had to deputize as Dalian Shide lost to Al Ain FC 4-2.
After making very little progress at Dalian Shide he was sold to top tier club Qingdao Jonoon F.C. for 1.5 million Yuan and was expected to fight for the goalkeeping position against Liu Zhenli. After spending two seasons at the club Yu, however was unable to make the position his and he was allowed to leave for third tier club Dalian Aerbin. The move would be a huge success and he would go on to win not only the successive league titles but promotion to the top tier of Chinese football, the Chinese Super League. At the beginning of the 2012 season Yu was even named vice-captain, however after a series of bad performance culminating in a 5-2 league defeat to Liaoning Whowin on July 28, 2012 Yu was dropped from the team.
Honours.
Dalian Aerbin
Qingdao Hainiu

</doc>
<doc id="36786966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786966" title="Kazutaka Komori">
Kazutaka Komori

Komori was later tried as an adult and sentenced to 15 years in prison. This murder and the assassination of Inejiro Asanuma by Otoya Yamaguchi led to the arrest of Satoshi Akao in 1961. Komori died in prison in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36786981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786981" title="Veče sa Ivanom Ivanovićem">
Veče sa Ivanom Ivanovićem

Veče sa Ivanom Ivanovićem () is a Serbian talk show that aires weekly on Prva Srpska Televizija. The show is hosted by Ivan Ivanović. From the beginning, there has been a segment called "Stigla nam je pošta" ("We've got mail"). People send funny videos or pictures. Ivanović and team choose 5 best and the winner gets a watch. Since season 5, this show has special TV series "Srbi u Svemiru" ("Serbs in Space"), starring Dimitrije Banjac, Dejan Ćirjaković and Nikola Škorić. It also has a column called "Nauka Javlja" ("Science Calling"). "Srbi u svemiru" were replaced by "Državni posao" ("State job") on April 18, 2014. Actors from "Srbi u svemiru" also star in "Državni posao" airing on RTV 1 television, but special episodes are made for "Veče sa Ivanom Ivanovićem".
Guests.
Future Seasons.
On June 12, 2013, Ivanović signed a contract with Prva for more seasons. Dragan Nenadović, director of Prva, confirmed seasons six and seven.

</doc>
<doc id="36787003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787003" title="Marc Lorenz">
Marc Lorenz

Marc Lorenz (born 18 July 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36787011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787011" title="Helen O'Clery">
Helen O'Clery

Helen O'Clery (née Gallagher) (1910 – 11 October 2006) was an Irish writer specializing in children's books.
Helen Gallagher was born at Stranorlar in County Donegal, the middle child of three. Her father Henry Thomas Gallagher was Crown Solicitor for County Donegal. Her mother Eileen (née Cullen) came from County Wexford. Her mother started several small industries to help stem the tide of emigration from the locality, one of which, confectionery, proved very successful. Her father joined her mother in the business and they established Urney Chocolates, which developed into one of the largest confectionery manufacturers in Europe.
In 1936 she married Dermot O'Clery, a civil and mechanical engineer. They lived at Tallaght, in County Dublin and had five children.
Many of her books were illustrated by her daughter Ann.

</doc>
<doc id="36787022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787022" title="Ross Ewington">
Ross Ewington

Ross Ewington (born 1947) is an alpine skier from New Zealand. 
In the 1972 Winter Olympics at Sapporo, he came 49th in the Downhill, but was disqualified in the Slalom and did not finish in the Giant Slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="36787028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787028" title="Fluxus (programming environment)">
Fluxus (programming environment)

Fluxus is a live coding environment for 3D graphics, music and games. It uses the programming language Racket (a dialect of Scheme/Lisp) to work with a games engine with built-in 3D graphics, physics simulation and sound synthesis. All programming is done on-the-fly, where the code editor appears on top of the graphics that the code is generating. It is an important reference for research and practice in exploratory programming, pedagogy, live performance and games programming.
Fluxus is known for hosting some of the most cutting-edge live coding research systems by its author Dave Griffiths, such as the BetaBlocker language inspired by Core War, the Al-Jazari music environment based on interacting robots, the Daisy Chain music environment based on the Petri net model of computation, and the SchemeBricks visual interface for Scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="36787031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787031" title="Stefan Langemann">
Stefan Langemann

Stefan Langemann (born July 11, 1990) is a German footballer who plays for SC Wiedenbrück 2000 on loan from Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36787047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787047" title="Felix Burmeister">
Felix Burmeister

Felix Burmeister (born 9 March 1990) is a German footballer who plays for Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36787065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787065" title="Ellougik Essiyasi">
Ellougik Essiyasi

Ellougik Essiyasi or The political logic (Tunisian arabic : اللوجيك السياسي) is a tunisian satirical latex puppet show broadcast on Ettounisya TV. It's inspired by the French show : "Les guignols de l'info"and presented by Taoufik Labidi
History.
Under the regime of Zine el Abidine Ben Ali,the show is broadcast under another name "Qaddachna Lougik ! (How logical as we are !)", during the month of Ramadan and do not talk about politics but it talks about culture, sport and society. After the tunisian revolution and the departure of Ben Ali, It was renamed. His first broadcast was on May 9, 2011 with puppet of Ben Ali, Beji Caid el Sebsi and Nabil Karoui.Following the success of this single episode, it turns into a regular program, inserted in the emission of Moez Ben Ghabia inspired by Grand Journal, Ettesia Massaa ( 21 Hours ),from March 1, 2012. It is broadcast every Thursday until June 19, 2012. It is then broadcast every night during the second half of Ramadan 2012.
Puppets.
Here is the list of characters with a puppet:

</doc>
<doc id="36787076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787076" title="Iris Slappendel">
Iris Slappendel

Iris Slappendel (born 18 February 1985) is a Dutch road racing cyclist.
She won the 2012 Open de Suède Vårgårda road race, the penultimate event in the 2012 UCI Women's Road World Cup.
Outside of cycling, she works freelance as a designer, and she won a competition to design new jerseys for the leaders of the season-long classifications of the UCI Women's Road World Cup, to be used from the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36787095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787095" title="2003 BYU Cougars football team">
2003 BYU Cougars football team

The 2003 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University during the 2003 college football season.

</doc>
<doc id="36787103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787103" title="906th Fighter Group">
906th Fighter Group

The 906th Fighter Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 445th Airlift Wing, based at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. It was inactivated on 1 October 1994.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
The 906th Troop Carrier Group was one of two C-119 groups assigned to the 302d TCW in 1963, the other being the 907th Troop Carrier Group also at Clinton County AFB. Replaced C-119s with C-123 Provider assault transport in 1967, began training with special operations forces when parent 302d Tactical Airlift Wing was redesignated as a Special Operations Wing in 1970. Inactivated in 1975 as part of post-Vietnam War drawdown.
Fighter operations.
Reactivated in 1981 as a UC-123K Provider reserve squadron at Rickenbacker ANGB, Ohio for aireal spraying operations. Re-aligned to an F-4D Phantom II Tactical Fighter squadron in 1982 at Wright-Patterson AFB; F-4Ds came from 704th TFS at Bergstrom AFB. Carried Tail Code "DO", aligned to Tactical Air Command.
Was upgraded to F-16A/B Falcons in 1989 as part of the retirement of the Phantom II, receiving F-16s from inactivating 474th TFW at Nellis AFB. 
Inactivated in 1994 as part of post-Cold War drawdown. Replaced by 445th Operations Group with 89th Fighter Squadron transitioning to C-141B Starlifters on October 1st, 1994 (89th Airlift Squadron).

</doc>
<doc id="36787147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787147" title="Bernie R-XIII School District">
Bernie R-XIII School District

The Bernie R-XIII School District is a public school district in Stoddard County, Missouri, United States, based in Bernie, Missouri.
Schools.
The Bernie R-XIII School District has one elementary school and one high school. 

</doc>
<doc id="36787160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787160" title="Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Valasapalle">
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Valasapalle

Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Valasapalle, Chittoor Dist () is one of the approximately 565 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas in India, located in Valasapalle village, Madanapalle mandal near in Andhra Pradesh. It was established in 1986 by the Department of Education, MHRD. Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas were planned to set up in all the districts of the country in order to provide an education to children from predominantly rural areas. They form a part of the system of gifted education.
History.
Initially the Vidyalaya was temporarily located in the buildings of AP Travel & Tourism Development Corporation at Horsley Hills and continued there from 1986-87 to 1991-92. Subsequently the A.P. state government allotted 43.94 acres of land to the Vidyalaya at Valasapalle village, 5 km from Madanapalle on the Madanapalle-Chittoor Road.
There are around 481 students, with around 80 students in each class. The staff number 38. Science groups MPC (Maths, Physics, Chemistry) and BiPC (Biology, Physics, Chemistry) are taught in classes XI and XII.
Academics.
The school follows the CBSE syllabus and NCERT textbooks. Medium of instruction is random till class VII and later taught in English only.
Student life.
All costs are paid by the Government of India. Everything is provided by the school to help the poor social and economic background of students.
Hostels.
There are hostels for both boys and girls in four houses named Udaygiri, Aravali, Neelagiri, and Shiwalik.Separate for juniors & seniors
Sports.
There is a gymnasium and grounds for volleyball, basketball, badminton and football. Students go for inter-school meets and clusters.
Migration.
About 30% of students in class IX are migrated to and from JNV Birauli of Samastipur district Bihar on the event of National Integration to promote understanding of the diversity and plurality of India's cultures and people.
Curricular activities.
In addition to the regular science topics (Mathematics, Science, Social Studies, English, Hindi and Telugu), students are trained in Music, Art and Painting, Computer Science Education and SUPW. Youth Parliament sessions are conducted.

</doc>
<doc id="36787171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787171" title="2012–13 A-1 League">
2012–13 A-1 League

The 2012–13 A-1 League was the 22nd season of the A-1 Liga, the highest professional basketball league in Croatia.
The first half of the season consists of 10 teams and 100-game regular season (10 games for each of the 10 teams) begins on Saturday, October 6, 2012 and ended on Sunday, March 17, 2012. For second half of the season clubs will be divided into two groups. Championship group will consists of 4 teams from Adriatic League and the best 4 teams from first half of the season. Relegation group will consist of bottom 6 teams from first half of the season.
Relegation and Promotion Rounds.
Relegation/Promotion Play-off.
Relegation league 5th-placed team Križevci faces the 2nd-placed Promotion league side Škrljevo in a two-legged play-off. The winner on aggregate score after both matches will earn a spot in the 2013–14 A-1 League.
Škrljevo vs. Križevci.
Križevci retained its A-1 League status.
Playoffs.
Semifinals.
The semifinals are best-of-3 series.
Finals.
The finals are best-of-5 series.

</doc>
<doc id="36787181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787181" title="Showa Aircraft Industry">
Showa Aircraft Industry

Showa Aircraft Industry Co., Ltd. - SAIC (jap. , "Shōwa Hikōki Kōgyō Kabushiki gaisha") is a Japanese company. Its headquarters are at Akishima-shi, Tokyo Prefecture, a region of Tokyo Metropolis. It was established in 1937 as a manufacturer of military aircraft in Akishima-shi. In World War II it was one of two companies manufacturing the Showa/Nakajima L2D, a license-built Douglas DC-3 variant. It also manufactured other military aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="36787184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787184" title="FlowTex">
FlowTex

During the mid-1980s the company FlowTex was established by Mandred Schmider and Klaus Kleiser, two businessmen based in the South-Western state of Baden-Wuerttemberg, with the purpose of constructing and operating machines for horizontal drilling. The business idea was profitable and successful as it allowed for the installation of cables and pipes without the need to dig up roads, which would have caused considerable traffic chaos and noise pollution. By the year 2000, the two men had sold more than 3,000 machines at around 1.5 million Deutsche Marks.
Scandal.
What started as a legal business with a viable model soon turned into large-scale fraud; in reality, FlowTex had only produced 181 machines that were sold multiple times, with the certificates and identification plates manipulated according to the scam. At one point, the same machine was paraded at various different fake construction sites to potential investors during the same inspection; it later emerged that they had moved the machine from one location to another during lunch breaks. Over a period of ten years or so, they secured loans worth more than two billion Euros for non-existent drilling systems and the scam is widely tipped as Germany’s largest ever case of white-collar crime.
Sentencing and Aftermath.
The scam was aided by a network of co-conspirators that included family, friends and employees of the firm, but ultimately it was Schmider and Kleiser who paid the largest price for their crimes; they were both arrested in February 2000 on suspicion of fraud and tax evasion, four years after the authorities were allegedly first tipped off about the fraudulent business practices. This apparent lack of determination to follow up on the leads was allegedly partly due to concerns that such investigations would jeopardise jobs and compromise leading politicians who had courted the FlowTex directors as model businessmen. Also suspicious was the fact that the tax inspector assigned to FlowTex was a tennis partner of one of the FlowTex directors. However, to date there have been no indications that the FlowTex management or any politicians tried to directly influence the proceedings.

</doc>
<doc id="36787185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787185" title="Valasapalle">
Valasapalle

Valasapalle (వలసపల్లి) is a village in the Madanapalle mandal in the Chittoor district. It is located at a distance 0f 6.9 km from the Madanapalle. The Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya of Chittoor District is located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="36787210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787210" title="Marcia Haydée">
Marcia Haydée

Marcia Haydée (Marcia Haydée Salaverry Pereira de Silva), is a ballet dancer and choreographer from Brazil who was born in Niterói on April 18, 1937.
After studies with several masters, she joined the Royal Ballet School in London and the Grand Ballet du Marquis de Cuevas (Monaco) in 1957. Then she entered the Stuttgart Ballet in 1961, where she had been called the "Prima ballerina" the following year. From 1976 to 1996 she was director of the Stuttgart Ballet.
She is currently the director of Ballet Municipal de Santiago de Chile. 

</doc>
<doc id="36787212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787212" title="2002 BYU Cougars football team">
2002 BYU Cougars football team

The 2002 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University during the 2002 college football season.

</doc>
<doc id="36787213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787213" title="Dorothy Duffy">
Dorothy Duffy

Dorothy Duffy (born in Douglas Bridge, Northern Ireland) is an Irish actress. She is best known for her performance as Rose / Patricia in the The Magdalene Sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="36787219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787219" title="Ashley Parker Angel">
Ashley Parker Angel

Ashley Parker Angel (born August 1, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter and actor who rose to fame with the boyband O-Town.
Early years.
Ashley Parker Angel was born Ashley Ward Parker, the child of Darren and Paula Parker, and raised in the town of Redding, California. His grandparents are of German and Irish descent. Ashley was named after the fictional character Ashley Wilkes, his mother’s favorite character from Margaret Mitchell’s 1936 novel "Gone with the Wind", which later became a classic film of the same title. When Ashley was three years old, his parents divorced. His mother later remarried, and Ashley was legally adopted by his stepfather, Ron Angel, who is of American Indian descent. He then legally assumed the name by which he is also known as, “Ashley Parker-Angel.” He has two brothers, Taylor and Justin and two sisters, Annie and Emily.
From a very early age, Ashley studied the piano, as his mother Paula was a successful piano teacher with many students of her own. He was by nature active and adventurous. In one incident, at the age of nine he inadvertently set fire to his elementary school’s football and soccer fields due to the explosion of a model rocket he had launched on school property; local police charged him with a misdemeanor.
As an adolescent, he was hired in an open casting call by the California-based video game company Working Designs, who produced many cult-hit role-playing games that required extensive voice acting. Ashley went on to voice characters in many popular Sega and PlayStation video games, including the lead character Alex in the classic .
During his teenage years, Ashley also worked the game help phone lines at Working Designs, and as a lifeguard at both a local water park and Whiskeytown Lake. He later worked at ShopKo, a regional chain. While there, with each transaction, he would sweet-talk customers into filling out the feedback card he included with their purchase and asked them to mention him if they felt he did a good job. This tactic resulted in his ascent to the position as top employee in the entire store chain based on customer feedback. Always drawn to performing, at 16 he signed with a small talent agency in his hometown and began searching for opportunities to work in entertainment.
Entertainment career.
O-Town and "Making the Band".
In 2000 Ashley Parker Angel achieved fame on the hit ABC series "Making the Band", which tracked the formation of a pop music group. The MTV production was the first reality show to be picked up by a major television network. Weekly, viewers saw Angel, after first being plucked from tens of thousands of other auditionees, survive each stage of the selection process to become one of the “final five” members of the new vocal group O-Town.
"Making the Band" band manager Lou Pearlman, who had been responsible for the formation of groups such as The Backstreet Boys and ’N Sync (the show’s concept and title have since been adopted by P. Diddy).
Ratings were strong, and as a result O-Town quickly achieved success; by the end of the first season, the group had inked a record deal with music legend Clive Davis and became the debut act for Davis’ new label J Records. The album "O-Town", boosted by the weekly TV publicity, debuted at #5 on "Billboard" and went on to multi-platinum status. “Liquid Dreams,” the album’s first release, crowned the SoundScan singles chart at #1, selling over 42,000 units in one week. The group won the 2001 Teen Choice Award for Breakthrough Artist.
Because of O-Town, J Records made musical history as the first label in SoundScan history (1991 and on) to have its first single release debut at #1 on the sales charts. Also, O-Town is the first artist in SoundScan history to have its first single come in at #1, an achievement recorded in the 2002 "Guinness Book of World Records".
In late spring 2001, the second single, “All or Nothing,” and became the biggest hit of O-Town’s career. The song reached #1 on the U.S. top 40 chart and was nominated for numerous awards, including Song of the Year during the 2001 Radio Music Awards.
The group toured internationally, and went on to be the first reality show cast to remain unchanged for a second and third season. Near the end of the third season, viewers watched O-Town striving to take their careers to the next level, writing their own music, earning the respect of industry peers, and marketing themselves as more than a “boy band.” Unfortunately, by the time of the release of their second album, "O2", the teen-pop genre had begun to fade, and they did not find the acceptance they sought. Despite moderate success, "O2" got nowhere near the market impact of their first album. In November 2003 J Records dropped the band from the label.
In January 2011, O-Town confirmed their reunion plans, four days after confirming the band had gotten back together Ashley released a statement via TMZ.com that he wouldn't be reuniting with the band causing an uproar with the fans and media due to Ashley being a key member during O-Town.
"O-Town was one of the greatest chapters of my life, so when the idea of a reunion was brought to me, of course I was intrigued. However I have made the decision not to be a part of an O-Town reunion. It was a difficult decision, but ultimately necessary to move on with the next chapter of my career"
Solo Music Career and "There & Back" (2004–2006).
In 2004, Ashley had secured a record deal with Blackground/Universal Records, and later that year MTV began filming "There and Back", a reality series tracking his pursuit of solo stardom. The show documented Parker’s struggle to transcend his mostly teen idol image, showcasing him as a serious songwriter and musician who co-wrote every track of his album. The series was backlit by the relationship between him and his then-pregnant fiancée (the engagement has since been broken off) and the obstacles of early fatherhood, and also captured the drama and birth of his son Lyric.
In April 2006, Parker was selected to be a contestant on NBC’s "Celebrity Cooking Showdown", produced by entertainment mogul/rapper Diddy; Angel placed second, even though he is seen severely lacerating his finger during one of the timed cooking challenges. Shortly thereafter, he competed in the "Kelly Slater Celebrity Surf Invitational", in which he had another severe injury, this time a foot laceration.
In May 2006, his solo album "Soundtrack to Your Life" was released, debuting at #5 on "Billboard" and receiving many positive reviews. "Billboard"’s review called it “great melodic rock … falling somewhere between the earnest balladeering of the Goo Goo Dolls and the driving rock of the All American Rejects.” The first single release, “Let U Go,” was a hit; its video spent weeks at #1 on MTV’s TRL and the single had the third-highest-selling debut of 2006. In spring of that year, Parker toured throughout North America with Ashlee Simpson.
Parker was featured as a character in the Clone High episode "Gate Expectations". In the episode, he hosts a teen dance show which is set on the sunny beaches of Canada, where it's always "a balmy 32 degrees". Parker is described in the episode as being like "the Beatles and Jesus all rolled into one."
On Broadway (2007–2008).
In January 2007, Ashley Parker joined the eight-time Tony Award–winning musical "Hairspray", playing the lead character’s love interest, teen heartthrob Link Larkin. The "New York Post" assessed Angel’s performance as “an absolute charmer.” Angel’s presence on Broadway also led the "New York Times" to do a feature on the singer/songwriter turned actor. The "Hairspray" producers asked Angel to extend his contract four times. In early 2008, Parker sustained a back injury onstage, forcing him to leave the show for a few months, but he returned to finish the last few weeks of his latest contract, giving the actor a successful run in the show for more than a year.
During his stay in New York, Parker performed at several other Broadway-related events, including "Broadway in Bryant Park" and "Broadway on Broadway".
Acting (2009–2012).
As a child, Parker was the voice of the main character Alex in the video game ' and '.
In 2007 during his run on Broadway Angel began taking Acting classes after finding acting during the show fun and challenging. In June 2009, Parker signed for his first major Acting role as Carson Wheetly for the movie "Wild Things" by Sony, filmed in Miami over two months and titled "" originally titled, Wild Things: Criss-Cross.
In June 20 Parker played pop singer Danny Starr in the "Danny Starr / Quinceañera" episode of the children's cartoon "Handy Manny" on the Disney Channel. In which he sang an original song "Twisty Turn Twist" which he co-wrote for the show.
In late March 2010 Parker was cast in the role of Todd for the upcoming family superhero movie "Pizza Man" starring Frankie Muniz filmed in Los Angeles. Pizza Man is due for theatrical release in late 2011.
In February 2011 Parker filmed his third movie "Amelia's 25th", he plays the role of Jacob. This movie is due for release in 2012.
Mansions of Arcadia (2012).
As of 2012 Parker has been working with Xandy Barry on a new joint Band project titled "MOA" standing for "Mansions of Arcadia". He released a 20-second clip in January 2012 of their debut release "Don't Let Me Down".
Personal life.
Ashley was engaged to model Tiffany Lynn after a five-year relationship. The couple had one son, named Lyric, together. In June 2008, the couple broke up.
In 2011, Ashley dropped "Angel" from his last name professionally making his name "Ashley Parker" but later added the Angel back to his name upon the launch of Mansions of Arcadia.

</doc>
<doc id="36787226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787226" title="Saint Nicetas the Patrician">
Saint Nicetas the Patrician

Saint Nicetas the Patrician (, "Niketas Patrikios"; 761/762 – 6 October 836), usually identified with Nicetas Monomachos (Νικήτας Μονομάχος), was a Byzantine eunuch official and general from Paphlagonia active at the turn of the 9th century, who in later life became a monk and a fervent opponent of Byzantine Iconoclasm. 
He is honoured as a saint and a Confessor of the Faith by the Orthodox Church. His feast day is on 13 October.
Early life and career.
Nicetas was born in Paphlagonia in 761–762, and his parents were probably named Gregory and Anna. Later tradition held that he was a descendant of Empress Theodora, the wife of Theophilos (reigned 829–842). This is clearly impossible, but some sort of relation cannot be excluded. Another tradition records that he was also a relative of Empress Irene of Athens (r. 797–802). According to his hagiography, he was castrated by his parents at a young age, received a good education and was sent to Constantinople at age 17 (ca. 778), where he entered the service of the imperial court. According to the same source, Nicetas distinguished himself among the court eunuchs and came to the attention of Empress-mother Irene, who handled the Empire's affairs as regent after 780. Irene promoted him because of his ability and because of their ties of kinship. In 787, Nicetas is even said to have represented the Empress at the Second Council of Nicaea, although given Nicetas' youth this is likely to be an invention by his hagiographer.
Shortly after, he was promoted to the rank of "patrikios", and was sent to Sicily as the governor ("strategos") of the local theme. On account of this information, he is usually identified with the "patrikios" and "strategos" of Sicily Nicetas, who in 797 sent an embassy to Charlemagne, as well as with the "patrikios" Nicetas Monomachos, who brought the hand of Saint Euphemia from Constantinople ca. 796 and built a church in Sicily to house the holy relic. Nicetas' tenure as governor of Sicily is therefore placed ca. 796–797, and ended before 799, when a certain Michael was governor of the theme of Sicily. If "Monomachos" represents a family name rather than a sobriquet (it means "single combatant"), Nicetas would be the first attested member of the Monomachos family, which rose to prominence in the 11th century, with several of its members becoming high-ranking functionaries, and which also produced an emperor, Constantine IX Monomachos (r. 1042–1055).
Almost nothing is known of Nicetas' activities in the decade after the deposition of Irene in 802. According to his hagiography, he wanted to retire to a monastery, but was prohibited from doing so by Emperor Nikephoros I (r. 802–811) and his son Staurakios. However, he has been tentatively identified with a number of people of the same name and rank mentioned in the chronicles: thus he may be the "patrikios" Nicetas who owned the house where the Gastria Monastery was built, or the "patrikios" Nicetas who was one of the founders of the Church of St. Stephen in Trigleia, Bithynia. He is also frequently equated with the admiral Nicetas who in 807–808 led the Byzantine fleet in its reoccupation of Dalmatia and Venice, who in turn is sometimes identified with the Nicetas who was General Logothete in 808–811.
Monastic life.
With the accession of Michael I Rhangabe (r. 811–813) to the throne, Nicetas was at last able to receive tonsure (late 811). Indeed, the new emperor encouraged him in this endeavour, served as his sponsor, and gave him the convent of Chrysonike near the Golden Gate, where Nicetas retired. Nicetas remained in the monastery as its "hegumenos" (abbot) until late 815, when the second phase of the Byzantine Iconoclasm began under the auspices of Leo V the Armenian (r. 813–820). Refusing to acknowledge the Emperor's iconoclast policies, Nicetas left the capital for one of its suburbs. He was accused at one point of sheltering an icon, but he suffered no punishment except for the confiscation of the image and his confinement to house arrest.
Nothing is known of his life during the reign of Michael II the Amorian (r. 820–829), but in the early reign of Michael's son and successor Theophilos, the persecution of iconophiles intensified, and monks in particular became the targets of the emperor's iconoclast zeal. Despite his probable family connection to Theophilos' empress, Nicetas was ordered to accept communion with the iconoclast patriarch, Antony Kassymatas, or face exile. Nicetas chose the latter, and with a handful of disciples and other like-minded monks he fled to Bithynia. He spent the next few years moving from locality to locality around the coast of the Sea of Marmara to evade harassment from iconoclast officials, before finally settling in the villages of Zouloupas and then Katesia, where he died on 8 October 836. According to the sources, Nicetas specialized in "healing men tormented by sexual desires" (K. Ringrose).
Hagiographic sources.
The main sources on Nicetas are his hagiography and the "synaxaria". The hagiography survives in a 12th-century manuscript, now located in the National Library of Greece at Athens. It was formerly attributed to Nicetas of Medikion, but was written by an anonymous monk of the Monastery of Asomaton at Katesia, founded by Nicetas, sometime shortly after Nicetas' death. The account was based on the notes of Nicetas' namesake nephew and disciple, who succeeded him as the monastery's abbot.

</doc>
<doc id="36787244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787244" title="Nursultan Mamayev">
Nursultan Mamayev

Nursultan Mamayev (born 27 June 1993 in Shymkent) is a Kazakhstani taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 58 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Tamer Bayoumi.

</doc>
<doc id="36787248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787248" title="Armenia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Armenia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Armenia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36787257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787257" title="Brian Fall">
Brian Fall

Sir Brian Fall (born 13 December 1937) is a retired British diplomat who was the UK's Special Representative for the South Caucasus 2002–12.
Career.
Brian James Proetel Fall was educated at St Paul's School, London, Magdalen College, Oxford, and the University of Michigan Law School. After National Service in the British Army 1955–57 he continued as a reserve officer of the Royal Military Police. He entered the Diplomatic Service in 1962 and was appointed an established officer of the Service in 1965. He served in Moscow and Geneva before a year as Course Director at the Civil Service College 1970–71. After serving in the Foreign Office and as consul at New York he spent a year as a Visiting Fellow at the Center for International Affairs at Harvard University.
After another period in Moscow 1977–79, Fall was head of the Energy, Science and Space Department at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) 1979–80 and then head of the Eastern European and Soviet Department 1980–81. He then spent three years as Principal Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, serving three Foreign Secretaries, Lord Carrington, Francis Pym and Sir Geoffrey Howe. He then worked for Lord Carrington again as Director of the Private Office of the Secretary General of NATO before being appointed Assistant Under Secretary of State (Defence) at the FCO 1986–88. He was then Minister and Deputy Head of Mission at the British Embassy in Washington 1988–89, High Commissioner to Canada 1989–92 and Ambassador to Russia 1992–95. As Ambassador to Russia just after the break-up of the Soviet Union, Fall was also accredited to nine Post-Soviet states until they received their own ambassadors.
In stories about his daughter in 2010, the UK "Daily Mail" claimed that Sir Brian is "credited with triggering Vladimir Putin's rise", apparently because he "introduced Putin to President Yeltsin". No evidence was provided to substantiate this claim, and there is in fact no such evidence: Sir Brian cannot remember ever having met Putin.
After retiring from the Diplomatic Service in 1995, Sir Brian Fall was principal of Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, from 1995–2002. He was also an adviser to Rio Tinto Group and a governor of St Mary's School (Calne).
In 2002 Sir Brian was appointed the UK's Special Representative for Georgia, becoming a member of the "Group of Friends of the UN Secretary General on Georgia". This appointment was later expanded to cover the whole of the South Caucasus.
Honours.
Brian Fall was appointed CMG in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1984, knighted KCMG in the New Year Honours of 1992 and received the additional knighthood of GCVO in 1994. He was elected an honorary Fellow of Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, on retiring as Principal. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by York University, Toronto, in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36787260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787260" title="Belarus at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Belarus at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Belarus competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36787268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787268" title="Belgium at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Belgium at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Belgium competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36787287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787287" title="Heiner Oviedo">
Heiner Oviedo

Heiner Oviedo (born 28 December 1988 in San José) is a Costa Rican taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 58 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Aleksey Denisenko.

</doc>
<doc id="36787338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787338" title="Mokdad El-Yamine">
Mokdad El-Yamine

Mokdad El-Yamine (born 13 July 1986 in Marseille) is an Algerian taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 58 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Óscar Muñoz.

</doc>
<doc id="36787342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787342" title="Lighthouse Cinema (Kolkata)">
Lighthouse Cinema (Kolkata)

Lighthouse Cinema was a single screen cinema hall and heritage building located in Humayun Place in New Market, next to New Empire, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
History.
Lighthouse Cinema was established in 1934 for screening Hollywood films. The theatre was designed by W.M. Dudok. For 70 years this was one of the most popular cinemas in Kolkata. This was one of the largest cinema halls in India with 1396 sitting capacity. Later it was reduced from 1396 to 600.
Closing of Lighthouse.
After 2000 the hall started to suffer a heavy financial loss. In February 2002 the theatre managements decided to close the theatre because of the heavy loss they suffered in last few years and it was permanently closed on 22 February 2002. Two years after closing the hall, in 2004, the theatre's license was also taken away and it turned into a bleak house after some legal actions against “unauthorised changes” made to the premises. After that the entire cinema was converted to Citimart, a shopping complex.

</doc>
<doc id="36787346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787346" title="DM Sevilla">
DM Sevilla

Denmark Sevilla popularly known as DM Sevilla (born on 29 January, 1987 in Sta. Maria, Bulacan, Philippines) is a Filipino Actor and Dancer. He is one of the final top 5 members of Star Circle Quest batch 2004 together with Erich Gonzales. He is currently working on ABS-CBN and best known for his role as Romeo in Princess and I.

</doc>
<doc id="36787370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787370" title="Håkon Kornstad">
Håkon Kornstad

Håkon Ganes Kornstad (born 5 April 1977 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (tenor saxophone, bass saxophone, flute and live looping), known from bands such as Wibutee and Atomic, and collaborations with musicians such as Anja Garbarek, Live Maria Roggen, Bugge Wesseltoft, Sidsel Endresen, Paal Nilssen-Love, Mats Eilertsen, Knut Reiersrud, Jon Christensen, Eivind Aarset, and Pat Metheny.
Career.
Kornstad was educated in the Jazz Program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium. During his studies he founded the jazz trio Triangle, together with Per Zanussi (bass) and Wetle Holte (drums). Later, Erlend Skomsvoll (piano) and Live Maria Roggen (vocals) joined the band, and this lineup evolved to become the band Wibutee (1998). He also put together the Håkon Kornstad Trio with Paal Nilssen-Love and Mats Eilertsen (1998–2003). Kornstad's collaboration with Håvard Wiik was manifested in two albums of duo recordings in 2001. He was involved with the free improvisation bands Tri-Dim and No Spaghetti Edition, and started the band Atomic in 2000. Kornstad has also been part of the bands of Bugge Wesseltoft (1999–2003), Anja Garbarek (2006-), and Sidsel Endresen (2008-).
Since 2003 Kornstad has focused on his solo projects, in which he plays acoustic saxophones along with electronics in an improvised setting, usually giving solo performances. These have also featured guest appearenses from Knut Reiersrud, Ingebrigt Håker Flaten, Jon Christensen and beatboxer Julian Sommerfelt. In addition to saxophones and electronics, Kornstad plays something he calls the "flutonett", which is a flute coupled with a clarinet mouthpiece.
During a stay in New York in 2009 Kornstad became interested in opera, and began taking singing lessons with teachers there. From the autumn of 2011 he has been a student at "Operahøgskolen" (KHiO), and debuted as a tenor singer in "Den Norske Opera" in February 2012 as "Il Podesta" in a student production of the Mozart opera "La finta giardiniera". In 2011 he was nominated for the Spellemannprisen, in the category of This Year's Jazz Record, for "Symphonies in My Head" (Jazzland, 2011). He then presented his new project, "Tenor Battle", combining opera and jazz, at the International Jazz Festival Nattjazz in Bergen. The new band could best be described as a sort of updated salon orchestra, inspired by the LP era, where jazz standards coexist with opera arias and ballads are followed by improvsations in the known Kornstad style. Kornstad is known as one of the premier Norwegian saxophonists, with a tone so hot that one can be melted freely, his voice has the same impact.

</doc>
<doc id="36787372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787372" title="2001 BYU Cougars football team">
2001 BYU Cougars football team

The 2001 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University during the 2001 college football season. This was the first BYU team without LaVell Edwards as the head coach in 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36787374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787374" title="Goran Jerković">
Goran Jerković

Goran Jerković may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36787389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787389" title="Racing helmet">
Racing helmet

A racing helmet is a form of protective headgear worn by racing car and rally drivers. Motor racing has long been known to be an exceptionally risky sport: sudden deceleration forces on the head can easily occur if a racing car loses control at the very high speeds of competitive motor racing or the rough terrain experienced in rallying. A risk more nearly unique to motor racing is the possibility of drastically severe burns from fuel igniting when the fuel lines or fuel tank of the vehicle are jolted sufficiently to dislodge or breach them in a situation in which the driver cannot soon enough escape from his car. This happened to world champion driver Niki Lauda at the 1976 German Grand Prix race at the Nürburgring in a crash from which he barely escaped alive. 
It is known that the percentage of racing accidents resulting in hospitalisation in motor racing, at around 25 percent, is higher than any other major international sport and that the average period in hospital is the longest. A recent Australian study also suggests motor racing may have the highest rate of actual injury among major sports. However, a study conducted between 1996 and 2000 by Fuji Toranomon Orthopaedic Hospital in Shizuoka suggests that only a small proportion of these injuries are actually to the head or surrounding areas.
History.
Analogous to gridiron football, cloth or leather helmets with goggles to protect drivers’ eyes from dust were used by many pre-World War I racing drivers and already in 1914 the Auto Cycle Union made helmets compulsory for drivers of its racing vehicles. However, these helmets did nothing to prevent massive head injuries or burns during the numerous crashes encountered even when races were moved onto private tracks.
In the period following the war, concern about head injuries in motor racing continued to grow much faster than efforts to design safer helmets. Some racing drivers in the 1920s and 1930s were known to wear football or fire-fighting helmets as these offered better protection than standard racing headdresses of the time. Despite the fact that hard-shell helmets were used in motorcycle racing during the 1930s, it was not until the 1950s that a hard-shell helmet specifically designed for motor racing emerged, and extremely soon after the first metal helmets were developed Formula One made helmets of this type compulsory for all drivers. NASCAR, however, did not make full-face helmets compulsory until after the death of Dale Earnhardt in 2001.
Although helmets had been mandatory in other races beforehand, the new technology greatly improved safety and allowed the use of higher speeds. Bell Sports developed the first mass-produced auto racing helmet in 1954.
By the end of the 1950s full face crash helmets were regarded as essential equipment for drivers in all forms of motor racing, and the Snell Memorial Foundation developed the first auto racing helmet standards in 1959. Since that time, the alternative standard to that of Snell has been that of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile, whose standards are used in Grand Prix racing. The Safety Helmet Council of America also developed a race car helmet standard in the 1970s but currently only provides certification to the Department of Transportation which does not certify racing car helmets.
Since racing helmets became general standard equipment, there have been many improvements made to their design to cope with the increases in power and speed of racing cars. The most recent of these has been the development of flexible “tethers” so that a head inside the helmet cannot snap forward or to the side during a wreck.
Construction.
In most respects, auto racing helmets are not dissimilar to motorcycle helmets in construction, since they have similar requirements of protecting against extremely high-speed collisions. Modern racing helmets have an outer shell of carbon fiber, an inner shell of thick polystyrene and padding which must be in contact with the wearer’s head.
There are, however, several major differences that make the two types of helmets non-interchangeable:
The fire-proof material used in racing helmets occurs in the inner lining and is known as Nomex, having been first introduced to racing helmets in 1967. In the 1960s and 1970s as crash fireproofing developed, concern became raised that in ordinary use racing helmets offered very little ventilation because they have more complete head coverage than any other type of helmet. Practical solutions to this problem were not developed until the 1980s when thermoelectric cooling was developed; however, most customers and governing bodies have preferred alternative less sophisticated means of improving ventilation over the past thirty years.

</doc>
<doc id="36787426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787426" title="Achaemenid invasion of the Indus Valley">
Achaemenid invasion of the Indus Valley

Achaemenid invasion of Indus valley is the Achaemenid military conquests of territories of South Asia west of Indus river in 6th century BC, consisting mainly of modern-day Pakistan. Achaemenid penetration into the modern Pakistan occurred in stages, starting from northern parts of Indus river and moving southward. The Persian empires considered the Indus river as their eastern most boundary.
Historical background.
The important communities in the region were the people of Punjab, the Kambojas and Sindhis. Punjab consisted of Taksas of Gandhara, the Madras and Kathas (Kathaioi) on Akesines, the Mallas on Hydraotis and the Tugras on Hesidros. In the first half of the sixth century, these several small principalities fought against one another. This region did not have any powerful state to wield the warring communities into one organized kingdom. The area was wealthy, and could be entered through the passes of the Hindu Kush. The Achaemenids took advantage of the political disunity and penetrated into the region. 
Gandhara/Taxila in Punjab was conquered by Achaemenid empire in 518 BC. During this time, Pushkarasakti, a contemporary of King Bimbisara (558–491 BC) of Magadha empire of Haryanka dynasty, was the king of Gandhara. Pushkarasakti was engaged in power struggles against his local rivals. Achaemenids under Darius penetrated to the region in 516 BC, and annexed other parts of Punjab west to Indus river and Sindh.
The upper Indus region, comprising Gandhara and Kamboja, formed the 7th, Gandhara satrapy of the Achaemenid Empire (including Sattagydians, Dadicae, Aparytae), while the lower and middle Indus, respectively comprising Sindh and Sauvira, constituted the 20th satrapy (called Indian/Sindh/Hinduš Satrapy).
The conquered area was the most fertile and populous region of the Achaemenid Empire. Indus Valley was already fabled for its gold; the province was able to supply gold dust equal in value to the very large amount of 4680 silver talents. The Persian writers brought the Kharoshthi script to South Asia during these period. Under the Persian rule, a system of centralized administration with a bureaucratic system was introduced in the region and scholars such as Pāṇini and Kautilya lived in the environment. A certain amount of Indus Valley people were recruited to the Persian army in that time, and Achaemenid ruler Xerxes employed them in his wars against the Greeks. 
By about 380 BC, the Persian hold on the region was weakening, but the area continued to be a part of the Achaemenid Empire until Alexander's invasion.
The ancient Greeks also had some knowledge of the area. Darius I appointed the Greek Scylax of Caryanda to explore the Indian Ocean from the mouth of the Indus to Suez. Scylax provides an account of the voyage in his book "Periplous". Hecataeus of Miletus (500 BC) and Herodotus (483–431 BC) also wrote about the "Indus Satrapy" of the Persians.

</doc>
<doc id="36787463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787463" title="Danielius Dolskis">
Danielius Dolskis

Danielius Dolskis (1891–1931) was a popular Lithuanian singer noted in pre-revolutionary Russia and in "inter-war" Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="36787491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787491" title="Thillu Mullu (2013 film)">
Thillu Mullu (2013 film)

Thillu Mullu is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by Badri who earlier directed "Veerappu" and "Ainthaam Padai". It is a remake of Rajinikanth's film "Thillu Mullu" which itself was a remake of Hindi film "Gol Maal". The film stars Shiva and Isha Talwar. Prakash Raj enacted the character essayed by the late Thengai Srinivasan. Kovai Sarala, Sathyan, Ilavarasu, Manobala played supporting roles. The music was jointly scored by M. S. Viswanathan and Yuvan Shankar Raja who for the first time worked together. While the film’s "muhurat" took place on August 24, the shooting commenced in September. The film released on 14 June 2013 to positive reviews. The film was a commercial success.
Plot.
Pasupathy (Shiva) is a go lucky guy who wanders without any purpose. He is living with his younger sister Kavitha (Monisha) and house maid Senthamarai (Kovai Sarala) who is a part-time liquor seller in black market. Pasupathy's sister is in love with his close friend Mano (Soori) which Pasupathy is not aware. His friend indirectly tries to convey that matter to him to which he does not understand. Pasupathy has a maternal uncle (Ilavarasu) who is a lawyer and their care taker since their parents died. Pasupathy loses his house to a bank on a surety crisis which involved his father. Hence he is compelled to settle in job. Pasupathy's uncle applies for an opening in his friend's mineral water company 'Classique' for marketing head post. He gives many instructions about the owner Sivagurunathan (Prakash Raj) who is an ardent devotee of Lord Murugan and who is against recommendations. Pasupathy manages to get job by dressing in a simple Gandhian manner, faking as a Murugan devotee and tells he follows very valuable principles written in the book of Sivagurnathan himself which attracts Sivagurunathan.
Pasupathy one day lies to his boss that his mother got injured and leaves to watch IPL match. There he enjoys a lot with his friends by drinking, screaming, cheering etc. which unexpectedly is seen by Sivagurunathan as he was present on his friend's invite for a business purpose. Sivagurunathan is furious on Pasupathy's behavior and he captures his activities in his mobile. Next day he issues termination order to Pasupathy. To secure his job Pasupathy lies that Sivagurunathan has actually seen his identical twin brother Ganguly Kandhan who is a Karate master. The difference between the both of them is that, his brother has blue eyes unlike his. Sivagurunathan believes him half minded and yet gives him his job again.
Sivagurunathan has a daughter Janani (Isha Talwar) who learns everything half baked. Her interest turns to learning self-defense skills and tells her father to appoint a master to teach Karate. Sivagurunathan calls Pasupathy to send his brother for Karate coaching. Pasupathy wears blue contact lens and visits his home and manages to make Sivagurunathan to believe he is Ganguly Kandhan. Pasupathy and Janani had already met where Pasupathy rushes to save Janani from fire but he is rescued by Janani from fire. Pasupathy is attracted to Janani and he impresses both Janani and her maternal grandmother (Sachu). Sivagurunathan meets a bank officer (Devadarshini) who actually took Pasupathy's house. She tells him that Pasupathy is actually a fraud and she has not met anyone like Ganguly Kandhan which confuses Sivagurunathan. He appoints a CID to follow Pasupathy and find out if he has a brother Ganguly Kandhan. Pasupathy manages to cheat the CID and make him believe that there are two brothers. But he innocently behaves and submits his and Kandhan's resignation letter to him telling that his mother did not want them to work for a boss who doubts their loyalty. Sivagurunathan says that he would apologize for his doubtful behavior to his mother which creates further trouble for Pasupathy. He rushes home and disguises his servant maid Senthamarai to act as his mother. Sivagurunathan believes that setup and apologizes to Pasupathy's mother.
Janani falls for Ganguly Kandhan and she wants him to find if he loves her and she keeps him a test. She wants him to wish for her birthday on the following Tuesday and she will not tell him that she is going to Dubai. Pasupathy tries to get information from Janani's grand mother. He goes to Sivagurunthan and tells Kandhan has gone to Dubai which furies Sivagurunathan as he doubts that Kandhan has gone to impress his daughter. Pasupathy pretends to say that he will go to Dubai and stop his brother and bring back his daughter to which Sivaguru accepts. Sivaguru plans to marry off his daughter to innocent Pasupathy against Janani's wishes. Pasupathy goes to Dubai and both propose their love. Pasupathy's friend blackmails him to let him marry his sister otherwise he would tell his double act to Sivaguru. Pasupathy who had no other go arranges for their marriage. Janani comes out of home as she does not want to marry Pasupathy but only Kandhan but she finds that both are same and gets angry on him But he convinces her by saying all he did is for her sake which cools her. Sivaguru misunderstands that Janani is going to marry Kandhan and rushes to stop it but finds that Kadhan is Pasupathy himself. He furiously chases him and Pasupathy runs. After several chases and runs Pasupathy manages to tie the knot but he does not do so as he did not want to marry Janani against his boss' wishes. Sivaguru changes his mind and let them marry.
Production.
In July 2012, Shiva confirmed that was he going to do the remake "Thillu Mullu" that was likely to be produced by KB’s daughter Pushpa Kandasamy. Shiva and Vendhar Movies approached Badri to direct the film. Badri said that he ventured into "Thillu Mullu" with an open mind. “I wanted to make the storyline contemporary. Retaining the characters from the original, I wrote the script to suit today’s generation". The film was launched on August 24, 2012 with a puja at the Image Auditorium at MRC Nagar in Chennai. Celebs included Karthi, Sneha, Prasanna, Meena, S. A. Chandrasekhar, Ambika, Vijay Antony, K. Balachander, Vaali and Dharani were present at the launch. The team after shooting in Chennai and Hyderabad headed to Dubai and Abu Dhabi to can a few songs and scenes. The songs Ragaangal Pathinaru was also shot in Dubai. The shooting was completed in March 2013. After wrapping up the shoot, Badri decided to shoot a music video of the 'Thillu Mullu' remix and convinced the M. S. Viswanathan to appear alongside Yuvan Shankar Raja in the iconic song.
Isha Talwar was roped in to do Madhavi’s role from the original in the film. Her voice was dubbed by Krithika Nelson. Prakash Raj reprised the character essayed by the late Thengai Srinivasan. Director Badri stated "the challenge was to cast someone in Thengai Srinivasan’s role. I couldn’t think of anyone other than Prakash Raj". Kovai Sarala was selected to play Sowcar Janaki's role. Santhanam reprised the special guest appearance by Kamal Haasan. Bosskey informed that he appeared in the opening sequence "as a fake godman who tries to transform a vertically-challenged person into a normal one".
Soundtrack.
Yuvan Shankar Raja and M. S. Viswanathan, the composer of the original "Thillu Mullu" joined hands for the first time in "Thillu Mullu" and handled the music for the cult film's remake together. Two songs from the original — ‘Thillu Mullu’ (remix) and ‘Ragangal Pathinaaru’ — have been retained, and two fresh songs composed. About the remix, Yuvan said, “I just wanted to give the original theme music a contemporary sound. I have not touched the song ‘Ragangal Pathinaaru’, which has been sung by singer Karthik.” While M. S. Viswanathan composed the tunes, Yuvan Shankar Raja orchestrated and recorded them. The audio launch was held on June 1 at the Victoria Hall in Geneva, Switzerland along with the audios of "Nalanum Nandhiniyum" and "Sutta Kadhai".
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by STAR Vijay. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board. The film released on June 14, 2013 alongside another comedy film "Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru". It released on 500+ screens worldwide.
Critical Reception.
"Thillu Mullu" received mostly positive critical response. M. Suganth of "The Times of India" gave 3.5/5 and said, "Much of the credit for this (film) should go to director Badri, whose script clearly suggests that some amount of thought has gone into reworking a cult classic for present-day audiences. Instead of going for a scene by scene remake, he manages to spin newer situations that make it very much a film of our times." "in.com" said, "Thillu Mullu is good fun while it lasts and enjoyable for Shiva’s antics. Any remake’s success is when it makes us forget the original and this new Thillu Mullu does that well with different situations and a decent cast". "Behindwoods" said, "The strong point of the film is definitely Shiva and he suits the role of Pasupathy and Kandhan Ganguly so effortlessly." "IndiaGlitz" said, "For diehard Rajini lovers, who were a lot concerned about how this movie would fare off and will it do justice to the original, yes this has no way harmed the original indeed. If Superstar's 'Thillu mullu' was clean and a complete family entertainer, so is this remake." "Sify" said, "Thillu Mullu on the whole is a laugh riot, go have your fun. The film, in the end, is a broad entertainer that plays to the gallery. Keep your expectations in check, and you are sure to come out with a smile." "The New Indian Express" wrote, "Breezy and fun-filled, Thillu Mullu keeps one entertained for the most part".
On the other hand, S. Saraswathi of rediff.com wrote that the film "fails to evoke spontaneous laughter and lacks the brilliance and rib-tickling humour of the original." Zeenews.com too was critical of the film, "One of the glaring differences between the two versions is the treatment of comedy. While in the original it was sensible and funny, it is loud and commercial in the remake. Despite a few rib-tickling moments between Shiva and Prakash Raj, ‘Thillu Mullu’ suffers due to extended running time and skewed screenplay."
Box office.
The film clashed with big release "Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru" but managed to collect 3.2 crore on opening day. On second day growth improvement collected 3.8 crore making 9.5 crore but lesser than "Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru". The made an average business during its first week collected 24 crore at the box office. The film did decent business in overseas.The film 6 weeks collection around worldwide 50 crore at the box office.The film successfully completed 50 days in 38 centers.
Controversies.
Prior to release, Visu (the writer for the original "Thillu Mullu") filed a civil suit against Vendhar Movies, restraining them from releasing "Thillu Mullu 2". According to him, the remake had the same screenplay and dialogues as the original version, and the producers did not seek permission to remake his film. However, the court dismissed the case, concluding that the remake did not have the same screenplay as the original version, allowing it to release on 14 June.

</doc>
<doc id="36787502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787502" title="Kolettis">
Kolettis

Kolettis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36787595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787595" title="Varty">
Varty

Varty is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36787598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787598" title="Rajahmundry Central Prison">
Rajahmundry Central Prison

Rajahmundry Central Prison is a prison located in Rajahmundry, India.
History.
In 1602, the Dutch constructed a fort in Rajahmundry. The British empire converted it into a jail in 1864, and then elevated it to a central jail in 1870. The jail is spread over out of which the buildings occupy .
In 2012, a few lawmakers proposed shifting of the jail from its present location to a new site in Jaggampeta. As per the proposal, the existing property was to be utilised for public amenities. 20 acres of land was towards construction of a sport stadium, 120 acres for the new campus of Nannayya University, and rest of the land going towards providing housing for the poor. This proposal met with criticism from other lawmakers that represented this region.
Facilities.
The jail trains the convicts in making furniture and other crafts. In 2008, it was reported that the jail improved the literacy rate of its inmates. About 240 prisoners graduated from the prison. The prison administration offers vocational courses and legal services to the prisoners. The inmates are allowed to sell fruits and vegetables while serving their time. On one occasion, they raised through the sale proceeds.
In 2011, the University Grants Commission and a regional Gandhian Studies Center began offering a three-month certificate course in Gandhian philosophy to the male prisoners of the jail. During the launch of this course, the jail authorities said that they placed priority on educating the prisoners. The jail also offers the opportunity for further education through the Andhra Pradesh Open University.
To improve the facilities at this prison, the central government sanctioned for the renovation of central jail using funds from the thirteenth Finance Commission (2010—2015). The funds were planned to be utilised towards construction of a kitchen, a 100-bed hospital, barracks and workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="36787603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787603" title="Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's middleweight">
Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's middleweight

The men's middleweight boxing competition at the 1948 Olympic Games in London was held from 7 to 13 August at the Empress Hall in Earl's Court and the Wembley Arena.
Competition format.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. The competition began with a preliminary round on 7 August, where the number of competitors was reduced to 16, and concluded with a final on 13 August. As there were less than 32 boxers in the competition, a number of boxers received a bye for the preliminary round. All bouts consisted of three periods where the boxers received points for every successful punch they land on their opponent's head or upper body. The boxer with the most points at the end of the bouts wins. If a boxer is knocked to the ground and cannot get up before the referee counts to 10 then the bout is over and the opponent wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36787622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787622" title="Josip Mišić">
Josip Mišić

Josip Mišić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36787623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787623" title="German submarine U-335">
German submarine U-335

German submarine "U-335" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 3 January 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 207, launched on 15 October and commissioned on 17 December under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hans-Herman Pilkner.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, she moved to the 6th flotilla for front-line service in August 1942.
The boat's one and only patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 30 July 1942. Atlantic-bound, she was intercepted and sunk by the British submarine southeast of the Faroe Islands on 3 August.
Forty-three men died; there was one survivor.

</doc>
<doc id="36787625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787625" title="Mr. Keegan's Elopement">
Mr. Keegan's Elopement

Mr. Keegan's Elopement is a short story published by American writer Winston Churchill in June 1896 in "The Century Magazine". His first published story, it was republished in book format by Churchill's publisher Macmillan in June 1903 following the success of his first three novels, especially 1899's "Richard Carvel".

</doc>
<doc id="36787666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787666" title="Death discography">
Death discography

The discography of Death, a metal band, consists of seven studio albums, four live albums. Death was an American metal band founded in 1983. The band's founder, Chuck Schuldiner, is considered "a pioneering force in death metal and grindcore". The band ceased to exist after Schuldiner died of brain cancer in 2001, though it remains an enduring metal brand.
As of 2008, Death had sold over 2 million albums worldwide, with over 500,000 copies sold by December 2009 in the U.S. alone (excluding the numerous sales before the SoundScan era) making them the top-selling death metal band worldwide, and only topped in the U.S. by Cannibal Corpse.

</doc>
<doc id="36787677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787677" title="Scarub">
Scarub

Armon Collins, better known by his stage name Scarub, is an underground hip hop artist from Los Angeles, California. He is a member of the Living Legends collective.
He has been a member of Log Cabin, 3 Melancholy Gypsys, and Afro Classics.
History.
Scarub released "The California EP" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36787692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787692" title="La Lucila del Mar">
La Lucila del Mar

La Lucila del Mar is a town in the La Costa Partido of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36787710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787710" title="Varughese">
Varughese

Varughese is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36787713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787713" title="Rudy Vaughn">
Rudy Vaughn

Rudy Vaughn Brannon (born August 28, 1980) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and recording artist.
Biography.
Born in Galesburg, Illinois and raised in Indianapolis, Indiana, he graduated from University of Kentucky with a Bachelors of Music Degree, emphasis on jazz saxophone. He moved to Atlanta in 2003 where he developed as a singer and songwriter and founded Melody Lane Studios. In 2009, he successfully lobbied the Rudy Vaughn Band to win Hard Rock Calling’s American national battle of the bands, performing in London on the bill with Bruce Springsteen, The Killers, Dave Matthews Band, Neil Young, James Morrison and Ben Harper in front of 100,000 people.
Media appearances.
Vaughn has been featured on CNN International, Fox News, Downbeat and OZ magazine, as well as a featured recording artist, songwriter and performer for organizations such as Catalyst, Drive, and Orange Conference, INO records, Chick- Fil-A, 12Stone and Northpoint Churches, ReThink.org, and touring nationally with event band The A-Town A-List.

</doc>
<doc id="36787722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787722" title="Miss Mauritius">
Miss Mauritius

The Miss Mauritius pageant is a beauty contest held in the Mauritius for young women between the ages of 17-26 and has been held every year since 1970. The contestants include "Miss Rodrigues" and the winners of the contest are selected for Mauritius entrant in the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss International, Miss Intercontinental and Miss Earth.
Titleholders.
Traditionally, the winner of Miss Mauritius represents her country at Miss Universe. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.
Lists of Miss Mauritius at International pageants.
The winner of Miss Mauritius represents her country at Miss Universe and the runner-up participate in Miss World, Miss International and other pageants. For Miss Earth, the official candidate will be selecting by Miss Earth Mauritius pageant. In 2013 Mauritius will debut at the Miss Supranational pageant organized by Ameeksha Dilchand as National Director in Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="36787726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787726" title="Varul">
Varul

Varul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36787729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787729" title="2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool 1">
2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool 1

Pool 1 of the Second Round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic was held at Petco Park, San Diego, California, United States from March 15 to 19, 2009.
Like the first round, Pool 1 was a double-elimination tournament. The final two teams played against each other for seeding and both advanced to the semifinals.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36787748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787748" title="Angus Robertson Fulton">
Angus Robertson Fulton

Angus Robertson Fulton (1871–1958) was a Scottish Engineer and Academic who served as 'Interim' Principal of University College Dundee for seven years.
Life and career.
Angus Fulton was born and raised in Dundee. In 1903 he matriculated at University College, Dundee, which was then a part of the University of St Andrews, graduating with B.Sc.1907 After graduation he joined the college's engineering department as an assistant to Professor Thomas Claxton Fidler. In 1920, he became Professor of Engineering and Drawing, a post he held until his retirement in 1946. In 1939 he was appointed as the acting principal of University College, a post he held until 1946. the historian of the University of Dundee, Donald Southgate describes him as modest in character.
Archives and legacy.
Some of Professor Fulton's papers are held by Archive Services, University of Dundee. The University's Fulton Building, which houses School of Engineering, Physics and Maths is named for him and was opened in 1964.
His sons' both followed in their father's footstetps. John Fulton, Baron Fulton was also a university administrator, holding a variety of senior positions in academia. Angus Anderson Fulton was a noted engineer and graduate of University College who served as Dundee Corporation water engineer.
His daughter Dr Annie Alexander Fulton (1898-1977)was an instructor at the Medical School at University College, Dundee from 1926 to 1930 and again from 1944. She also served as Assistant Medical Officer of Health for Kirkcaldy.

</doc>
<doc id="36787763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787763" title="S P Hinduja">
S P Hinduja

Srichand P. Hinduja (born 28 November 1935) is an Indian-origin business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is Britain's wealthiest man and is considered one of the most successful Asians of the 20th century. He is the primary shareholder and chairman of Hinduja Group of Companies. Since the 1990s, he has been consistently ranked among the UK's and Asia's wealthiest people. In May 2014, Hinduja topped the Sunday Times Rich List with an estimated wealth of GBP 11.9 billion ($ 20.04 billion). Based on the rich list compiled by Asian Media & Marketing Group, Hinduja's wealth is estimated at GBP 13.5 billion ($ 22.7 billion). The Forbes List in June 2014 ranked him as the world's 94th richest billionaire with an estimated wealth of $ 12.3 billion.
Family.
Alongside his younger brothers Gopichand, Prakash, and Ashok Hinduja is known as the patriarch of India's "fab four". Hinduja is married and has two daughters.
Early life.
Hinduja was born in 1935 in Shikarpur, present-day Pakistan, as the second son of Parmanand and Jamuna Hinduja.
Early business career.
Hinduja began his career in his father's textile and trading businesses in Mumbai, India, and Tehran, Iran. One of his first big coups, in the early 1960s, was the acquisition of the overseas rights to the Indian blockbuster Sangam (film). Hinduja distributed and promoted the film in Middle Eastern markets and the film's unexpected success earned him millions in revenues. Other successful businesses Hinduja initiated in his early career included the sale of food commodities (onions and potatoes) and iron ore from India to Iran.
Business career 1980-2000s.
With the acquisition of Ashok Leyland (from British Leyland) and Gulf Oil (from Chevron) in the 1980s and the establishment of banks in Switzerland and India in the 1990s, Hinduja became one of India's well-known successful business tycoons alongside leading names in business such as Tata, Birla, and Ambani. In 2012, the Group acquired a 100% stake in the U.S. firm Houghton International, the world's largest metal fluids manufacturer, for $ 1.045 billion.
Business approach.
Hinduja's business approach is conservative and opportunist, investing in diversified business sectors ranging from oil & gas, banking & finance, and IT to real estate, energy & chemicals, power, and media & entertainment.
Wealth.
Hinduja is the United Kingdom's wealthiest person, with an estimated wealth of GBP 11.9 billion ($ 20.04 billion) according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2014. 
As of June 2014, Forbes ranks Hinduja as the 94th richest person in the world, with a net worth of $ 12.3 billion. This makes him the 6th wealthiest Indian-origin business magnate in the world. 
In 2013, Financial Times reported that Lakshmi Mittal had lost the top spot as the UK's wealthiest Asian to SP Hinduja. Based on the rich list compiled by Asian Media & Marketing Group, Hinduja's wealth is estimated at GBP 12.5 billion ($ 21.05 billion).
The October issue of Forbes Life estimates the Hinduja home in London's Carlton House Terrace down the Mall from Buckingham Palace to be worth $ 500 million, making it the 3rd most expensive private home in the world. 
Personal.
Hinduja is a teetotaler and a strict vegetarian. He is known to bring his own vegetarian food to the Queen's dining banquets at Buckingham Palace.

</doc>
<doc id="36787765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787765" title="Magnetostatic loudspeaker">
Magnetostatic loudspeaker

A Magnetostatic loudspeaker is a dipole loudspeaker that is quite similar to electrostatic loudspeakers but instead of using high voltages it uses high currents. There is a thin film that moves to create sound.
Properties.
Because its dipole structure, this kind of speaker creates sound mostly to front- and backside of speaker. That's why room's echoes doesn't bother so much than in case of traditional speakers. 
The impedance of a magnetostatic speaker may be so low that amplifiers have to be ready to feed low impedance. 
The sound quality about current loudspeaker type is respected but its physical dimensions are big.
It is recommended not to install speakers back side very near to wall because ability to create low frequences would weaken.

</doc>
<doc id="36787770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787770" title="Micronesian parliamentary election, 2003">
Micronesian parliamentary election, 2003

Parliamentary elections were held in the Federated States of Micronesia on 4 March 2003. As there were no political parties, all 28 candidates ran as independents. Four candidates were elected unopposed.
Electoral system.
At the time of the election, Congress consisted of 14 members, of which 10 were elected for two-year terms and four elected for four-year terms. The 2003 elections were for both types of seats.

</doc>
<doc id="36787799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787799" title="Mike Richards (cyclist)">
Mike Richards (cyclist)

Michael (Mike) Richards (born 1958) is a track cyclist from New Zealand. 
At the 1976 Summer Olympics at Montreal he came 9th in the 4000m individual pursuit. 
He is a brother of cyclist Jamie Richards who also competed at the 1976 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36787875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787875" title="Micronesian general election, 2001">
Micronesian general election, 2001

Parliamentary elections were held in the Federated States of Micronesia on 6 March 2001. As there were no political parties, all 18 candidates ran as independents. Four candidates were elected unopposed.
Electoral system.
At the time of the election, Congress consisted of 14 members, of which 10 were elected for two-year terms and four elected for four-year terms. The 2001 elections were for the ten two-year seats.

</doc>
<doc id="36787876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787876" title="Novotel Saint Petersburg Centre">
Novotel Saint Petersburg Centre

Novotel Saint Petersburg Centre (Russian: Новотель Санкт-Петербург Центр) is a 4-star standardized hotel that operates under the brand Novotel by Accor Group and was opened in 2005. The hotel is located at 3 Mayakovskogo ul., Saint Petersburg, Russia. Every room in the hotel has a different shape due to the complicated nature of the building architecture. It is the only hotel in the city centre with its own ground parking lot suitable for tourist buses as well as cars. For its environmental policy it has been called 'the greenest hotel in the city'.
Location.
The hotel is located in the historical centre of the city, at 3 Mayakovskogo ul., 100 metres from Nevsky Prospect – the main street of Saint Petersburg. The nearest metro station is Mayakovskaya. 
History.
The Novotel Saint Petersburg Centre complex was constructed in 2004, part of a municipal renovation project 'Quartier (city block) 130'. The project included dividing the city block into four spaces, each one to be occupied by a separate building, every building designed in its own way but all of them united by one architectural idea, thus constituting an ensemble. Two such spaces were sold to Accor Hotels, and a two-building complex was built. The hotel itself opened for business in 2005.
Architectural project.
The project was developed by Mamoshin Architectural Studio as a part of complex development plan ‘Quartier 130’. The Quartier 130 ensemble draws largely from classical Italian architecture, Renaissance being one of the main themes. The hotel complex consists of two buildings connected via a 3-storey gallery. Contemporary style and modern materials intertwine with classical shapes and conservative stone finish in this monumental structure, clearly inspired by Ancient Rome. Some critics, however, have suggested that the complex is too massive and its image lacks the much desired lightness of spirit.
Facilities.
The 9-storey hotel offers 233 rooms (including 16 suites), 9 meeting rooms, high speed Wi-Fi Internet access free of charge, fitness centre with Turkish steam bath, massage services, concierge services, exchange office, ATM machine. There is also free parking for guests. 

</doc>
<doc id="36787878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787878" title="Silver Cord Cascade">
Silver Cord Cascade

Silver Cord Cascade is a horsetail type waterfall on Surface Creek, a tributary of the Yellowstone River in Yellowstone National Park. Surface Creek flows out of Ribbon Lake off the South rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone and plunges to the Yellowstone River. It is considered the tallest waterfall in Yellowstone.
Silver Cord Cascade was first described by members of the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition as Silverthread Falls.
Samuel Hauser and Benjamin Stickney, members of the Washburn Expedition are credited with the name Silverthread Falls. In 1883, Philetus Norris, then park superintendent, renamed the falls Sliding Cascade. However, in 1885 the official name, Silver Cord Cascade, was bestowed on the falls by the Arnold Hague Geological Survey.
The brink of the falls can be reached via the Clear Lake-Ribbon Lake trail, while the falls can be viewed from the North rim of the canyon off the Sevenmile Hole trail.

</doc>
<doc id="36787879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787879" title="Jarrett Williams">
Jarrett Williams

Jarrett Brandon Williams (September 8, 1984) is an American comic book creator.
Williams currently writes and illustrates the "Super Pro K.O.!" graphic novel series through comic publisher, Oni Press.
Early life and school.
Williams was raised in New Orleans, LA. His first exposure to comics came from the Time Picayune newspaper comic strip section. As a child, Williams was fairly introverted and loved drawing, reading, legoes, and playing video games. Williams frequented the Crescent City Comic Shop in New Orleans where he was first exposed to comics.
Williams attended the New Orleans Center for the Creative Arts where he graduated in the school’s Visual Arts Program. In 2002, he enrolled into the Savannah College of Art and Design where he received his Bachelor of Fine Arts in Sequential Art in 2006 and his Master of Fine Arts in Sequential Art in 2010.
Career.
Williams worked primarily on his first web-comic, Lunar Boy Land, while in college from 2003 to 2007. He updated the comic every Monday and Wednesday. He eventually collected Lunar Boy into two graphic novel collections 
Super Pro K.O.!
In 2008, Williams stopped working on Lunar Boy, in order to develop a pro-wrestling comic called Super Pro K.O.!. A pro-wrestling fan from young, the comic was a way to challenge if he could draw anything besides Lunar Boy and all-ages types of stories. He wanted to develop a comic devoted to pro-wrestling that also drew upon his own experiences in the comic industry. S.P.K.O. was originally planned to be a web-comic but Williams began to stretch out the concept even further into a graphic novel series. Williams began bringing mini-comics of Super Pro K.O.! to comic conventions on the east and west coasts throughout 2008 and 2009 which eventually got into the hands of Oni Press editors.
Style and influences.
Williams' style is a hybrid of classic American-based comic storytelling and manga which influenced him during his teenage years.
Williams was hugely influenced by comics books such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Williams also sites numerous newspaper comic strips such as Curtis, Peanuts, and Calvin and Hobbes as influences. Manga such as Ranma ½, Sailor Moon, and Dragon Ball also influenced him. Williams also draws inspiration from numerous video games.

</doc>
<doc id="36787896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787896" title="Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House">
Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House

The Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, were built in 1913 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. They was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings on .

</doc>
<doc id="36787906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787906" title="Stig Ossian Ericson">
Stig Ossian Ericson

Stig Ossian Ericson (7 September 1923 - 30 July 2012) was a Swedish actor, director, and screenwriter.
Ericson was born in 1923 in Härnösand, but grew up in Nyköping. Graduating at the University of Uppsala where he had been involved in various theatrical performances at the Södermanlands-Nerikes nation, he began his professional career as a mathematics teacher. He changed into the theater track in the early 1960s when he participated in the "Snudd" revue at the Casino Theatre in Stockholm. He later worked with Hans Alfredson and Tage Danielsson, Bo Widerberg and Beppe Wolgers.
He is probably best known as "Sigurd" in the Swedish block buster Göta kanal eller Vem drog ur proppen?, "lillebror's" father in Astrid Lindgren's Karlsson på taket, and in the 1990s as "Father Fouras" in the Swedish version of French game show Fort Boyard.
Ericson died in 2012, at the age of 88, in Nacka east of Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="36787930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787930" title="Jasper Sanfilippo">
Jasper Sanfilippo

Jasper Sanfilippo is an American businessman who was Chief Executive Officer of the nut processing company John B. Sanfilippo and Son, Inc, of Elk Grove Village, Illinois. He is also known for his museum collection, Sanfilippo Place de la Musique, at his home and estate.

</doc>
<doc id="36787935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787935" title="Thomas Gooding Water Tank House">
Thomas Gooding Water Tank House

The Thomas Gooding Water Tank House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, was built in 1919 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36787948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787948" title="Tonyahaber">
Tonyahaber

Tonyahaber is a Turkish monthly newspaper founded and continuously published in Tonya since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36787953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787953" title="2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool A">
2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool A

Pool A of the First Round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic was held at Tokyo Dome, Tokyo, Japan from March 5 to 9, 2009.
Pool A was a double-elimination tournament. The winners for the first games matched up in the second game, while the losers faced each other in an elimination game. The winner of the elimination game then played the loser of the non-elimination game in another elimination game. The remaining two teams then played each other to determine seeding for the Pool 1.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36787955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787955" title="Louis Johnson Water Tank House">
Louis Johnson Water Tank House

The Louis Johnson Water Tank House near Richfield, Idaho, United States, was built in 1910 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36787963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787963" title="Frederiksholms Kanal">
Frederiksholms Kanal

Frederiksholms Kanal (Danish: Frederiksholm Canal) is a canal in central Copenhagen, Denmark, which runs along the south-west side of Slotsholmen, together with Slotholmens Kanal separating the island from Zealand. The name also applies to the continuation of Rådhusstræde which follows the canal for most of its course, first on its south side and for the last stretch, from Prinsens Bro and to the waterfront, on both sides of the canal. Several historic buildings face the canal, ranging in size from Prince's Mansion, now housing National Museum, and Christiansborg's riding grounds to the diminutive Stable Boy's House, part of Civiletatens Materialgård, a former storage facility now used by the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts's School of Sculpture.
History.
The canal traces its history back to the extension of Copenhagen's West Rampart following the Assault on Copenhagen in 1659 which had taken place there. To better protect Slotsholmen, at that time home both to the royal palace and the fleet, the West Rampart was extended well into the sea. The shallow-watered area between the extended rampart and Slotsholmen was filled to form a district which was given the name Frederiksholm. Frederiksholm Canal was dug out in 1681.
Buildings.
The two storage facilities.
Part of the new Frederiksholm area was used for the storage of building materials which were used in the construction work, both military and civilian, which was constantly ongoing in the expanding city. Many materials arrived by ship and the location next to the canal where they could moor was therefore convenient. There was also a sandpit where dredger deposited sand used for constructions around the city.
The military storage facility Fæstningens Materialgård was established shortly after Frederiksholm Canal had been dug but none of the original buildings exist today. The buildings remaining today are arranged around a central courtyard. The oldest of them is the Storage Keeper's House from 1740. The military storage facility was joined by Civiletatens Materialgård in 1771, a civilian storage facility, consisting of a small cluster of yellow-washed buildings.
Royal Horse Guards Barracks.
in 1792 followed the Royal Horse Guards Barracks. They were built on a strip of land formerly part of Civiletatens Materialgård. The barracks were hit by a fire in 1798 but rebuilt and after the Royal Horse Guards were disbanded and served as Artillery Barracks.
Town houses.
Further inland, the Frederiksholm area was built over with residential buildings. The most prominent of these is Prince's Mansion, originally built in 1681 but expanded and adapted for use as a residence for two consecutive crown princes in the middle of the 18th century.
Barchmann Mansion was built in 1741 and originally rented out to foreign diplomats.
Bridges.
Frederiksholm Canal is spanned by four bridges, including Storm Bridge which separates it from Slotsholmen Canal. The latter is named for the storming of the city in 1659 which led to the construction of the canal. A double arch bridge built in stone and connecting Zealand-side Stormgade to Vindebrogade on Slotsholmen, the current bridge was constructed in 1914 to a design by Martin Nyrop from 1898.
The most notable bridge crossing the canal is Marble Bridge which provides access to Christiansborg riding grounds.. The old main entrance and one of few surviving features of the first Christiansborg Palace which burned in 1794, the bridge was constructed from 1739 to 1745 with Nicolai Eigtved as principal architect.
Prinsens Bro ("Prince's Bridge"), also known as Tøjhusbro ("Arsenal Bridge") after Christian IV's Arsenal on Slotsholmen, connects Ny Kongensgade to Tøjhusgade. The first bridge at the site was constructed in 1682 but the present one dates from the 20th century.
Bryghusbro ("Brewhouse Bridge") spans the mouth of the bridge, between Christian IV's Brewhouse and the Brewhouse Site. It is a bascule bridge built in 1935 and originally also carried railway tracks for the harbour rail line but they were removed in 1972. It received its current name in 1963.
Ships.
The canal is home to a couple of large house boats. The most distinctive of these is Lightvessel No. XI, originally built in 1878 and later altered several times before it was decommissioned and sold in 1977, after 99 years of service at various positions. The buyer was artist and designer Bo Bofils who adapted it for use as a house boat and moved it to its current location. A sister ship, Lightvessel No. XVII "Gedser Rev", is owned by the National Museum and is based in Nyhavn where it serves as a museum ship.

</doc>
<doc id="36787985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787985" title="Myers School">
Myers School

The Myers School near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, was built in 1910 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36787998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36787998" title="Sid Michaels Kavulich">
Sid Michaels Kavulich

Sid Michaels Kavulich is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was first elected in 2010, and was sworn-in on January 4, 2011. He serves on the Aging & Older Adult Services, Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Commerce, and the Finance Committees. 

</doc>
<doc id="36788004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788004" title="2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool B">
2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool B

Pool B of the First Round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic was held at Foro Sol, Mexico City, Mexico from March 8 to 12, 2009.
Pool B was a double-elimination tournament. The winners for the first games matched up in the second game, while the losers faced each other in an elimination game. The winner of the elimination game then played the loser of the non-elimination game in another elimination game. The remaining two teams then played each other to determine seeding for the Pool 1.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36788010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788010" title="Agnes Arvidsson">
Agnes Arvidsson

"Agnes" Hildegard Arvidsson (1875-1962), was a Swedish Pharmacist. She was the first Swedish Pharmacist of her gender to have obtained a degree pharmacology (1903). However, Märta Leth did obtain a Bachelor's degree in pharmacology in 1897, and by the time Arvidsson acquired her degree, there were already in fact 30 female pharmacists in Sweden. 
Arvidson served as an apprentice at the Pharmacy Lejonet in Malmö, took her Bachelor's degree in 1901 and her degree at Farmaceutiska institutet 17 September 1903. Women were expressly allowed to become pharmacists in 1891. In 1928, Arvidsson became the manager of her own Pharmacy, and could be considered the first of her gender in that position as well: while widows had always been allowed to manage pharmacies after having inherited the license from their late spouses, Arvidsson was the first female pharmacy manager to have acquired her license herself. She manage the Norsjö Pharmacy in 1928-1933 and the Mellerud Pharmacy in 1933-1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36788027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788027" title="J. W. and Rachel Newman House and Bunkhouse">
J. W. and Rachel Newman House and Bunkhouse

The J. W. and Rachel Newman House and Bunkhouse near Jerome, Idaho was built in 1920 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36788051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788051" title="Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's light heavyweight">
Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's light heavyweight

The men's light heavyweight boxing competition at the 1948 Olympic Games in London was held from 9 to 13 August at the Empress Hall in Earl's Court and the Wembley Arena.
Competition format.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. The competition began with a preliminary round on 9 August, where the number of competitors was reduced to 16, and concluded with a final on 13 August. As there were less than 32 boxers in the competition, a number of boxers received a bye for the preliminary round. All bouts consisted of three periods where the boxers received points for every successful punch they land on their opponent's head or upper body. The boxer with the most points at the end of the bouts wins. If a boxer is knocked to the ground and cannot get up before the referee counts to 10 then the bout is over and the opponent wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36788053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788053" title="Bill Baddeley">
Bill Baddeley

He was born in Shropshire on 20 March 1914, the brother of Hermione Baddeley and Angela Baddeley; and educated at Durham University. After a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon he was ordained in 1946. 
After a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon he was curate of St Luke, Camberwell and St Anne, Wandsworth and held incumbencies in Bournemouth and St Pancras before becoming dean of Brisbane. On his return to England he was Rector of St James's, Piccadilly from 1967 to 1980.
He died on 31 May 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36788055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788055" title="Scott Block Theatre">
Scott Block Theatre

The Scott Block Theatre (also known as The Scott Block) is a theatre in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada. It is located downtown. It was remodelled in 2010 to host a monthly show called the Red Deer Cabaret. It has hosted a variety of plays, including Cathleen Rootseart's "Choke", Andrew Kooman's "She Has a Name", and Alexandra Mihill's "Dead Lover's Day". It has also hosted concerts by a variety of artists, including Into Eternity, Anvil, Titans Eve, and Day One. The Scott Block Theatre has hosted competitions, such as Scriptease, a theatre competition; and the Bikram Yoga Alberta Regional Championships, a yoga competition. Comedian Roman Danylo has performed at the theatre as well.

</doc>
<doc id="36788076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788076" title="Jayendra Panchapakesan">
Jayendra Panchapakesan

Jayendra Panchapakesan (March 21, 1958 – Present) started as a writer in advertising in 1978; turned ad-film maker in 1986; produced and directed over 600 ad-films for clients in India and overseas. He conceived and directed India's first concert film Margazhi Raagam in 2008. Later, he co-scripted and directed the bilingual feature film 180 (produced by Sathyam Cinemas and Aghal Films). 
With Senthil Kumar, he co-founded Real Image Media Technologies and Qube Cinema. He is also accredited with the invention of QJam, a digital jukebox system.
Jayendra is also committed to social work as a trustee of Bhoomika Trust, Mahesh Memorial Trust, Altius Foundation and Jeevan Blood Bank. He is also closely associated with The Banyan, Sankara Eye Hospital (in Coimbatore, India) and Child (a home for HIV-positive children in Chennai, India). Further, he conceived True Gifts, a Bhoomika Trust gifting initiative that brings satisfaction to the gift givers and receivers while benefitting the needy.
Career.
Advertising.
J S Films.
In 1986, Jayendra teamed up with P.C. Sreeram to start JS Films. At a time when most agencies went to Mumbai to create their advertising films, it seemed like a crazy move for someone to start an ad film production house in Chennai. The urge to create and to prove that talent existed here and that there was no need for our agencies to look elsewhere was so large that it provided the courage to start the venture. Within a year, JS was handling productions from top ad agencies from Mumbai, Delhi and Ahmedabad. The tables were suddenly turned. Agencies were turning to Chennai to create their ads. The brands who turned to Chennai for their films include Rasna, Vimal, Brooke Bond, MRF, Apollo Tyres, Pepsodent, Fair and Lovely, Bajaj, Hero, LIC and Complan to mention a few. Each one of JS’ clients came back for more because it created advertising that worked. The firm believed that ads need to be created for the products to capture market share rather than awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36788083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788083" title="Trans-activating crRNA">
Trans-activating crRNA

In molecular biology, trans-activating crRNA (tracrRNA) is a small "trans"-encoded RNA. It was first discovered in the human pathogen "Streptococcus pyogenes". In bacteria and archaea, CRISPR/Cas (clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats/CRISPR-associated proteins) constitute an RNA-mediated defense system which protects against viruses and plasmids. This defensive pathway has three steps. First a copy of the invading nucleic acid is integrated into the CRISPR locus. Next, CRISPR RNAs (crRNAs) are transcribed from this CRISPR locus. The crRNAs are then incorporated into effector complexes, where the crRNA guides the complex to the invading nucleic acid and the Cas proteins degrade this nucleic acid. There are several pathways of CRISPR activation, one of which requires a tracrRNA which plays a role in the maturation of crRNA. TracrRNA is complementary to and base pairs with a pre-crRNA forming an RNA duplex. This is cleaved by RNase III, an RNA-specific ribonuclease, to form a crRNA/tracrRNA hybrid. This hybrid acts as a guide for the endonuclease Cas9, which cleaves the invading nucleic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="36788102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788102" title="Wooden Church, Criştelec">
Wooden Church, Criştelec

The Wooden Church () was a church in Criştelec, Romania, built in 1785 and demolished in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="36788120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788120" title="Charuulata 2011">
Charuulata 2011

Charuulata 2011 is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee. This film is based on Rabindranath Tagore's Nashtanir.
Plot.
Chaiti is a young beautiful woman and wife of newspaper editor Bikramjit. Bikramjit is a workaholic and always stay busy with his editorial works. In spite of being a highly educated woman, Chaiti has nothing to do and she spends her time with expensive saris, filing nails, watching TV.
Thus unhappy with her marriage and after an unfortunate miscarriage Chaiti befriends Amal to find a friendly company. Amal is good looking and adventurous. From Amal's point of view Chaiti is "Charulata 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="36788124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788124" title="Wooden Church, Porţ">
Wooden Church, Porţ

The Wooden Church () is a church in Porţ, Romania, built in 1792.

</doc>
<doc id="36788134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788134" title="Arthur D. Silva Water Tank">
Arthur D. Silva Water Tank

The Arthur D. Silva Water Tank near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, was built in 1910. It was a work of sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah; it is also a work of Pete Duffy & Sons. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36788154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788154" title="2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool C">
2009 World Baseball Classic – Pool C

Pool C of the First Round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic was held at Rogers Centre, Toronto, Canada from March 7 to 11, 2009.
Pool C was a double-elimination tournament. The winners for the first games matched up in the second game, while the losers faced each other in an elimination game. The winner of the elimination game then played the loser of the non-elimination game in another elimination game. The remaining two teams then played each other to determine seeding for the Pool 2.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36788158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788158" title="Vysoky (inhabited locality)">
Vysoky (inhabited locality)

Vysoky (; masculine), Vysokaya (; feminine), or Vysokoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Modern localities.
Amur Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Amur Oblast bear this name:
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Bashkortostan bears this name:
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Belgorod Oblast bear this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Bryansk Oblast bear this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Chelyabinsk Oblast bears this name:
Kaliningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Kaliningrad Oblast bear this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Kaluga Oblast bear this name:
Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug.
As of 2010, one urban locality in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug bears this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kirov Oblast bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Krasnodar Krai.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Krasnodar Krai bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kursk Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Mordovia.
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Republic of Mordovia bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Murmansk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Murmansk Oblast bears this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bears this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2012, six rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, nine rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Penza Oblast bears this name:
Primorsky Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Primorsky Krai bears this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Rostov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Rostov Oblast bears this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Ryazan Oblast bear this name:
Sakhalin Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Sakhalin Oblast bears this name:
Samara Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Samara Oblast bears this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Saratov Oblast bears this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, ten rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Sverdlovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Sverdlovsk Oblast bears this name:
Tomsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tomsk Oblast bears this name:
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, six rural localities in Tula Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, twenty rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, eleven rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Voronezh Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Voronezh Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="36788178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788178" title="Mooru guttu ondu sullu ondu nija">
Mooru guttu ondu sullu ondu nija

Mooru guttu ondu sullu ondu nija is a 2009 Kannada movie directed by Dinesh Babu. The film stars Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles. Komal, Asha Latha, Sharan appear in supporting roles.
Plot.
This is a less expensive comedy movies with the overall movie being shot in a single house. The movie starts with the family having four children with komal as eldest son and three girls. The overall movie is drama taking place in house in one day. The parents are scheduled to a one day trip to Tirupati. The children knowing about it the elder three children inform their lovers to come to their home.
But the comedy starts when their aunt comes to sleep in their home. The lovers are supposed to hide in their rooms so that they don't fall in eyes of other siblings and aunt. After sometime the appu (Ramesh Aravind) arrives with some relational links and sleeps in their home. He visits each of the children's room and the interesting is to watch how each of them hide their lovers in their home. Finally, when next day when parents arrive various truth are brought in front of them with some feelings.

</doc>
<doc id="36788181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788181" title="A Face in the Crowd (novella)">
A Face in the Crowd (novella)

A Face in the Crowd is a novella by Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan, originally published as an e-book on August 21, 2012, as well as an audiobook, read by Craig Wasson.
Background information.
Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan had previously collaborated in 2004 on a non-fiction book "Faithful", chronicling the 2004 Boston Red Sox season. In "Faithful", during a discussion about watching baseball on television, King posits an idea for a story entitled "Spectators", which later evolved into "A Face in the Crowd":
Later, when speaking and reading an excerpt from his work in progress novel "Doctor Sleep" at the Savannah Book Festival, in Savannah, Georgia on February 19, 2012, King mentioned the same idea again. After describing the gist of it, King said he did not know how the story ended, so he told the audience, "I'm gonna give this story to you, you guys write it." Incidentally, Stewart O'Nan was in the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="36788193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788193" title="William James and Edna Cordner House">
William James and Edna Cordner House

The William James and Edna Cordner House at 440 S. State St. in Orem, Utah was built c.1898. It has also been known as Planted Earth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998.
William Cordner, who built the house, was a fruit grower.

</doc>
<doc id="36788210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788210" title="La sceriffa">
La sceriffa

La sceriffa ("The Sheriff") is a 1959 Italian Western comedy in black-and-white, directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero. It stars Italian comedy star Ugo Tognazzi. It is considered one of the earliest Spaghetti Western films. It was released on 16 August 1959. The film starred several comedians and spawned a number of western comedies which followed.
Plot.
A sheriff is killed and his widow (Tina Pica) takes up his job to find the killers.

</doc>
<doc id="36788217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788217" title="907th Airlift Group">
907th Airlift Group

The 907th Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 445th Airlift Wing, based at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. It was inactivated on 1 October 1994.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 907th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 907th TCG was one of two C-119 groups assigned to the 302d TCW in 1963, the other being the 906th Troop Carrier Group also at Clinton County AFB. Replaced C-119s with C-123 Provider assault transport in 1967, began training with special operations forces when parent 302d Tactical Airlift Wing was redesignated as a Special Operations Wing in 1970. Inactivated in 1975 as part of post-Vietnam War drawdown.
Reactivated in 1981 as an UC-123K Provider aerial spraying unit, deployed frequently to Panama and Central America. Retired the C-123s in 1982, however retained four aircraft to spay for insects until June 1986. Tail Code was "NT". Was re-equipped with early-model C-130A Hercules transports, flying tactical airlift missions to support Tactical Air Command. Re-equipped with newer C-130E models from 337th TAS at Westover AFB in 1987.
Moved to Wright-Patterson AFB in 1993 and upgraded to a C-141 Starlifter heavy intercontinental airlift unit, C-130s being transferred to 731st TAS at Peterson AFB. Flew intercontinental airlift missions from WPAFB in support of Military Airlift Command. 
Personnel and equipment reassigned to 445th AW after inactivation in October 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36788222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788222" title="Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's heavyweight">
Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's heavyweight

The men's heavyweight boxing competition at the 1948 Olympic Games in London was held from 9 to 13 August at the Empress Hall in Earl's Court and the Wembley Arena.
Competition format.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. The competition began with a preliminary round on 9 August, where the number of competitors was reduced to 16, and concluded with a final on 13 August. As there were less than 32 boxers in the competition, a number of boxers received a bye for the preliminary round. All bouts consisted of three periods where the boxers received points for every successful punch they land on their opponent's head or upper body. The boxer with the most points at the end of the bouts wins. If a boxer is knocked to the ground and cannot get up before the referee counts to 10 then the bout is over and the opponent wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36788232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788232" title="Machete (musical instrument)">
Machete (musical instrument)

The machete (, sometimes improperly transliterated as "machete de braga") is a small stringed instrument from Madeira, Portugal. The instrument has four metal strings, in contrast to its sightly larger cousin the machete de rajão which has five metal strings. The machete is believed to be the immediate predecessor of the ukulele, being introduced to Hawaii by Portuguese immigrants in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36788255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788255" title="Münzregal">
Münzregal

The Münzregal was the sovereign right of coinage, in the Middle Ages in the Holy Roman Empire, in other words the right to issue regulations governing the production and use of coins. It covered the specification of currency, the right to mint and the right to use coins and the profit from minting. It is variously referred to in English sources as the "right of coinage", "coinage regality", "regality of coinage", "minting privileges" and "coinage prerogative". It was one of the regalia, or royal privileges.
History.
Since the time of Charlemagne the "Münzregal" under the Frankish crown, was based on the practice of ancient Rome which exerted a strong central authority. The royal administration was also responsible for the construction and operation of the mints, the standard of coinage and the coinage.
With the sharp upturn in the economy from the 9th century, the "Münzrecht", often associated with customs and market rights, was delegated to ecclesiastical rulers, mainly bishops. From the 11th century, it was also granted to secular princes, and later to towns or cities.
With the Golden Bull of 1356 were the "Münzregal" and the often closely associated mining rights or "Bergregal" were transferred to the prince electors. In 1648, other imperial estates ("Reichsstände") were granted the "Münzregal". Nevertheless, the sovereignty over coinage officially remained with the Holy Roman Emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="36788256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788256" title="The Monday Group">
The Monday Group

The Monday Group (sv. Måndagsgruppen) was an influential group of Swedish composers, musicians and musicologist. The group was formed in 1944 and gathered the most prominent composers of the time in the apartment of the group's leader Karl-Birger Blomdahl. During the meetings the members discussed music aesthetics and compositional process and technique. Among the members were Claude Loyola Allgén, Sven-Erik Bäck, Sven-Eric Johanson, Hans Leygraf, Claude Génetay, Eric Ericson and Ingmar Bengtsson.
Musically the group had a modernist approach inspired by German avant-garde. Most of the members rejected the late-romantic and neo-classical ideals that were present in Sweden at the time. 
Måndagsgruppen participated in cultural and musical debate and played an important role in the stylistic changes towards modernism that came during 1950-1960. Several of the members becamer professors in composition.

</doc>
<doc id="36788260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788260" title="Manav Hatya">
Manav Hatya

Manav Hatya is a Hindi Feature Film released in 1996 starring Akshay Anand, Madhuri Dixit, Shekhar Suman, Gulshan Grover, Sharat Saxena, Dr.Sriram Lagoo, Sunil Thapa, Arvind Deshpande among others. The film was produced & directed by Sudarshan Rattan.

</doc>
<doc id="36788279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788279" title="Wilhelmina Wright">
Wilhelmina Wright

Wilhelmina Marie "Mimi" Wright (born January 13, 1964) is an Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court. She is a former judge of the Minnesota Court of Appeals.
Early life and education.
Wright was born on January 13, 1964 in Norfolk, Virginia. Growing up, her mother had to advocate for her to receive equal education due to ongoing resistance to integration. She went on to study literature at Yale University, and got her law degree from Harvard Law School.
Career.
Wright served as a law clerk for Judge Damon Keith. She worked at the law firm of Hogan & Hartson, LLP, in Washington, D.C. before joining the U.S. Attorney's Office in Minnesota.
Wright has earned numerous awards during her career, including the Myra Bradwell Award in 2006 from the Minnesota Women Lawyers, the Lena O. Smith Achievement Award from the Black Women Lawyers Network in 2004, the B. Warren Hart Award for Public Service from the Saint Paul Jaycees in 2001, and the Ten Outstanding Young Minnesotans Award in 2000.
Wright was appointed to the Minnesota Court of Appeals in 2002 by Governor Jesse Ventura, on which she served from September 3, 2002 to September 26, 2012.
Wright was appointed to the Minnesota Supreme Court on August 20, 2012 by Governor Mark Dayton, with her term beginning on September 27, 2012. She is the first African American woman to serve on the court.
Personal life.
Wright is married to Ecolab executive Dan Schmechel. They have one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36788281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788281" title="One of the Missing">
One of the Missing

One of the Missing is a 1968 short film directed by Tony Scott. The film is set during the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="36788289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788289" title="Kapu Rajaiah">
Kapu Rajaiah

Kapu Rajaiah (7 April 1925 – 20 August 2012) was an Indian painter. He was well known for his depiction of country life paintings, and his works were displayed around the world. He was the founder of Lalita Kala Samithi in 1963, whose extension was inaugurated at Kala Bhavan.
Life.
Rajaiah was born in Siddipet, Medak, into a poor family. He completed a diploma at the Government School of Art in Hyderabad. 
His works of Nakashi art had themes such as Vaddera mahila, Yellamma Jogi, Gopika Krishna, Panta Polaalu, Vasantha Keli, Kolatam, Toddy Tappers, Bonalu, and Bathukamma.
Rajaiah died at the age of 87 on 20 August 2012 from complications of Parkinson's disease.(Telugu)

</doc>
<doc id="36788300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788300" title="2010 Golden Awards">
2010 Golden Awards

The 2010 Golden Awards was an awards ceremony held in Malaysia. It is the inaugural ceremony and was held at the Putrajaya International Convention Centre in Putrajaya. The list of nominees was published in July and the ceremony took place in September. The show was hosted by 988 FM radio DJ Cheryl Lee and Singaporean host and actor Bryan Wong. A special episode called "Golden Awards Prelude" featuring the nominees from each category was aired on ntv7 during the weeks leading up to the ceremony.
Guest presenters and performers include Quan Yi Fong, Wu Jiahui, Nicholas Teo, Fish Leong, Jamii Szmadzinski, Sam Lee, Aarif Rahman and Godfrey Gao.

</doc>
<doc id="36788307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788307" title="Amazon Glacier">
Amazon Glacier

Amazon Glacier is an online file storage web service that provides storage for data archiving and backup.
Glacier is part of the Amazon Web Services suite of cloud computing services, and is designed for long-term storage of data that is infrequently accessed and for which retrieval latency times of 3 to 5 hours are acceptable. Storage costs are a consistent $0.01 per gigabyte per month, which is substantially cheaper than Amazon's own Simple Storage Service (S3) service.
Amazon hopes this new service will move businesses from on-premises tape backup drives to cloud-based backup storage.
Storage.
ZDNet says, that according to private e-mail, Glacier runs on "inexpensive commodity hardware components". In 2012, ZDNet quoted a former Amazon employee as saying that Glacier is based on custom low-RPM hard drives attached to custom logic boards.
There is some belief amongst users that the underlying hardware used for Glacier storage is tape-based, owing to the fact that Amazon has positioned Glacier as a direct competitor to tape backup services (both on-premises and cloud-based). This confusion is exacerbated by the fact that Glacier has similar archive retrieval delays to that of tape-based systems (3-5 hours before archives are available). However, all publicly available information (including communications with Amazon itself) appears to support the claim that Glacier is backed by inexpensive commodity hard drives and not tape.
Cost.
While an unlimited amount of data can be uploaded for storage, the pricing structure for downloading data (retrieval) is far more complex. Getting data out of Glacier is a two-step process. The first step is to retrieve the data from Glacier staging area, subject to Glacier retrieval pricing. The next step is to actually download (transfer) the data. While Glacier advertises a free 5% per month allowance, this 5% is spread out evenly across the number of hours in a month for a 0.006944% free retrieval per hour (assuming a 30 day month). Exceeding the hourly allowance (aka peak hourly rate) at any time results in a peak retrieval overage charge that gets multiplied by the number of hours in a month. 
In the more practical terms, Glacier users need to break up any sizeable retrievals across the longest period of time practical to eliminate or minimize overage charges. Developers who are planning to implement Glacier support in their applications also need to implement a mechanism for spreading out data retrieval over a long period of time, and to be extremely careful with their testing: a simple mistake or misunderstanding can easily result in a massive bill. In one example, a user stored 15GB of data in Glacier, retrieved 693MB for testing, and ended up being charged for 126GB due to retrieval rate calculation.
Uploading data to Glacier is free, but downloading data from Glacier may be charged. Data transfer to the EC2 cloud in the same region is free, while data transfer between AWS regions is charged with $0.02 per GB ($0.09 per GB if data is downloaded from Tokyo region). Data transfer from Glacier to the Internet is free up to 1 GB per month, after which a sliding scale fee starts at $0.12 per GB. Data stored in Glacier but which is deleted after being stored for a period of less than 3 months incurs a charge of $0.03 per GB, a move designed to discourage the service's use in cases where Amazon's other storage offerings (e.g. S3) are more appropriate for real-time access.
Glacier is up to 66% cheaper than AWS S3, which in the past was the only way of archiving on the AWS cloud.

</doc>
<doc id="36788317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788317" title="Márton Czuczi">
Márton Czuczi

Márton Czuczi (born 20 May 1992 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Budapest Honvéd FC.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 27 April 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="36788321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788321" title="DR3">
DR3

DR3 is a Danish national television channel, produced by the public service broadcaster, DR.
The channel launched on 28 January 2013, replacing DR HD. DR3 programming is directed towards the youth and young adult audience.

</doc>
<doc id="36788326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788326" title="François Xavier Aubry">
François Xavier Aubry

François Xavier Aubry (December 3, 1824 – August 18, 1854) was a French Canadian merchant and explorer of the American Southwest. His achievements include speed records riding the Santa Fe Trail and early exploration of the 35th parallel north west of the North American continental divide.
Biography.
Aubry was born to Joseph and Magdeleine (Lupien) Aubry near Maskinongé, Quebec on December 3, 1824. There he grew up on a farm. When he was 18, he moved to St. Louis where he worked as a store clerk. After seeing the profits available for merchants transporting goods along the Santa Fe Trail, Aubry saved his money to purchase several wagons and draft animals. He then obtained a line of credit with which to purchase trade goods and left on his first trip down Santa Fe trail from Independence on May 9, 1846 as part of a trader's caravan. After selling his goods in Santa Fe, Aubry returned with enough profits to fully pay off his loans. In 1847 he moved to Independence, Missouri and began working full-time as a freighter along the trail.
While working the Santa Fe Trail, Aubry decided that speed was the key to maximizing his opportunities. Toward this end he began making two annual trips along the trail instead of the customary single trip per year. The increased money flow produced allowed him to purchase better draft animals and to haul goods in both directions and looking for ways to increase his speed. One effort to reduce the time spent on the return journey came when he left Santa Fe on December 22, 1847. Despite being harassed by Indians, highwaymen, and adverse winter weather, Aubry reached Independence in only 14 days, beating the previous record by 10½ days. In recognition of the accomplishment, newspapers dubbed him "Telegraph" Aubry and claimed the effort was "bordering on the supernatural".
Following this success, Aubry looked for ways to further increase his speed. In a desire to make three trips during 1848, Aubry left Missouri in mid-March, before enough grass had grown to provide fodder for his beasts of burden, and instead fed them by hauling a supply of feed corn. Aubry made the return trip from Santa Fe to Independence in 8 days and 10 hours. For his second return trip of the year, he positioned spare horses along the route. Leaving Santa Fe on the morning of September 12, 1848, Aubry carried a copy of the "Santa Fe Republican" with news of his departure. His journey was hampered by rain and mud but he managed to arrive in Independence on the evening of September 17 after 5 days and 16 hours on the trail. As a result of the ride, he won US$5,000 in wagers and the name "Skimmer of the Plains".
Convinced that his record would not be beaten, Aubry then moved to Santa Fe. Desiring to explore the potential market in the city of Chihuahua he led a caravan to the city in February 1849. Seeking to bypass the expense of goods purchased in Missouri, his second caravan crossed Texas to purchase goods in Victoria and then proceeding to Chihuahua via El Paso. This new route while financially rewarding proved to be difficult and Aubry only made the trip one more time. In late 1851, Aubry was back on the Santa Fe Trail where he discovered an alternate to a portion of the Cimarron branch of the trail that reduced the distance to travel by and provided access to a waterhole in an otherwise inhospitable section of the trail. This detour became known as the "Aubry Cutoff".
In 1852, Aubry's attention turned to California when he decided to take a caravan down the Rio Grande and Gila Rivers. From there he proceeded to San Francisco, via Tucson and Los Angeles, arriving with 3500 sheep, 100 mules, and 10 wagons of supplies.
After selling his goods, Aubry's return party included 10 Americans, 6 Mexicans, and a Negro cook. Aubry wished to return to Santa Fe by as direct a route as possible. His party crossed the Tejon Pass on July 10, 1853 before reaching the Colorado River on July 23. Aubry's crossing point is estimated to be north of the mouth of the Bill Williams River. From there his route is uncertain due to lack of place names. Aubry's descriptions of cedar, pine, and pinyon trees, combined with mentions of deep canyons, indicates he crossed Arizona's central mountains. Beginning on August 3 the party was harassed by a group of Indians that Aubry called "Garroteros". (Probably Yuman or Mohave) The harassment changed on August 14 when a chief, feigning friendship, approached Aubry's campsite. At the end of a meeting the chief took Aubry's right hand, a signal that resulted in his warriors pulling out hidden clubs and attacking Aubry's party. The attack resulted in nearly every member of the party being wounded but they were able to repel the attack with their Colt revolvers, killing 25 attackers and wounding others in the process. Following this the party continued to fight skimishes with the hostile natives until they reached Zuni Pueblo, New Mexico on September 6.
Following his return to Albuquerque, Aubry gave a report of his journey to New Mexico Territorial Governor David Meriwether, writing, "I am satisfied that a railroad may be run almost mathematically direct from Zuñi to Colorado river, and from thence to the Tejon pass in California." He also spoke to Lt. Amiel W. Whipple who was preparing an exploration of the area through which Aubry had just traveled as part of the Pacific Railroad Surveys. Aubry's journey also discovered the presence of gold in what is now northern Arizona when he discovered the metal first near the Colorado River and claimed that it was being used by Indians for the manufacture of bullets. It was not however evident as to whether the Indians obtained their gold locally or if it was acquired from a different area and brought to the region.
In late 1853, Aubry prepared to make a second trip to California.
With the assistance of other Santa Fe businessmen, he organized a drive consisting of 50,000 sheep. Aubry reached Los Angeles on January 10, 1854 before proceeding to San Francisco. After selling the sheep he prepared to return from San Jose, California on July 6 with a group of 60 men. This larger group traveled straight from San Jose to Albuquerque, arriving on August 18 without incident.
Shortly after his arrival in Albuquerque, Aubry went to a store operated by the Mercure brothers to buy a drink. In the store he discovered Richard Hanson Weightman, a former Territorial Delegate to the United States Congress and editor of Albuquerque's "Amigo Pais". Weightman had published an article with which Aubry had disagreed and an argument arose between the men. The argument escalated to a fight and Aubry drew his gun but was mortally wounded by Weightman's knife after the firearm misfired.
Following the incident, Weightman was arrested on murder charges but acquitted during the trail when it was decided he had acted in self-defense. Aubry was buried in Santa Fe's Rosaria Cemetery.
Following his death, Aubry's diary was discovered in his saddlebags. In September 1854, Missouri newspapers published an account of Aubry's final journey which spawned interest in a railroad route along the 35th parallel north. Eventually the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad was built mostly along the route that Aubry had explored.
A number of places were named for the explorer, many spelled "Aubrey" due to misspellings by early map makers. Fort Aubrey, located in a place suggested by Aubry and used to protect the Aubrey Cutoff, is in Kansas. In Arizona, the town of Aubrey Landing (a.k.a. Aubry City or Aubry) was located near the confluence of the Colorado and Bill Williams Rivers, while two mountains, Aubrey Peak (Hualapai Mountains) and Aubrey Peak (Rawhide Mountains), are in Mohave County The Aubrey Valley, in Yavapai County, bears his name as does a street in Prescott.

</doc>
<doc id="36788348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788348" title="SWOQe">
SWOQe

SWOQe is a new method of strategic planning which derived from SWOT. SWOQe contains the same letters S, W and O with their meanings from SWOT Analysis involved in a project or in a business venture. SWOQe can be defined as Strength, Weakness, Opportunity and most importantly Quality evaluation as a part of analysis. SWOQe and SWOT differ in just one element. SWOQe does emphasize on Quality evaluation in end while SWOT on Threats in end. SWOQe method of analysis came into existence recently from an analysis where Threat was not there or not important as Quality evaluation was.

</doc>
<doc id="36788367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788367" title="Cordner-Calder House">
Cordner-Calder House

The Cordner-Calder House at 305 S. 900 E. in Orem, Utah was built in 1894 by William Cordner. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included two contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36788368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788368" title="Wooden Church, Bocșa">
Wooden Church, Bocșa

The Wooden Church () was a church in Bocșa, Sălaj, Romania, built in 1750 and demolished in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="36788378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788378" title="Greek-Catholic Church in Traniş">
Greek-Catholic Church in Traniş

The Greek-Catholic Church in Traniș is a church in Traniş, Romania, built in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="36788393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788393" title="Atmatyag">
Atmatyag

Atmatyag is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Kumar Monojit and produced by A. K. Movie Makers. The presenter of the film was Arpita Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="36788419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788419" title="Uramba Bahía Málaga National Natural Park">
Uramba Bahía Málaga National Natural Park

Uramba Bahía Málaga National Natural Park, is one of the newest Colombian national parks and a popular ecotourism destination. It is located in and around Málaga Bay on the Colombian Pacific coast in the municipality of Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca, Colombia. It is an area of high biodiversity and a favorite spot for reproducing Humpback Whales, making this area a popular whale watching destination. Most of natural area is pristine with the exception of the areas around a few small towns like Juanchaco, Ladrilleros, and La Barra, as well as a Colombian naval base. The national park was created in 2010 and is Colombia's 56th national natural park.
Geography.
The protected area is composed of of coastal land and marine areas.
Biodiversity.
The ecosystems found within the protected area include wet tropical forest, transitional forest, flooded forest, mangroves, estuaries, beaches, and pelagic zones.
The main animal of interest in this area is the Humpback Whale ("Megaptera novaeangliae"). The whales use the waters of this protected area to raise calves between the months of June and October. It is said that this area has the largest concentration of breeding Humpback whales along the Colombian Pacific coast.

</doc>
<doc id="36788420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788420" title="Tramore Valley Park">
Tramore Valley Park

Tramore Valley Park is a planned park on the southside of Cork in Ireland. It is planned to have an area of 160 acres and the site is located on the city's previous landfill.
The park is planned to be triangular in shape, bounded on the south by the South Ring Road (N40) on the north-west by the South Link Road (N27) and on the north-east by the housing estates off the South Douglas Road (R851). Neighbouring suburbs include Douglas, Turner's Cross, Ballyphehane, Frankfield and Grange. As Grange lies across a busy dual-carriageway, consideration is being given to the provision of a pedestrian access bridge.
The first phase of the park is due to open in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36788421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788421" title="Jon Pollock">
Jon Pollock

Jon Pollock (born 11 May 1977) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to train with the British wheelchair basketball squad in 1992. Pollock has played at four Paralympic games: the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. He won a bronze medal at the 2004 Paralympics and the 2008 Paralympic Games.
Personal life.
Pollock was born on 11 May 1977 in Liverpool, England with Spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder caused by the incomplete closing of the embryonic neural tube. He currently lives in Wigan, Greater Manchester in north west England.
Wheelchair basketball.
Pollock is a class 2.5 wheelchair basketball player and currently plays for the RGK TCAT Rhinos of Wolverhampton. He has been competing in wheelchair basketball for over twenty years. In his twenty-year career, he has represented Team GB and Paralympics GB four times at various Summer Paralympic Games.
Pollock first competed at the 1997 European Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Madrid, Spain winning silver. Two years later, he played in the 1999 European Championships in Roermond, Netherlands. He ended in fourth place with his team. In 2000, he was a member of Team GB in the 2000 Summer Paralympic Games, held in Sydney, Australia. Along with his team, they finished in fourth place; out of the medals. In 2001–02, he finished in fourth place at the 2001/2002 European championships in Amsterdam, Netherlands. In the 2002 World Championships, he won silver, in Kitakyushu, Japan. He participated in the 2003 European Championships, in Sassari, Italy. He won bronze in this event. In the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece, he was in medal position. He finished, along with his team, in the bronze medal position. Two years after the Paralympics, he was at the 2006 World Championships in Amsterdam. He finished in fifth position. The following year, Pollock was at the 2007 European Championships, in Wetzlar, Netherlands. Along with his team, he finished in silver medal position. The following year, he was a member of the squad in the 2008 Summer Paralympic Games in Beijing. Here, he won his second Paralympic bronze. In 2009 he won bronze in the European championships in Adana, southern Turkey. In 2010, he finished fifth, along with his team, in the World Wheelchair Basketball Championships, held in Birmingham. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, Pollock and the GB team got through to the semi-finals after beating Turkey, but lost against Canada 52—69, keeping them out of medal position.

</doc>
<doc id="36788449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788449" title="William Barrett (priest)">
William Barrett (priest)

The son of Sir William Scott Barrett, he was educated at Aldenham School and Pembroke College, Cambridge. After a period of study at Leeds Clergy School he was curate at All Hallows, Kirkburton. He was with the Charleville Bush Brotherhood in the Diocese of Brisbane from 1906 to 1912; Vicar of Gildersome from 1913, and a Chaplain to the BEF from 1917 to 1919. When peace returned he became the Organising Secretary for the SPG for North West England until 1922 when he returned to Australia as Rector of Sherwood, a post he held for eight years. He was then Warden of St John’s College at the University of Queensland until his appointment as dean.

</doc>
<doc id="36788454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788454" title="Sri Damodaram Sanjeevaiah Thermal Power Station">
Sri Damodaram Sanjeevaiah Thermal Power Station

Sri Damodaram Sanjeevaiah Thermal Power Station is located in Nelatur Village, near Krishnapatnam and at a distance of 23 km from Nellore city of Andhra Pradesh. The power plant is one of the coal-based power plants of "Andhra Pradesh Power Development Company Limited (APPDCL)." It is the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), a joint venture company of APGENCO (with 50% equity) and IL AND FS (50% equity) partnership.
The proposed capacity of plant is 1600 MW. The project is under construction and likely to be completed by the end of 2014. The Power station is designed for blended coal in the ratio of 70% washed domestic coal from Talcher Coalfield to 30% imported coal. Sea water is proposed for cooling purpose and potable water by desalination. Krishnapatnam port (about 5 km from site) will cater to the requirement of importing heavy machinery and both domestic & imported coal of 3.5 and 1.5 million tons per annum respectively. EPC contract for the main plant has been awarded to BHEL, L&T and Tata Projects Limited during July,2008 and for BOP during February 2009. The estimated complete cost of project is about Rs 8432/- Crores. The Debt & Equity ratio is 80:20 and Project is being financed by PFC and KfW, Germany.
Etymology.
In view of the exemplary Statesmanship and dedicated services rendered to the state by late Sri.Damodaram Sanjeevaiah, Former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, the Govt.of Andhra Pradesh ordered Vide G.O.Ms.No.130 dt 12 December 2007 that the 1600 MW Thermal Power Project proposed to be established at Nelatur, Krishnapatnam, Nellore Dist be named as "Sri.Damodaram Sanjeevaiah Thermal Power Station".
See also.
http://www.apfinance.gov.in/html/finance-pmu-16-07-12/ongoing-KfW-projects/KRISHNAPATNAM-THERMAL-POWER-STATION-PROJECT.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="36788466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788466" title="ACE STAR Model of Knowledge Transformation">
ACE STAR Model of Knowledge Transformation

The ACE STAR Model of Knowledge Transformation © is a framework for the systematic integration of evidence into practice.
The STAR Model is composed of five major stages: knowledge discovery, evidence summary, translation into practice recommendations, integration into practice, and evaluation. The model is one of the most commonly used frameworks that have shaped evidence-based nursing.
The model was developed by Dr. Kathleen Stevens at the Academic Center for Evidence-Based Practice located at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio. The model has been represented in many nursing textbooks, used as part of an intervention to increase EBP competencies, and used a framework for instruments measuring EBP readiness.

</doc>
<doc id="36788482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788482" title="Greek-Catholic Church in Şumal">
Greek-Catholic Church in Şumal

The Greek-Catholic Church in Șumal is a monastery in Şumal, Romania, built in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="36788531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788531" title="Yuri Arcurs">
Yuri Arcurs

Yuri Arcurs, born Jacob Yuri Wackerhausen on July 27, 1979 is a Dane known for being the world’s top selling stock photographer since 2009 and owner of PeopleImages.com. He is working mostly in the realm of online industry of stock imagery.
Career.
Yuri started selling his images online as a hobby in 2005 whilst studying Psychology at Aarhus University. His images were sold through online agencies like Shutterstock.
Yuri is most well known for selling microstock images. Microstock images are often accused of being under priced, and cited as devaluing the world photography market.
Yuri has completed minor formal education in photography but is well regarded for his highly technical approach. He has an agreement with both Hasselblad and Profoto.
Yuri has his own product line of photography equipment of which the Yuri Arcurs SteadyPod is the most popular item .
Yuri attends larger microstock and macrostock related events and has, among other activities, given the opening lecture at Cepic in 2010 and taken part in a panel discussion hosted by B&H Photo.
Yuri asserts that he is the top selling photographer “on all agencies that represent his collection”, this is difficult to prove as many sites do not have a public ranking list. The public ranking lists; iStockphoto and Photodune do however add credence to the claim. Yuri is thought to be the “best selling photographer period” and currently sells an image every 8 seconds. Stock photography journalist Jim Pickerell has written several articles supporting the claim that Yuri is amongst the best selling photographers online. 
Yuri also submits images to more traditional high priced agencies such as Cultura Images and Tetra Images.
Personal life.
Yuri attended Aarhus Katedralskole (cathedral school) and matriculated as a mathematical "major". This unit conducted missions similar to that of the Danish Huntsmen Corps. In 2002 he served for 6 months in Kosovo. Yuri won the international rifle sharpshooting competition for all NATO forces when representing Denmark in 2002 and was awarded a Firestarter made of Gold. Yuri is currently living in Cape Town, South Africa with his Norwegian fiancée Cecilie Skjold Johansen who maintains a job as a corporate psychologist. His father, Steen Wackerhausen, is a professor of Philosophy at Aarhus University and holds a dual doctoral degree in both psychology and philosophy. Yuri's mother, Birgitte Krogh Wackerhausen, is a teacher with several courses completed in the field of Psychology.
Business Structure.
Yuri Arcurs Photography supplies images to the stock industry and allows licensing to buyers. The resulting royalties make up a bulk of earnings. As of 2012 the company employed more than 100 people; around 15 of whom are in-house photographers . The majority of staff are engaged in post-production such as retouching and keywording. 
Yuri has also been involved with an outsourcing company in India there has however been no recent mention of ongoing involvement. A newly formed subsidiary in Cape Town, South Africa Yuri Arcurs Productions appears to manage these aspects of the post-production.
On May 3, 2012, Yuri launched www.peopleimages.com to serve as a direct sales platform for the Yuri Arcurs image collection. The launch leaked to the media and made the front page three days before the official launch date. The launch was not a surprise to the industry and it coincided with an announced IPO filed by Shutterstock and rumors of one from Getty Images.
The launch was covered by Danish television with Yuri’s top selling model Emma W. H. as a featured guest due to her status as the world’s best selling female model.
Yuri runs a 3 year trainee program he calls a “photography academy” in the style of reality TV The entrance examination is a 2 week boot camp that runs every year and is announced on [http://www.arcurs.com Yuri’s blog.
Yuri Arcurs Productions has a charity program to recruit and train new retouchers who come from poor circumstances and are unable to afford computers and software. This program, called "the ambition program", received a grant of R600000 by the Cape Town film commission.
Growth Rate.
Nothing specific is known about the company's growth rate as it is solely owned by Yuri Arcurs himself thus the books are not public. It is known that Yuri started shooting photography in 2005 and the number of images on People Images is 79,650 as of November 4, 2012.
This growth rate is most likely above the average growth rate of the industry, although Yuri has been quoted suggesting that the industry is in decline due to image saturation .
Total sales for Yuri's numerous collections are not known, but are estimated to be in excess of ten million downloads. Yuri is often referred to as the '#1 selling photographer in the world', it would however be nearly impossible to confirm this.
Impact and Exposure.
PDN magazine recognised Yuri as one of the most influential photographers of this decade due to the volume of his collection and the impact he has had on the industry. He has also been profiled by German Der Spiegel and Photoshop Creative.

</doc>
<doc id="36788554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788554" title="Fernand Mousseau">
Fernand Mousseau

Lieutenant-colonel Fernand Mousseau, CD was a member of the Canadian Forces made famous in military circles for his participation in the liberation of Paris. During the Allied invasion of Normandy, Mousseau was one of the few Canadians to participate in the liberation of Paris in August 1944. He was also a prominent businessman in his community and a notable civil servant. Mousseau was awarded the French Legion of Honour in 2006 for his involvement in the liberation of Paris.
Military career.
While studying at the University of Ottawa, Fernand Mousseau, from Hull enrolled in the Officer Training Corps in 1940 and was transferred to Le Régiment de Hull. He was promoted to Lieutenant at the Brockville training camp for officers and was transferred to the Officer Candidate School in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec. In 1942, Mousseau joined the Montreal unit, Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal, in order to help bring the decimated unit back up to strength following the disastrous Dieppe Raid.
Mousseau quickly climbed the ranks to major. In 1944, he was one of the Army's youngest majors at age 23. In July 1944, Mousseau was injured during an attack in Beauvoir-Trotteval and was captured in Caen by German soldiers. Mousseau was taken to Paris, where he was treated at Hôpital de la Pitié. With the assistance of a network of nurses associated with the resistance, Mousseau escaped from the Hospital and joined the French Resistance (Forces Françaises de l'Intérieur). Given his military experience and quick wits, Mousseau was put in command of a resistance cell in the heart of Paris, headquartered at the local police prefecture. During that time, he participated in a number of raids against the enemy in order to disrupt traffic into Paris in view of the liberation of Paris. When the Allies moved into Paris, Mousseau returned to England and rejoined his unit in Belgium. Returning to duty as a company commander, Mousseau commanded the Fusiliers Mont-Royal contingent that occupied Berlin in 1945. In October 1945, he returned to Montreal and served as deputy Commanding Officer to the Fusiliers Mont Royal. For his actions in France, Mousseau was awarded the Croix de Guerre avec étoile d'argent.
Post-war.
The war over, Mousseau returned to his home town and his home unit, Le Régiment de Hull. He completed his studies in accounting and became the general manager for a construction firm. In the years that followed, Mousseau was a successful civil servant and served in a number of senior appointments. In 1948, Fernand Mousseau was promoted to Lieutenant-colonel and took command of Le Régiment de Hull until 1952. He then went on to serve as Honorary Colonel to Le Fusiliers Mont-Royal.
In 2006, he was inducted into the French Legion of Honour (Légion d'honneur) as a Knight.
Death.
Mousseau died in Gatineau, on April 26, 2010 from Alzheimer's. Colonel Mousseau was awarded a full military ceremony and was carried by members of Le Régiment de Hull and les Fusiliers Mont-Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="36788571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788571" title="Palander">
Palander

Palander is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36788576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788576" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics consisted of twelve events. The competition was held in the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich from 30 August to 6 September.
Classification.
Paralympic shooters were classified according to the extent of their disability. The classification system allowed shooters to compete against others with a similar level of function.
Shooting classifications are:
Events.
For each of the events below, medals were contested for one or both of the above classifications. After each classification was given the date that the event was contested.
Qualification.
There were 140 athletes (100 male, 40 female) taking part in this sport.
Medal summary.
Medal table.
This ranking sorts countries by the number of gold medals earned by their shooters (in this context a nation is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If, after the above, countries are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36788635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788635" title="Maratha Mandir">
Maratha Mandir

Maratha Mandir is a Cinema Hall located in Maratha Mandir Marg, Mumbai. This theatre has created a record after screening "Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge" since its release in 1995. It takes a 5-mins walk from the Mumbai Central railway station to reach the cinema hall, besides the Maratha Mandir's Babasaheb Gawde Institute of Technology and Management Studies. This cinema hall has its reputation from a very long time and it is one of the famous landmarks in Mumbai. This is the most known valued theatre for the Mumbai's Bollywood Box Office 

</doc>
<doc id="36788637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788637" title="St Mark's Church, Basford">
St Mark's Church, Basford

St Mark's Church, Basford, is in Basford, Staffordshire, England. It is an active Anglican parish church, in the deanery of Newcastle-under-Lyme, the archdeaconry of Stoke-on-Trent, and the diocese of Lichfield.
History.
St Mark's was built in 1914–15, and designed by the Lancaster architects Austin and Paley. At that time only the east end and three bays of the nave and aisles were completed; the west wall was intended to be temporary. In 1928–29 the same practice added new vestries at a cost of £1,450. The west wall was rebuilt, and the rest of the church was completed in 1971, by Charles R. Lewis.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36788641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788641" title="Xbox Controller">
Xbox Controller

The Xbox Controller was the primary controller for Microsoft's Xbox console and was introduced at the Game Developers Conference in 2000. The standard Xbox controller (originally nicknamed the "Fatty") was originally the controller bundled with Xbox systems for all territories except Japan. The Xbox 360 controller is not compatible for original Xbox. The "Controller S" was the standard controller in Japan, and was later released in other territories by popular demand and by 2002 replaced the standard controller in the Xbox's retail package, with the larger original controller remaining available as an accessory.
Neither the original Xbox controller nor Controller S are compatible with Xbox 360.
History.
The Xbox controller featured dual vibration motors, two analog sticks, a pressure-sensitive directional pad, two analog triggers, a Back button, a Start button, two accessory slots and six 8-bit analog action buttons (A/Green, B/Red, X/Blue, Y/Yellow, and Black and White buttons). The standard Xbox controller (originally nicknamed the "Fatty" and later the "Duke") was originally the controller bundled with Xbox systems for all territories except Japan. The controller has been criticized for being bulky compared to other video game controllers; it was awarded "Blunder of the Year" by "Game Informer" in 2001, a Guinness World Record for the biggest controller in Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition 2008, and was ranked the second worst video game controller ever by IGN editor Craig Harris.
The "Controller S" (codenamed "Akebono"), a smaller, lighter Xbox controller, was originally the standard Xbox controller only in Japan, designed for users with smaller hands. The "Controller S" was later released in other territories by popular demand and in 2002 replaced the standard controller in the US Xbox's retail package, and Europe in 2003, with the larger original controller remaining available as an accessory.
Memory Unit.
An 8 MB removable solid state memory card can be plugged into the controllers, onto which game saves can either be copied from the hard drive when in the Xbox dashboard's memory manager or saved during a game. Most Xbox game saves can be copied to the memory unit and moved to another console but some Xbox saves are digitally signed; each console has a unique signing key, and some games (e.g. "Ninja Gaiden" and "Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball") will not load saved games signed by a different Xbox, limiting the utility of the memory card. Some game saves can be tagged as uncopyable or simply padded to over 8 MB (""). The signing mechanism has been reverse-engineered by the Xbox hacking community, who have developed tools to modify savegames to work in a different console, though the signing key of the recipient Xbox (the "HDkey") and the ramped-up title key of the game (the "authkey") must be known. It is also possible to save an Xbox Live account on a memory unit, to simplify its use on more than one Xbox.
Compatibility.
The controller itself uses a proprietary USB interface, and through user modification and third party drivers, can be used as a standard USB controller.

</doc>
<doc id="36788722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788722" title="Beury, West Virginia">
Beury, West Virginia

Beury is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36788725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788725" title="Todt Battery">
Todt Battery

The Todt Battery is a battery of coastal artillery built by the Germans in World War II, located in the hamlet of Haringzelle, Audinghen, near Cape Gris Nez, Pas de Calais, France.
It was one of the most important coastal fortifications of the Atlantic Wall, and consisted of four 380 mm calibre Krupp guns with a range up to 55.7 km, capable of reaching the British coast, and each protected by a bunker of reinforced concrete.
History.
The battery fired its first shell on 20 January 1942, although it was only officially opened in February 1942 in the presence of high German Navy dignitaries. Originally to be called Siegfried Battery, it was renamed in honour of the German engineer Fritz Todt, creator of the Todt Organisation and responsible for the construction of the Atlantic Wall, who died in a plane crash days before the battery's inauguration. 
The battery was taken by Anglo-Canadian troops in September 1944, after an intense aerial bombardment, as part of Operation Undergo.
Museum.
One of the four casemates now houses a museum about World War II, "Musée du Mur de l'Atlantique". The exhibits include military hardware, including, outside, one of two surviving Krupp K5 artillery rail-mounted cannon.

</doc>
<doc id="36788728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788728" title="Yefimovsky (inhabited locality)">
Yefimovsky (inhabited locality)

Yefimovsky (; masculine), Yefimovskaya (; feminine), or Yefimovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36788746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788746" title="Over the Bar">
Over the Bar

Over the Bar: A Personal Relationship with the GAA is a memoir by the Irish writer Breandán Ó hEithir, describing his early life on Inishmore, his education at University College, Galway (where he subsequently dropped out) and his long-time involvement with the Gaelic Athletic Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="36788760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788760" title="Pikalyovo">
Pikalyovo

Pikalyovo () or Pikalevo () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36788769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788769" title="Pietà (book)">
Pietà (book)

Pietà is a collection of essays by the Hungarian-Swedish biologist, George Klein, first published in Sweden in 1989. It includes nine essays by Klein, several touching broadly on the theme of whether life is worth living. The introduction opens with a quote from Albert Camus in "The Myth of Sisyphus" (1942): "There is but one truly philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy."
After the introduction, the first essay, "Pista," is about the suicide of a cousin and childhood friend in Hungary. It is followed by essays on the poet Attila Jozsef; the power of poetry and literature, with discussions on Rainer Maria Rilke, Friedrich Nietzsche, Thomas Mann, and Edgar Allan Poe; the role of German scientists during the Holocaust; an interview with Rudolf Vrba (the Auschwitz escapee); essays on AIDS and biological individuality; and reflections on his own experience of the Holocaust in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="36788827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788827" title="Lig Sinn i gCathú">
Lig Sinn i gCathú

Lig Sinn i gCathú (Irish: "Lead us into temptation") is a novel by the Irish writer Breandán Ó hEithir. The story is set in the university town of Baile an Chaisil, a thinly disguised Galway City, in 1949, the year Ireland declared itself a republic and withdrew from the British Commonwealth. Máirtín Ó Mealóid, a pub-crawling university student, and his disreputable friends are too busy drinking and lusting after girls to pay much attention to this significant political development. The story takes place over four days from Thursday 14 April to Monday 18 April.
The novel was written and published in Irish, then translated into English and German. An extract from the book was formerly on the curriculum of Honours Level Irish in the Leaving Certificate secondary school examination. It was the first Irish-language book ever to top Ireland's hardback best-seller list.

</doc>
<doc id="36788836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788836" title="Rhynchosia minima">
Rhynchosia minima

Rhynchosia minima is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names least snout-bean, burn-mouth-vine, and jumby bean. It can be found on every continent. It is naturalized in Hawaii.
This perennial herb has twining or trailing stems which can reach 1.2 meters in length. The leaves are made up of three leaflets measuring up to 3 to 3.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a raceme of up to 15 flowers. The flowers are yellow with purple or brown veining and measure up to 8 millimeters long. The fruit is one or two centimeters long.
This common plant is used as animal forage.

</doc>
<doc id="36788868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788868" title="Aerides inflexa">
Aerides inflexa

Aerides inflexa is a species of orchid in the genus "Aerides" that was first described in 1862. It is native to Borneo and Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="36788890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788890" title="Barchmann Mansion">
Barchmann Mansion

Barchmann Mansion (Danish: Barchmanns Palæ) is a Baroque style town mansion overlooking Frederiksholm Canal in central Copenhagen, Denmark. Built in the early 1740s, it is also known as also known as Wedell Mansion (Danish: Wedells Palæ) after the Wedell family who have owned it since 1982.
History.
The house was built in 1740–41 by Philip de Lange for affluent Jacob Barchmann. Barchmann did not live in it himself but rented it out to foreign envoys. The original building was extended in 1748, first along the canal and a little later along Ny Kongensgade.
After Barchmann's death in 1764, his wife continued to live in the house until 1782 when it was sold to John Brown, a grocer and ship owner, who took up residence there. After his bankruptcy in 1788, the property was sold once again but who acquired it remains unclear. In 1811, it was purchased by the industrious landowner Jacob Brønnum Scavenius and in 1898 by the Treschow family.
In 1923, the house came on the hands of the Wedell family when Inger Wedell née Krag-Juel-Vind-Frijs inherited the property from her father, Count Mogens of Frijsenborg.
In 1926, the house was divided into two separate properties when Borup Folk High School moved into 24 Frederiksholms Kanal. Since 1982, the remaining part has been owned by the Krag-Juel-Vind-Frijs/Wedells family.
Architecture.
The mansion is a three-winged building in two storeys under a mansard roof. The principal facade faces Ny Kongensgade. The original building is seven bays towards the canal and nine towards the street. It is built in red brick and decorated with sandstone pilasters in the giant order, cornice, decorations and a portal. The facade to the right of the portal covers the stables to obtain the symmetry required by the Baroque style. The lateral wing away from the canal is narrow and therefore only has a half mansard. It has two carriage gates and a low mezzanine
The extensions added seven bays along the canal and three bays along the street. The extension along the canal also has pilasters, but in red brick instead of sandstone, and the cornice is omitted.
The building was altered by Thorvald Jørgensen in 1903. The two main wings towards Frederiksholms Kanal and Ny Kongensgade, were listed in 1818 and the listing was extended to include the lateral wing in 2000.
The Wedell Mansion today.
Since 2008 the building has been owned by Bendt Wedell, the second largest private land owner in Denmark, whose other holdings include Wedellsborg and Frijsenborg in Jutland. The Borup Folk High School is still based at 24 Frederiksholms Kanal.

</doc>
<doc id="36788907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788907" title="Doleshwor Mahadeva Temple">
Doleshwor Mahadeva Temple

Doleshwor Mahadeva (Nepali:डोलेश्वर महादेव) is a Hindu Temple of Lord Shiva located in the Sipadol VDC, south eastern part of Bhaktapur District, Nepal, and is believed to be the head part of Kedarnath located in Uttarakhand, India.
History.
For 4000 years people have been searching for the head of (Hindu deity) Kedarnath who assumed the shape of a bull to avoid the five Pandava brothers,the heroes of the Mahabharat.
The legend goes back to the fabled battle of Kurukshetra fought between the five Pandava brothers and their cousins, the 100 Kaurava brothers, which is the pivot of the Mahabharata.
The Pandavas won, but sorrowed by the loss of lives, they renounced the kingdom they had wrested back and headed for the heavenly abode of the gods, believed to be atop the mighty Himalayan Mountains. The Pandavas reached the Kedarnath region to seek forgiveness from Lord Shiva for the loss of lives during the 18-day Mahabharata war. But Lord Shiva was not ready to forgive them and he took the form of a bull to avoid them. The Pandavas soon realized that the bull was Lord Shiva and tried to stop it by pulling its tail. Suddenly the head got separated from the body of the bull and the Pandavas could not locate it. The hump-backed structure at Uttarakhand’s Kedarnath temple is worshipped as the torso of the holy bull.
Research and Findings.
The Hindu activist Bharat Jangam had been researching and claiming that Doleshwar Mahadev is the head part of Kedarnath based on the surprising links between Kedarnath and Doleshwor. The Sculptures of Shive found in both shrines are 4,000 years old. Even a stone scripture found in Doleshwor was written in Kannada, an Indian language.The priests in both shrines are selected from Indian’s southern states of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Both priests affix the word ‘ling’ after their names to convey their proximity to the god as his worshipper and both temples have a cluster of five Shiva shrines. The main deity of both priests is Birbhadra, a companion of Shiva, according to Hindu scriptures.
Recognition.
In August 22, 2009 the head priest of Kedarpeeth Shree 1008 Jagat Guru Bheemashankarling Shivacharya unveiled the plaque claiming that Doleswore Mahadev, located in Jangam math Bhaktapur, is the head part of Shri Kedarnath. He performed Rudra Abhishek, a special worshipping at the Doleshwor temple situated in Sipadol village of Bhaktapur district. This is also mentioned in the inscription (Sheela Lekh) at Doleshwar Mahadev.

</doc>
<doc id="36788915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788915" title="Terry Homestead">
Terry Homestead

The Bristol Fletcher Terry Homestead (also known as the Terry Homestead and Fletcher Terry House) was a historical building in Bristol, Connecticut dating to 1748. After years of neglect, the building was demolished beginning in 2012.
History.
The house was built in 1748 by William Barnes. In 1751, they sold the home to Samuel Cooke; 2 months later, Elnathan Ives bought the house with his wife Ruth. The next inhabitants where Reuben and Elizabeth Ives with their child Joseph. The house was later bought in 1805 by Colonel Thomas Botsford, and his wife Ruth Lewis.When the town schoolhouse burned down, the house was used as a temporary school building. Their daughter was Julian Botsford, who married William Hubbel. They had four children, three who did not live past 14 years. Their daughter Ruth Lewis married Ralph E Terry (the son of Samuel Terry). Samuel Terry purchased a gristmill adjacent to the property and converted it into his clock factory. The home remained in the Terry family for many years until they married into the Fletcher family. The Fletcher family inhabited the home and let the Historical Society use five large rooms in the front of the house until the house was sold in 2001. After 2002, the building was bought by Chatham Lake One LLC, which moved the house across the property but agreed to restore the building as they built a commercial development on the lot. However, the company reneged on their promise and the house was abandoned. In early 2012, the company announced that the house was too damaged to restore and would be demolished.
Structure.
The original house was simply a large kitchen with one single bedroom in the attic. The kitchen had a six bay bread oven fireplace, along with a huge main fireplace. The kitchen was believed to be built in around 1730, or 1740 (the true date is unknown, the Farmington Town hall burned to ashes, and all bristol history records where destroyed). in 1748, the front of the house was built; a traditional 5 bay clapboarded central hallway house. The house was believed to have actually been lied out on the ground, or even in the forest as trees where cut; This is due to the Large Roman numerals carved into each beam of the house, 1-6 on the front, and 1-4 on the side. The house was post and bean, with pegs the size of three inch pipes. There were two rooms on the bottom left of the house, a center fireplace, a center staircase, center hallway, and one large room going the whole width of the house to the right. Notable work was done to the house in 1810, subsequent work done in 1830, and drastic work done in 1930. In 1930, the entire house was gutted, all doors replaced except for three, the center fireplace removed (entirely), walls demolished, a doorway closed up, and a whole new fireplace added in the north parlor. The entire center chimney was removed, however the top of the chimney remained, in order to keep the physical appearance of the house intact. In reality, the only original pieces of the home where floorboards, walls, and the top of the fireplace. The three original doors that remained, where left for a great reason of tradition. The coffin door on the south of the house, was left alone, it was never opened sense its last funeral, and stayed shut until February 28, 2013. The other two doors where the basement and kitchen door. These two doors where original to the house, dating 1748; the doors where made of illegal kings wood, during the crisis of the Pine Tree Riot. Wood boards had to be at most 12 inches wide, or a fine of 5 pounds per inch over. The doors had measurements of 13, and 17 inches, leading to fines of over 35 pounds, the family was fortunately never caught by England. The first and second floor where made of chestnut or hickory boards, and the attic was made with red pine boards. In February 2013, the home was demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="36788931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788931" title="Lilioceris">
Lilioceris

Lilioceris is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae. They are of importance in horticulture because of their impact on the cultivation of lilies. The genus was first scientifically described in 1912 by Edmund Reitter. "Lilioceris" belongs to the subfamily Criocerinae and tribe Criocerini (Latreille, 1807).
Description.
Species of "Lilioceris" are between 4–10 mm long. The body has a long narrow shape, with a pronounced shoulder between the elytra and pronotum. Both the larvae and the adult (imago) beetles feed on plants.
Life cycle.
"Lilioceris" are holometabolous, having a complete metamorphosis. The larvae proceed to a pupation stage to develop into adults.
Diversity.
There are well over 100 species, with 80 in Asia alone.
Selected species:

</doc>
<doc id="36788938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788938" title="Trouble (Leona Lewis song)">
Trouble (Leona Lewis song)

"Trouble" is a song recorded by British recording artist Leona Lewis and American entertainer Childish Gambino for Lewis' third studio album, "Glassheart" (2012). Inspired by Lewis' break-up with childhood sweetheart Lou Al-Chamaa, "Trouble" is a mid-tempo R&B and trip hop ballad, with a piano and strings-driven melody. It was written by a British writing collective consisting of Lewis, Donald Glover, Hugo Chegwin, Harry Craze, Shahid Khan, James Murray, Mustafa Omer, Emeli Sandé and Fraser T Smith. Production came courtesy of Khan under his production name of Naughty Boy and Smith, along with co-producer Chris Loco and additional producer Jahlil Beats. Music critics noted that the urban production marked a new direction for Lewis, particularly by featuring Gambino during the song's middle eight breakdown with a poetic rap verse. A version excluding Gambino is also included on "Glassheart".
"Trouble" was also influenced by British trip hop duo Massive Attack, who Lewis cited an a musical inspiration. Lewis' falsetto and soprano vocal performance on the song garnered early praise from critics who commended the raw emotions, as well as Gambino's guest rap and the song's melodic strings- and piano-heavy production. "Trouble" premiered on 21 August 2012 on BBC Radio 1's "Breakfast with Scott", ahead of its release as "Glassheart"s lead single, superseding the 2011 single "Collide", a collaboration with Swedish DJ and record producer Avicii. "Trouble" was released on 5 October 2012, preceding the album by one week, and entered the UK Singles Chart at number seven becoming Lewis's ninth top-ten single. In Ireland "Trouble" charted at number twenty-one becoming Lewis's eighth top-thirty single.
As part of promotion of the song, fans were given chance to produce their own remix of "Trouble" which was released alongside the single on Lewis' official music store. An accompanying music video was filmed on 22 August in Los Angeles, with "Teen Wolf" actor Colton Haynes cast as Lewis' love interest. Haynes, a friend of Lewis, was chosen due to his physical resemblance to Lewis' ex Al-Chaama. In the video, Lewis and Haynes' relationship begins to unfold and culminates in an altercation between the duo before Haynes leaves and Lewis breaks down in tears. Lewis also recorded an acoustic performance of the song for her Vevo account. "Trouble" was promoted with performances on the ninth series of "The X Factor" (UK), on 7 October 2012, later on "" and also during a set at London nightclub, G-A-Y.
Background and release.
Lewis began to conceptualise her third album "Glassheart" in the second half of 2010, shortly after completing her first headline concert tour, The Labyrinth. "Trouble" was one of the earlier songs recorded by Lewis, and one of several tracks that Lewis worked on with British duo Emeli Sandé and Naughty Boy. Sandé first conceived the loose concepts for "Trouble" in 2009. It was not until British hip-hop artist Tinie Tempah began working with Sandé for his own debut album "Disc-Overy" (2011), that "Trouble" was pitched to Lewis; Tempah approached Lewis to record "Trouble" as a duet with himself. Upon hearing the demo, Lewis asked Tempah if she could have the song and subsequently entered the recording studios with Sandé and Fraser T Smith to record and finish the song. Sandé later wrote two more songs for Lewis, including "I to You" and "Sugar". A fourth song, "Mountains", was reclaimed by Sandé and was recorded for her debut album "Our Version of Events" (2012).
With a November 2011 release date set for "Glassheart", Lewis proceeded with the release of the album's first single "Collide" on 15 July 2011. However, Swedish house music DJ Avicii sued Lewis and Sony Music, claiming that "Collide" was a reproduction of his own instrumental single "Penguin," for which he had sought the legal permission to sample Simon Jeffes' "Perpetuum Mobile". Following a settlement out of court, "Collide" was released crediting both Lewis and Avicii. "Collide" reached number one on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart, number three in Ireland and number four in the United Kingdom. Despite this, "Glassheart" was pushed into early 2012 to accommodate new recording sessions. During this time Lewis would work with Scottish DJ Calvin Harris and record a song called "We Found Love". Harris wanted Lewis to release "We Found Love" at the end of 2011, yet Lewis and her label had already decided "Trouble" would be the second single from "Glassheart". During an interview with Digital Spy, Lewis said "Yes, I think 'Trouble' will be the second single. I can't wait for everyone to hear it. I'm really excited about it. It's one that I really love." Once the album was pushed back again to mid-2012, and then October 2012, Harris reclaimed "We Found Love", which was subsequently recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna for her album "Talk That Talk" and became a number one hit worldwide.
Nearly a year later as work for the album neared completion, Lewis was able to confirm that "Trouble" would still be the album's second single and was due for release in October 2012 alongside the album. Between the announcement in 2011 and the song's release in 2012, Sony Music Entertainment re-organised operations, which resulted in the closure of J Records and all previously signed artists being absorbed into RCA Records. "Trouble" is thus Lewis' first release in partnership with RCA Records. Sony Music made "Trouble" a global priority, making it supersede "Collide" as the album's lead single and focussing on promoting the song in the UK first before a worldwide release. A new version of "Trouble" was recorded to feature American rapper Childish Gambino and premiered on radio on 21 August 2012. "Trouble" was played at a press premiere for Tracey Hart from Music Week magazine, along with new songs "Come Alive" and "Un Love Me". The song was also played for Popjustice twice, first in an early form last year in 2011 and secondly in a finished form on 16 August 2012. The website noted that the new version of "Trouble" sounded more finished and complete with the addition of Gambino's verse. "Trouble" premiered on BBC Radio 1's "Breakfast with Scott" on 21 August 2012, ahead of its Irish release on 5 October and UK release on 7 October 2012. It was released 14 December 2012 in Germany.
Composition and lyrics.
"Trouble" is a mid-tempo R&B and trip hop song written by Lewis and collective of British songwriters, including Hugo Chegwin, Harry Craze, Shahid Khan, James Murray, Mustafa Omer, Emeli Sandé and Fraser T Smith. It is primarily an R&B and trip hop song, built around a strings- and piano-driven melody. Production was done by Khan under his production name of Naughty Boy and Smith, while secondary production was provided by Chris Loco. Orlando "Jahlil Beats" Tucker provided some additional production. A reviewer from the "The Metro" noted that the song had a hip hop vibe and feel to its production. "Trouble" was recorded in the key of A-minor and written in time signature of common time, set at a tempo of 104 beats per minute. Sony Music executive Sonny Thakrar described Lewis and Sandé's work together on "Trouble" as "killer chemistry," praising Sandé's "storytelling" abilities and Lewis' "vocal prowess". Thakrar, who is also involved with A&R, said that "Trouble" was a showcase of an "emotional and raw" vocal from Lewis. Vocals throughout the song are sung in Lewis' falsetto and soprano registers, spanning a range of E4–5. The tone and mood of the song is ethereal, with Lewis' vocals taking on a "haunting" tone that is only broken during middle eight section when Childish Gambino delivers his "poetic" rap verse. "Trouble" featuring Gambino appears on "Glassheart" as track number thirteen, whilst a solo no-rap version appears on the album as track number one.
In a press release, Lewis explained the meaning behind "Trouble": "it tells the story of love going bad and becoming destructive, aspects of which we can all relate to. It’s a deeply emotional and poignant song that I have a real connection to." According to the "Sunday Mirror", "Trouble" was inspired by Lewis' break-up with her childhood sweetheart Lou Al-Chamaa. Lyrics which reference her relationship with Chamaa include the lines: "I told you never to get used to me, I stay awake while you fall asleep. I'm a whole lot of trouble, we're in a whole lot of trouble. You shout louder than you used to, and you hold on tighter in the bedroom." During an interview with Digital Spy, Lewis further explained that she was inspired and influenced by British trip-hop pioneers Massive Attack. "The Sun"s showbiz editor Gordan Smart also picked up on the similarities, noting that "Trouble" sounds similar to "Unfinished Sympathy" (1991) and "Teardrop" (1998) by Massive Attack. "Trouble" drew comparisons to Sandé's own singles; according Michael Cragg from "The Guardian", "Trouble" was much like "Heaven" (2011) while MSN's Danielle Cheeseman compared it to Sandé collaboration with Naughty Boy, "Daddy" (2011).
Response.
Critical reception.
"Trouble" received mainly positive reviews from critics, who praised Childish Gambino's featured rap, the musical production and Lewis's emotive vocals. A reviewer from Pop Justice said that the site had twice heard "Trouble"; the first time was just before "Collide" was released in September 2011, while a second finished version was played for them on 16 August 2012. The final track featured the same "beguiling feel" as the earlier version but was more "finished." The reviewer commented, "['Trouble' has] a convincing, compelling and dramatic vocal performance which works brilliantly against the song's opulent but bleak mid-tempo production", adding that although Childish Gambino's "rap in the middle eight sounds great", it almost "slightly dilutes Leona's big comeback". These sentiments were echoed by Kim Dawson from the "Daily Star", describing the song as bringing Lewis "bang up to date" thanks to "a mid-tempo melody, epic strings, sharp lyrics" and a "slammin' rap from Gambino". Meanwhile Kirsten McCormack from the "Daily Mail" praised Lewis' "ethereal and haunting vocal tones" make "Trouble" a "showcase the sheer power and intimacy of Leona’s incredible talent". McCormack also praised the "home-grown" talent of a completely British writing camp which conceptualised the song, calling it a "standout track" and something that Lewis could be passionate about. 
During early previews of the song, Corner spoke most on Gambino's guest appearance, describing the collaboration as "unlikely on paper" but then in reality "it results in one of Leona's most natural collaborations to date". Commenting on the song as a whole, Corner said "Trouble" was a powerful comeback, "It's big, it's emotional and it's what we've come to expect from the Hackney belle – but we wouldn't want it any other way." Gordon Smart, showbiz editor for "The Sun" added that although "it was a long time coming, [...] 'Trouble' will definitely make people interested in a full album" mainly down the new sound, image and Gambino's guest rap which will "help shake off Lewis' safe image." Lewis Corner from Digital Spy also picked up on the change of direction and commented that people would be "shocked," but then added that "when "it results in an emotive anthem like this, we hope she unleashes it more often." "The Guardian"s Michael Cragg called "Trouble" a return to the "safer" templates of her first two albums, but praised the song's production calling it "a vaguely trip-hop beat buffeted by soaring strings and a troubled lyric in the chorus." Like previous reviews, Cragg also praised Gambino stating that he "manages to stamp his own personality on the song" despite appearing near the end of the song and that perhaps it was Lewis' best chance at "regaining her footing in America".
In a later review, Corner said that "Trouble" was built around "echoing beats and heart-tugging piano riff," which when combined with "her unmistakable falsetto" was as dramatic as a scene from the film "The Hunger Games". Elena Gorgon from Softpedia echoed earlier sentiments, concluding that the song "was powerful, it's heartfelt and it confirms Leona as one of the most remarkable vocalists of the day." However MSN's Danielle Cheeseman said that "Trouble" being a safe return to what Lewis has always done wasn't necessarily a good thing. In her review, Cheeseman called the song the "same melodrama" as past Lewis songs and that due to the song sounding familiar to Sandé's song "Daddy", "Lewis has yet to find her own stride". Corner featured "Trouble" on his weekly playlist "10 Songs You Need to Hear" for the week beginning 27 August 2012. There he described elaborated that the song was a welcome return for Lewis thanks to "big beats, big strings and even bigger vocals". Whilst the majority of reviews praised Gambino's appearance on the song, Cheeseman described the collaboration as "a saviour" but that it did nothing for Lewis' "credibility". Her review was subtitled "Leona Lewis Tries to Convince Us She's 'Trouble' — We're not buyin' what she's sellin'" and concluded that if the best that "Glassheart" could preview after all the delays was "Trouble", "it won't be worth the wait." "NME"s Jeremy Allen agreed, praising the production on "Trouble" as "slick" but stating that from Lewis it does not come across with conviction nor is it believable.
Chart performance.
On 12 September 2012, "Trouble" was added the C-Playlist of UK mainstream radio station BBC Radio 1. A week later it was moved up to the B-Playlist. "Trouble" made its Irish Singles Chart debut at number twenty-one, becoming her eighth top-thirty single. It is Lewis's third single after "Footprints in the Sand" (2008) and "I Got You" (2010) to miss the top five. In the United Kingdom the song fared somewhat better, debuting at number two on the R&B Singles Chart and number seven on the main UK Singles Chart. "Trouble" is the second single to miss the top five in the UK after "I Got You", but is Lewis' ninth UK top ten. In total, "Trouble" spent four weeks within the top 100. Elsewhere, song made a brief appearance Swiss Singles Chart, where it peaked at number seventy-five for one week before dropping off the chart, and at number ninety-three on the South Korea Gaon International singles chart.
Music video.
Background.
A music video for "Trouble" began production on 22 August 2012 with Lewis confirming, via her Twitter account, that "Teen Wolf" actor Colton Haynes will play her love interest in the video. It is the second time that Lewis has enlisted a Hollywood actor to play a love interest, previously casting Chace Crawford to play her leading man in the video for Lewis' single "I Will Be" (2009). According to MSN's Felicity Thistlewaithe, Haynes was chosen due to his physical resemblance to Lewis' ex-boyfriend Lou Al-Chamaa, who is thought to be the inspiration for the song. Haynes said that his and Lewis' managers were good friends and thus the casting was arranged through them. Described by Capital FM as "Lewis enduring an awkward break-up" interpolated with "time when the couple were happy and in love," the music video for "Trouble" uses the solo version of the song, which excludes Childish Gambino's rap verse. It was filmed in Los Angeles and sees the relationship between Haynes and Lewis unfold in various scenarios, particularly focussing on how the couple argue before walking away from each other.
Helmed by Raul B. Fernandez, the principle filming of the video took place in just one day. While filming the bedroom scene for the video, Lewis fell from the bed and injured her toe. A doctor was called on set to examine the injury, but Lewis was given the all clear and resumed filming barefoot for the rest of the video. On 29 August 2012, the official lyrics video was uploaded to Lewis' YouTube page. Two weeks later, Lewis uploaded some still images from the music video. On 14 September 2012, Lewis uploaded the official music video for "Trouble" to her VEVO account. Behind-the-scenes footage from the video shoot was released on 4 October 2012, and shows Lewis and Haynes filming each of the scenes with commentary from Fernandez, Haynes and Lewis.
Synopsis.
The video begins with a view of the apartment that Lewis and Haynes shared. Books and a vase lay strewn across the floor, while Lewis weeps in the corner and Haynes watches from a distance teary-eyed. The video switches to several other shots of Lewis singing the first verse, looking morose. In a third shot, Lewis is seen standing on a rooftop against the Los Angeles skyline dressed in a dark red crop top. Then the video switches to Lewis standing in front of projected images of the memorable times of her relationship with Haynes. Lewis and Haynes are seen sat at opposite ends of the sofa looking into the distance, spliced with more scenes of Lewis on the rooftop. The couple are seen during an awkward dinner before switching to images of the couple in bed together, seemingly happy. As the chorus kicks in for the first time, the couple are seen arriving at a party, with Lewis wearing an aqua-coloured dress with a portion of her midriff revealed, meanwhile Haynes wears a plaid shirt and jeans. Initially the couple are content, embracing guests but socialising separately and avoiding contact with each other. The camera switches between these and the earlier scenes of Lewis in front of projected images and the LA skyline throughout the chorus. As Lewis sings "I'm a whole lot of trouble/ We're in a whole lot of trouble", she glances over to see Haynes flirting with another girl.
In the following verse, Lewis and Haynes are seen having several embraces, some joyful while others are more tense as Lewis is sad. The couple are then seen leaving the party; Haynes walks over to Lewis and attempts to kiss, but she proceeds to push him away. During the second airing of the chorus, more images of happy scenes between the couple are spliced with Lewis waking up in bed to find Haynes has slept on the sofa. More passionate embraces between the couple are seen before Lewis is seen breaking down in tears. At the breakfast that follows, the couple break into a series of arguments. Lewis shoves Haynes onto the sofa, and Haynes grabs Lewis as she turns away. Lewis then slaps Hayne around the face. During the middle eight breakdown in the song, Haynes throws books from a shelf, and Lewis throws objects at Haynes including a cushion, as well as pushing over a lamp. Haynes subsequently leaves, driving away into the distance, and Lewis falls to the wall and breaks down in tears.
Reception.
Anna Lewis from Heatworld.com praised the music video and said that fans who "like listening to good tunes and looking at hot guys" would be impressed. In the review A. Lewis also commended the decision to hire Haynes and summarised by saying "Bravo Leona. Bravo." 4 Music's Chris Younie agreed calling Lewis "one lucky lady," as well as being surprised by the video. In his review Younie said "If you thought butter-wouldn't-melt in the mouth of Leona Lewis, think again, as the video gets steamy!" He concluded by praising the song and video's potential with the comment " could be another No 1 for the ballad-belting beauty."
Promotion and live performances.
In a 24 August 2012 newsletter to fans about the upcoming release of "Trouble," it was announced that aspiring musicians and fans could produce their own remix for "Trouble" and win the chance to have their remix released along with the single. Lewis told fans, "I can't wait for you guys to start remixing 'Trouble'. It is such an important song to me and I know that you will put all your creative talents into it! I'm looking forward to hearing what you come up with and don't forget there are some great prizes to be won too!" Lewis and Fraser T Smith (co-producer and co-writer of the song) were amongst the judges for the shortlisted songs. Matty Graham won the competition, and his remix of "Trouble" was released alongside the original version as part of a Digital EP available exclusively to MyPlayDirect.com, Lewis' official music store.
On 5 September 2012, Lewis uploaded her first live performance of "Trouble" to her official Vevo account. The acoustic performance was recorded live in a studio in just one take, and was filmed in black and white. The video features a stripped vocal performance set against a minimal cello and piano production. It is one of five such acoustic performances that Lewis recorded of songs from "Glassheart" in August 2012. Deekay from soul music website Soulculture.co.uk praised the acoustic performance, saying that while the original version "just about added up to the sum of its individually brilliant parts", the acoustic " perhaps even better than the original". The reviewer praised Lewis' balance of "powerhouse vocals with the soul and emotion that her critics claim she lacks".
A tour of local radio stations in the UK began on 17 September, lasting for four days and visiting six cities to promote both "Trouble" and "Glassheart". Lewis performed "Trouble" live for the first time on ninth series of "The X Factor", the same show which launched Lewis' career six years earlier. "Music Week" magazine was first to reveal that Lewis would be performing over the first live shows on 7 October, directly preceding the song's release. Dressed in a purple Ariella Courture gown, Lewis' performance was called "flawless" by writers for the "Daily Mail", who commended Lewis for cementing her comeback. On 12 October 2012, Lewis performed "Trouble" live on "", and a day later reprised the performance during at set at G-A-Y nightclub in London. Internationally, Lewis took to the stage for second season finale of "The Voice of Germany", where she performed "Trouble" as a duet with finalist Michael Lane. "Trouble" is performed as the eleventh song on the set list of Lewis' 2013 tour called the Glassheart Tour.
Credits.
Credits adapted from album booklet.

</doc>
<doc id="36788943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788943" title="Charles Anderson (mineralogist)">
Charles Anderson (mineralogist)

Charles Anderson (b. 5 December 1876 in Stenness, in the Orkney islands of Scotland; d. 25 October 1944 in Darlinghurst, New South Wales, Australia) was an Australian mineralogist and palaeontologist. He was director of the Australian Museum from 1921 to 1940.
Career.
Charles Anderson was the youngest son of John Anderson of Moa, Stenness, Orkney Islands. He had eight siblings (two brothers, six sisters). After finishing school in Stennes and Kirkwall he was matriculated at the University of Edinburgh to study chemistry, crystallography, geology, mineralogy, physics, and zoology. He also obtained distinction in English Literature, Latin, and senior mathematics. In 1898 he graduated to Master of Arts, in 1900 to Bachelor of Science and in 1908 to Doctor of Science. On 21 July 1901 he joined the Australian Museum as mineralogist. On 18 January 1902 he married Elsie Helen Robertson with whom he had two daughters and one son. He initially began his research work in morphological crystallography and the chemistry of minerals in Australia. In 1911 he visited several European museum collections whereat he reported in 1912. In 1916 he published the crystal measurements and drawings of 45 mineral species in Australia. He later concentrated on the research field of vertebrate palaeontology. When fossils of a second "Meiolania" species were discovered on Walpole Island, he published a revision of the whole genus in 1925. After the death of Robert Etheridge, Junior (1847–1920), Anderson become appointed director of the museum which he stayed until his retirement on 31 October 1940.
He was president of the Royal Society of New South Wales (1924), the Linnean Society of New South Wales (1932), the Anthropological Society of New South Wales (1930 and 1931), and the Geographical Society of New South Wales (1941 and 1942). He was among the founders of the Art Galleries and Museums Association of Australia and New Zealand, and a member of the Australian National Research Council. Additionally he was a corresponding member of the American Museum of Natural History, New York, and a corresponding member of the Zoological Society of London. He was one of the honorary secretaries of the Royal Society of New South Wales from 1935 to 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36788946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788946" title="Diyogha">
Diyogha

Diyogha is a settlement in the Kavango Region in the north of Namibia. It is situated approximately east of Rundu and belongs to the Mukwe Constituency. Diyogha is served by the Roman Catholic Holy Family Parish in Andara.

</doc>
<doc id="36788950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788950" title="German submarine U-336">
German submarine U-336

German submarine "U-336" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 28 March 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 208, launched on 4 December and commissioned on 14 February 1942 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hans Hunger.
Service history.
After training with the 5th U-boat Flotilla, she moved to the 1st flotilla for front-line service in December 1942.
The boat carried out five patrols, sinking one ship.
She was a member of ten wolfpacks.
1st patrol.
The boat's first patrol was very brief; starting and finishing in Kiel on the 12th and 13 November 1942.
2nd patrol.
Her second foray also started in Kiel, but terminated in Brest in occupied France after passing between the Faroe and Shetland Islands. She sank the Belgian tanker "President Francqui" on 29 December 1942 north of the Azores. The ship had already been hit by two torpedoes. "U-336" finished her off with a 'coup de grâce'.
3rd patrol.
The submarine's third sortie was again into the mid-Atlantic. She spent days scouring the empty wastes, but returned to Brest without success.
4th patrol.
'"U-336"s fourth patrol was, at 71 days, her longest. She was attacked by an unidentified aircraft on 10 July 1943 west of Lisbon. Slight damage was the result.
5th patrol.
"U-336" left Brest for the last time on 14 September 1943. Initially she headed west, out of the Bay of Biscay. On the 24th, she turned north.
Fate.
On 5 October, she was sunk by rockets fired by a British Lockheed Hudson of No. 269 Squadron RAF in the Denmark Strait, (between Greenland and Iceland).
Fifty men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36788967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788967" title="Chittenden Memorial Bridge">
Chittenden Memorial Bridge

The Chittenden Memorial Bridge is a concrete and steel arch bridge across the Yellowstone River just upstream from the Upper Yellowstone Falls in Yellowstone National Park. First constructed in 1903 as a Melan Arch bridge by park engineer Captain Hiram M. Chittenden US Army Corps of Engineers, the bridge was known as Chittenden Bridge from 1912 to 1963 when it was replaced with a more modern structure. This bridge provides road access from the Grand Loop Road to the secondary road on the south rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone that allows visitors to see the upper and lower Yellowstone Falls from the south rim.
History.
The first bridge was built in 1903. Chittenden describes the process in his 1915 history of Yellowstone:
By 1912, six years after Chittenden left his duties as park engineer, the bridge had become known as the Chittenden Bridge. In 1961, after a lot of public protest, the National Park Service tore down the original bridge and replaced it with a more modern, wider structure suitable for the type of vehicle traffic the park was experiencing. In an opening ceremony in 1963, the new bridge was christened the Chittenden Memorial Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36788975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788975" title="Pauliina Aalto">
Pauliina Aalto

Pauliina Aalto (born 25 November 1967) was a Finnish Ten-pin bowling player at International level.
Biography.
Aalto was born in Helsinki in 1967. Aalto took up Ten-pin bowling in 1979. She took part World contest in 1993 where she won a Gold medal for the doubles. Between 1993 and 1997 she won numerous medals including 11 gold medals. Aalto and her partner organised a contest in 2008 in Lahti in Finland where they owned a bowls shop.

</doc>
<doc id="36788985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36788985" title="Koson'">
Koson'

Koson' (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
Geography.
The village is located around 20 km northwest of Berehove. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast.
History.
It was first mentioned as Kozun in 1333.
Population.
Nowadays the population includes 2338 inhabitants, mostly Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36789063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789063" title="1935 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1935 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Helen Moody defeated Helen Jacobs 6–3, 3–6, 7–5 to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1935 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36789083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789083" title="Charline von Heyl">
Charline von Heyl

Charline von Heyl (born 1960) is a German artist best known for her abstract painting. She also works with drawing, printmaking, and collage. She lives and works in New York and Marfa, Texas, together with her husband and fellow painter Christopher Wool.
Early life and education.
Von Heyl was born to a German lawyer and French-born psychologist in Mainz. She grew up in Bonn and later studied with Jörg Immendorff at Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg and with Fritz Schwegler at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf. Immendorff later invited her to work for him as his assistant in Düsseldorf. She moved to New York in the mid-1990s.
Work.
Von Heyl is often seen as part of one of several leading female contemporary painters, a group which also includes Cecily Brown, Jacqueline Humphries, Laura Owens, Jutta Koether, Amy Sillman and Emily Sundblad.
Using a wide range of imagery, from found photographs and drawings to comic books, von Heyl alternates between collage-based works on paper and painting on canvas. To make her collages, she rips images into shapes, drops them onto pages she has photocopied, spray-painted, and marked with ink, and then manipulates them by hand. Von Heyl does not make studies for her paintings, and does not begin with a pre-conceived idea, allowing the works to be determined rather by the decisions that arise in the process of their making.
In fall 2008 her artist’s book "Sabotage" was published by Xn Editions and Christophe Daviet-Thery in Paris. The book was previewed, with an introductory note by the artist, in the October 2008 "Artforum".
Von Heyl maintains an expansive studio in the Brooklyn Navy Yard in New York. Both Wool and von Heyl had residencies in Marfa in 2006 and 2008, respectively, and today they share a studio building there.
Exhibitions.
In 2005, von Heyl's exhibition "Concentrations 48: Charline von Heyl" was held at the Dallas Museum of Art in Dallas, Texas, USA, and in 2009, her work was exhibited in "Le jour de boire est arrivé" held at Le Consortium, a contemporary art center in Dijon, France.
In 2011-2012, Heyl had two major traveling retrospectives. "Charline von Heyl, Now or Else" started at the Tate Liverpool in Liverpool, England and subsequently traveled to the Kunsthalle Nürnberg in Nuremberg, Germany and the Bonner Kunstverein in Bonn, Germany. A second show, "Charline von Heyl", was exhibited within the USA at the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston and the Institute of Contemporary Art, Philadelphia.
Recognition.
Heyl was one of six finalists for the 2014 Hugo Boss Prize. In 2010, she was a recipient of the Wex Artist Residency, in association with the Wexner Center for the Arts of Columbus, Ohio.
Art market.
Heyl is represented by the Friedrich Petzel Gallery in New York City,
the Galerie Gisela Capitain in Cologne, and 1301PE in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36789196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789196" title="Myzery">
Myzery

Myzery is a Puerto Rican rapper, based in New York. He was one of the earliest artists to appear with Psychopathic Records, and released one album titled "Para La Isla" in 1998. Afterwards, he released various albums through other outlets via guerrilla tactics, and dismisses some songs because he had "no heart". After a period of obscurity, he reappeared in late 2011 to announce his return and upcoming new album titled "Demon/Angel".
Career.
Born in the Bronx, Myzery adapted the east side rap style while growing up through hard times. He expresses his street life and overall mentality through his music. He was involved in the rap group "Boriqua Bee-Hive" under the name Rhyme Recker. Eventually, his sister Nancy married rapper Jumpsteady, and the two had a daughter together named Sammy. Jumpsteady introduced Myzery to the Psychopathic Records family, and his brother Violent J of Insane Clown Posse took an interest in the Puerto Rican rapper, and offered him an outlet for his music in 1997.
Myzery's first widespread appearance with the label was a cameo in the music video for ICP's song Hokus Pokus off their 1997 album The Great Milenko. He went on tour with ICP, Twiztid, and Psycho Realm when his debut EP "Para La Isla" was released. He made an appearance on Twiztid's debut album Mostasteless, but the track ("Meat Cleaver") was cut on the reissue of the album.
Also during this time, Myzery appeared in the movie Big Money Hustlas as Green Willie and also was a member of the group Psychopathic Rydas as Twin Gatz. He appeared on their debut album "Dumpin"' in 1999 on numerous tracks. In addition, the tracks from his debut EP appeared on multiple Psychopathic Records compilations. He also appeared at the Gathering of the Juggalos and even in some matches for Juggalo Championshit Wrestling.
When Myzery was recording a follow-up, he had an altercation with labelmates Twiztid and Blaze Ya Dead Homie at a hotel. Violent J insisted that fighting within the family wasn't healthy, and Myzery distanced himself from Psychopathic. This beef was later squashed years later. From 2001 to 2006, Myzery released various albums under the radar, sometimes using beats from other artists. These include "The 4 Faces" and "DP Inc." which were initially supposed to be released under the Psychopathic Records label; however, Myzery himself dismisses some of these releases, stating that he "gave it no heart". Promotion was also very lightweight and underground. He also made a guest appearance on Jumpsteady's second album Master of the Flying Guillotine in 2005. From 2007 to 2009, rumors circulated on the internet that Myzery had died. Apparently, a friend of Myzery had created the rumor. But the intent wasn't to fake Myzery's death; rather, it was to signify that Myzery's rapping career had died. 
After the rumor was squashed, Myzery reappeared with the intent to continue rapping. He announced that his newest album is titled "Demon/Angel" (to be released in 2013), and he even appeared at the 2012 Gathering of the Juggalos. In addition, his rare underground album "Love Hate" became a free download on his website, along with a recording he did for the 2004 "Puerto Rican Day Parade". Also, Myzery compiled tracks that he considered worthy from his career, and released it as "His.Story".
Although Myzery is classified as a rapper, he describes his music as "read(ing) my diary over a beat with bars."

</doc>
<doc id="36789239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789239" title="Ewyas Harold Meadows">
Ewyas Harold Meadows

Ewyas Harold Meadows is a reserve managed by Butterfly Conservation near the village of Ewyas Harold, Herefordshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36789245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789245" title="Korps Commandotroepen">
Korps Commandotroepen

The Korps Commandotroepen (KCT) are the army special forces of the Royal Netherlands Army. It is one of the three principal units tasked with special operations in the Netherlands (the others being the "Maritime Special Operations Forces" (NL MARSOF) of the Netherlands Marine Corps and the "Brigade Speciale Beveiligingsopdrachten" (BSB) of the Royal Marechaussee), and it is deployable anywhere in the world under any circumstance, conducting all conceivable missions from the full spectrum of special operations, including counter-terrorism overseas.
The history of Korps Commandotroepen.
World War II.
The roots of the KCT go back to World War II. Under the name No.2 (Dutch) Troop, the first Dutch commandos were trained in Achnacarry, Scotland, as part of No. 10 (Inter-Allied) Commando. The unit was formed on March 22, 1942, the birthday of the present KCT. Its purpose was to conduct special operations, which, at the time, were operations that were considered too complex and too dangerous for conventional military personnel. The unit was disbanded in October 1945, but its members continued fighting in the Dutch East Indies, while others formed the Stormschool (1945–1950), located in Bloemendaal. In 1949, the Stormschool relocated itself to the "Engelbrecht van Nassaukazerne" in Roosendaal, now the home garrison of the present KCT.
Dutch East Indies.
Korps Insulinde (1942–1945) was tasked with conducting guerrilla warfare in Sumatra against the Japanese. After the Japanese capitulation, the Korps Insulinde was tasked with the search and rescue of (Dutch) POWs. In November 1945, the unit was disbanded, and its members hooked up with Depot Speciale Troepen and former members of "No.2 (Dutch) Troop" to form the Regiment Speciale Troepen (1945–1950). This new unit was involved in the Indonesian independence wars after World War II. After Indonesia's independence was acknowledged by the Dutch government in 1949, the RST returned to the Netherlands. On 1 July 1950, on parliamentary recommendation, the RST merged with the Stormschool in Roosendaal to form the present Korps Commandotroepen.
The modern KCT.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, much changed. Particular events shaped the organisation and capacity of the armed forces, and in particular, that of the KCT. With the threat of Cold War receding, many new conflicts appeared throughout the world. Since the 9/11 Attacks, worldwide terrorism has become the biggest threat, and there has been a very high demand for specialist counter-terrorism units, able to operate overseas. To keep up with these demands, the KCT's old role of "Commando Waarnemer-verkenner" (Commando Force Reconnaissance) was replaced by that of the modern and versatile "Commando Speciale Operaties" ("co-spec-ops", or Commando Special Operations).
The KCT switched from a "part conscript, part professional force" to a fully professional unit in 1995. The last conscripts made place for professional operators in 1996, when Dutch conscription was suspended. From here, the KCT underwent drastic changes in its structure and operational capability, and with great success. It grew to a mature, professional and versatile SF unit and built up a considerable reputation. Deployments to Bosnia, Kosovo, Macedonia, Iraq and more recently, Afghanistan provided many new insights and knowledge. Successful CT operations in Côte d'Ivoire (2004) and the Middle-East (2006) proved once again that the KCT is an extremely able, highly independent and versatile unit. It consists of four (103, 104, 105 and 108) independent Commando Companies, a staff company and a training company.
KCT operators wear a Commando Green beret. This shade of green is also in use by British Commando Qualified personnel and internationally often worn by other commando units.
The brass KCT beret emblem displays a Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife, hand grenade and a ribbon with the unit's "Nunc aut Nunquam" (now or never) motto on it. The background of the emblem consist of a gothic typeface "W", indicating the name Wilhelmina, Queen of the Netherlands from 1898-1948. The beret emblem is worn on a black background with a green border.
Selection and training.
The KCT accepts applications from both actively serving army personnel (infantry) and civilians. And conform the recruitment guidelines of the Royal Netherlands Army, accepts both men and women to join their ranks in special operations, but due to the extreme conditions during the selection, it has been deemed impossible for women to complete the entire trajectory.
Phase zero
In order to be considered for the KCT, all civilian and military candidates must participate in a three-day try-out. This try-out is to test each individual's physical and mental stamina, monitored by the KCT cadre and Defense psychologists, who will make a profile of each participant. The try-out's lay-out is kept secret, as a means to see how participants cope with sudden changes and stress. Military candidates additionally require certain military skills such as forced marches, obstacle course and speed march at a set time with medium load.
Phase one
Once positively considered, candidates continue to the psychological and medical screening, and if these are met with positive outcomes, they commence with initial training. Civilian candidates will be taken to the AMOL, a 17-week Air Assault school indoctrination with the Luchtmobiele Brigade (Air Assault Brigade), as a means to firmly prepare them with basic military skills and drills. Military candidates will skip this part, and start with the 8-week "vooropleiding" (VO), the "warm-up" as a preparation for the "elementary commando course" (ECO), which is the selection. Civilian candidates fresh out of the Air Assault School will join the military candidates here and train together towards 8–9 weeks of hell.
Phase two
With an attrition rate of 80-95% for experienced military personnel and 95-100% for civilian candidates, the ECO ("elementaire commando opleiding", elementary commando course) serves as the final training phase and selection. Though secretive, one can think of almost continuous physical and mental conditioning. Most of the 8–9 weeks is done outside of Roosendaal, and some parts in the Belgian highlands and mountains. The final week is the culmination exercise, "hell week", which is 5 days of continuous activity including escape and evasion, forced marches and speed marches, coupled with sleep deprivation. It concludes with a final forced march carrying full load to the KCT headquarters. There, the remaining candidates are awarded with the green beret.
Phase three
Passing out on the ECO grants temporary right to wear the green beret, and so the prospective operator continues with the "vaktechnische opleiding speciale operaties" (operator training course). This lasts as much as 12 months and trains the prospective operator in the full spectrum of special operations. The KCT operator is a counter-terrorism specialist, and is also trained as either a medic, a demolitions expert or sniper. New operational team leaders and senior NCOs will be trained as communications specialists. In addition, KCT teams each have a specialisation that is either operating in mountains (above the tree line), underwater or deployment by HAHO/HALO parachute. Each prospective operator will thus receive further training on team level when assigned to his team. By this stage, the operator is granted permanent right to wear the green beret. Eventually the operator will also complete the Counter Terrorism Course (CT).
Tasks.
"To prepare and to conduct all conceivable missions from the full spectrum of Special Operations such as :"
Not specifically belonging to Special Operations but also not unimportant :
Equipment.
Weaponry.
Small arms
Sniper rifles
Light weapons/remaining

</doc>
<doc id="36789261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789261" title="Ravindran Chetambath">
Ravindran Chetambath

Dr. Ravindran Chetambath is the Principal(Dean) of Calicut Medical College since July 2009. He is a medical doctor specialized in chest diseases and tuberculosis. He also serves as the Professor of Pulmonary medicine at Government Medical College, Kozhikode. He is the associate editor of Calicut Medical Journal. Presently, he is the appellate authority under the Right to Information Act and the Chairman of the Learning Resource Center of CMC. He has authored more than 100 research papers for both Indian and international journals and a handbook on pediatric respiratory illness. He also holds a Masters degree in business administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36789271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789271" title="John Ward (priest)">
John Ward (priest)

The Very Rev John Giffard Ward, MA was Dean of Lincoln from 1845 to 1860. A Fellow of New College, Oxford, he had previously held incumbencies in Chelmsford and Westminster He died on 27 February 1860

</doc>
<doc id="36789287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789287" title="It's Hard (song)">
It's Hard (song)

"It's Hard" is a song written by Pete Townshend that featured on British rock band The Who's tenth album, "It's Hard", of which it was the title track. It was released as the third and final vinyl single from the album in 1983, backed with the John Entwistle written song "Dangerous", but failed to chart, although it reached number 39 on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks. This would become the last Who single of new material until "Real Good Looking Boy" in 2004, and the last album single by them until "Black Widow's Eyes", two years later.
History.
The lyrics to "It's Hard" were written long before the actual song. It was originally presented to the Who in 1981 for the Who's previous album, "Face Dances", in the form of a demo called "Popular", but the band's reaction was cool towards it, as the album was nearly finished at the time. The music of "Popular" was later re-written and the lyrics slightly altered and the song, as "It's Hard", was shown to the Who again and this time featured on the album. The original demo of "Popular" is featured on the Pete Townshend solo compilation album "Scoop", which was released in 1983. The original mix featured an error in Townshend's opening guitar solo, which was fixed in the 1997 remix.
Live history.
"It's Hard" was only performed live on the tour promoting the album in 1982, featuring Roger Daltrey on rhythm guitar, which was a very rare occasion. It was played at every concert on the tour, and featured a short full-band jam at the end. The version from the tour's final show at Toronto's Maple Leaf Gardens on December 17 is included as a bonus track on the 1997 rerelease of "It's Hard"
The Who albums and videos featuring "It's Hard".
In order of release:

</doc>
<doc id="36789294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789294" title="Dear Prudence (band)">
Dear Prudence (band)

Dear Prudence are an alternative pop five-piece-band from Brighton fronted by Madeline Poncia.
2011-12: Career beginnings.
Dear Prudence formed in late 2011 and signed to London Records shortly after. The band picked up some early interest with features on NME and in Kerrang! magazine, along with a New Noise piece on Wonderland Magazine and Clixie Music Ones to Watch.
Dear Prudence take their name from the Siouxsie and The Banshees cover of The Beatles track “Dear Prudence”. Madi has cited Siouxsie and The Banshees along with The Cure and Depeche Mode as her main musical influences on several occasions.
Valentine.
On 22 April 2012 the band released their debut single ‘Valentine’ digitally, as well as a physical release through Rough Trade. The band performed the track on BBC2’s The Review Show along with a cover of ‘Echo Beach’ originally by Martha and the Muffins. Although the single did not chart the band picked up additional features in NME and Hit the Floor.
The band played Brighton’s The Great Escape Festival in May 2012, picking up another "ones to watch" feature courtesy of Drowned in Sound. Following the Great Escape Dear Prudence opened for Haim at a one off show in London’s Camden Town. The band more recently featured on producer Oliver Koletzki’s track, ‘You See Red’.
Coming Apart Again.
Dear Prudence released a new track in August 2012 which was made available on Facebook as a free download. ‘Coming Apart Again’ was added to the BBC Radio 1 playlist on August 20, the same week as the band’s appearance on the BBC Introducing stage at the Reading and Leeds Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36789297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789297" title="Mala Bijhany">
Mala Bijhany

Mala Biyhan (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
Geography.
The village is located around northwest of Berehove between Velika Bihany and Balazsér. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast.
History.
It was first mentioned as Bygan in 1332.
Population.
According to the official census of 2001, the population included 1300 inhabitants of whom more than 90% are Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36789301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789301" title="2012–13 Czech Cup">
2012–13 Czech Cup

The 2012–13 Czech Cup was the twentieth season of the annual football knock-out tournament of the Czech Republic. It began on 22 July 2012 with the Preliminary Round and ended with the final on 18 May 2013. FK Baumit Jablonec, the winners of the competition qualified for the third qualifying round of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League.
Preliminary round.
The Preliminary round was played on 22 July 2012.
First round.
The First round was played on 29 July 2012.
Second round.
12 teams from the Gambrinus liga enter at this stage. The second round was played on 29 August 2012.
Third round.
The top four teams from last season's Gambrinus liga enter at this stage. The third round is scheduled to be played on 26 September 2012.
Fourth round.
The fourth round is scheduled to be played on 31 October and 28 November 2012.
Quarter-finals.
The quarter-finals are scheduled for 2 and 9 April 2013.
Second Leg.
"FK Mladá Boleslav won 4–1 on aggregate."
"FK Baumit Jablonec won 6–4 on aggregate."
"FC Slovan Liberec won 4–2 on aggregate."
"AC Sparta Prague won 8–4 on aggregate."
Semi-finals.
The first legs of the semi-finals were played on 24 April and 1 May 2013, and the second legs were played on 8 May 2013.
Second Leg.
"FK Baumit Jablonec won 5–4 on aggregate."
"FK Mladá Boleslav won 3–2 on aggregate."
Final.
The final was played on 17 May 2013 in Chomutov.

</doc>
<doc id="36789318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789318" title="1990 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
1990 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

John McEnroe was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Marc Rosset won the title, beating Mats Wilander 6–3, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36789328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789328" title="Pro-Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University">
Pro-Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University

The Pro-Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University is an academic officer at the university, acting on behalf of the Chancellor in their abscenece, or when the office is vacant. As Pro-Chancellor, the holder is also appointed as ""Chairman of the Board of Governors"" which includes chairing governor meetings and representing the board. The office in its own right is also representative of the university at certain events and engagements. All activities concerning the everday functioning of the university are conducted by the Vice-Chancellor
The first Pro-Chancellor was John Moores, Jr., CBE, eldest son of Sir John Moores, CBE whom the university is named after. He was appointed in 1992 following the creation of the new generation university. Professor Maureen Williams became the second Pro-Chancellor in 1994 after serving as the universities Deputy-Chair of Governors, later being succeeded by Commodore Rod Walker who served four years in office.
As of 2007, Sir. Malcolm Thornton currently serves as the Pro-Chancellor and Chair of Governors.

</doc>
<doc id="36789376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789376" title="Aktjubocheilus">
Aktjubocheilus

Aktjubocheilus is an oncocerid Nautiloidea genus from the Upper Devonian (M Famenian) included in the Acleistoceratidae, a family characterized by depressed, or rarely compressed, exogastric brevicones and cyrtocones.

</doc>
<doc id="36789441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789441" title="Karnataka State Football Association">
Karnataka State Football Association

The Karnataka State Football Association (abbreviated KSFA) is one of the 36 Indian State Football Associations that are affiliated to the All India Football Federation.
Background.
Karnataka State Football Association (KSFA) is the governing body for football in the state of Karnataka. It was started in the year 1946 which was then known as Mysore State Football Association (MSFA).

</doc>
<doc id="36789447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789447" title="The World of Abnormal Psychology">
The World of Abnormal Psychology

The World of Abnormal Psychology is an educational video series produced by Annenberg Media, which examines behavioral disorders in humans. The series is hosted by Dr. Philip Zimbardo of Stanford University, who is best known for his controversial Stanford prison experiment.
Overview.
This series builds on Zimbardo's first series Discovering Psychology and is often shown on PBS stations in the United States. The series has been used in courses at seminaries, and as a resource for teachers. The American Psychological Association lists the series under "Education and Psychology".
Episodes.
The series has 13 episodes, each focusing on a different area of abnormal behaviour.

</doc>
<doc id="36789481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789481" title="Kodai Mazhai">
Kodai Mazhai

Kodai Mazhai () is a 1986 Tamil movie with Prasad, Vidhya, Amala in lead roles.
Directed by Muktha S. Sundar, music by Ilayaraja and lyrics Pulamaipithan & Mu Metha, Vaali, Na. Kama Rajan
Soundtrack.
Track title - Artist - Lyricist
Kaatrodu Kulalin - Chitra - Pulamaipithan
Thuppaki Kaiyil Yeduthu - Illayaraja - N. Kama Rajan
Pala Pala Kuruvi - Uma Ramanan, Shoba Chandrasekar - M. Metha
Then Thoongum Poovey - Janaki - Vaali

</doc>
<doc id="36789498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789498" title="Daentl Towsend Siegel syndrome">
Daentl Towsend Siegel syndrome

Daentl Towsend Siegel syndrome is a very rare disorder characterized by blue sclerae, kidney malfunction, thin skin, and hydrocephalus. It was first identified by D.L. Daentl et al. in 1978. Daentl Towsend Siegel syndrome is also known as "Hydrocephalus blue sclera nephropathy" and "Familial nephrosis, hydrocephalus, thin skin, blue sclerae syndrome".

</doc>
<doc id="36789562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789562" title="History of Liverpool F.C. (1985–present)">
History of Liverpool F.C. (1985–present)

The history of Liverpool Football Club from 1985 to the 2013–14 Liverpool F.C. season covers the period from the appointment of Kenny Dalglish as manager, the Hillsborough disaster, the club's return to European competition in 1991, and the club's performance in the Premier League.
Dalglish was appointed as manager after Joe Fagan resigned following the Heysel Stadium disaster, which resulted in Liverpool being banned from European competition for an indefinite period. Dalglish had the dual role of player and manager and in his first season the club won the league championship and FA Cup. This marked the first time the club had won the competitions in the same season, thus completing their first double. They failed to retain the title the following season finishing second to neighbours Everton F.C. Dalglish reshaped the team, signing John Aldridge, John Barnes and Peter Beardsley to replace outgoing players such as Ian Rush and Sammy Lee. The club regained the league championship, but lost the final of the FA Cup to Wimbledon F.C., to prevent a repeat of the double. The following season saw the club involved in one of the worst disasters to occur at an English football stadium. 96 of the club's supports lost their lives on 15 April 1989, as a consequence of being crushed against perimeter fencing due to overcrowding at the Leppings Lane End of Hillsborough stadium, during an FA Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest. Liverpool subsequently won the FA Cup, defeating Everton in the final. They again missed out on the double, as they were beaten to the league championship by Arsenal by goals scored, after the two teams finished the season tied on 76 points. Liverpool regained the league championship in the 1989–90 season to win their 18th title. Dalglish resigned the following season, as Liverpool finished second to Arsenal.
Former player Graeme Souness was appointed as manager and he won the FA Cup in his first full season in charge. Liverpool beat Sunderland 2–0 in the final. Despite this, the club finished in sixth position, the first time they had finished outside the top two since 1981. Liverpool fared no better in the 1992–93 season, again finishing sixth. A poor start to the 1993–94 season resulted in Souness being replaced by Roy Evans midway through the season. Liverpool improved to fourth the following season and won the Football League Cup. The team improved under Evans' stewardship finishing fourth, third and fourth in the following season under his reign. They also reached the final of the FA Cup in 1996, but lost to Manchester United. After finishing third during the 1997–98 season, Gérard Houllier was appointed co-manager alongside Evans. The arrangement lasted until November when Evans resigned. The team improved under Houllier and after finishing fourth during the 1999–2000 season, they won a unique treble of trophies the following season. They finished second to Arsenal during the 2001–02 season, their highest league finish since 1991. The following seasons were disappointing as Liverpool were unable to improve on the previous season's exploits finishing fifth and fourth respectively. As a result Houllier was sacked at the end of the 2003–04 season.
Houllier's replacement was Rafael Benítez. Despite finishing fifth in the league, Liverpool won the UEFA Champions League for the fifth time. They defeated Italian club Milan in the final courtesy of a penalty shoot-out after being three goals behind at half-time. Liverpool improved to third in the league the following season, and they also won the FA Cup. West Ham United were defeated in the final after another penalty shoot-out. Midway through the following season, Liverpool were bought by Americans Tom Hicks and George Gillett. The club again reached the final of the UEFA Champions League against Milan, but this time they were defeated by 2–1. The 2008–09 season saw Liverpool finish second in the league to Manchester United. Despite this, the following season was a disappointment, as the club finished in seventh place. Benítez left at the end of the season and was replaced by Roy Hodgson. At the start of the 2010–11 season, Liverpool were on the verge of bankruptcy. The club were sold to New England Sports Ventures following a high court ruling after the club's creditors requested the club be sold. Hodgson was replaced by former manager Dalglish midway through the season. He won the Football League Cup in his second spell, but was replaced by Brendan Rodgers after finishing eighth in the 2011–12 season.
Success at a cost.
Dalglish became manager following the resignation of Fagan after the Heysel Stadium disaster. He started by replacing long-serving full-backs Phil Neal and Alan Kennedy with Steve Nicol and Jim Beglin. Liverpool started the 1985–86 season poorly and were ten points behind Manchester United at the end of September. They continued to stutter until the end of the season when they won eleven of their last twelve matches, as their rivals were dropping points. Liverpool needed to beat Chelsea in the last game of the season to win the league championship. A goal from Dalglish secured the championship. The club also progressed to the final of the FA Cup, where they faced Everton. Liverpool went behind to a first half goal from Gary Lineker, but two goals from Ian Rush and a Craig Johnston goal in the second half secured a 3–1 victory. Thus the club had achieved a double of league championship and FA Cup in the same season for the first time.
At the start of the 1986–87 season, it was announced that Rush would leave the club for Italian team Juventus when the season was finished. Midway through the season Dalglish signed John Aldridge, who would replace Rush when he left. Despite his impending departure, Rush scored 40 goals during the season. It was not enough to help Liverpool retain the trophies they won the previous season, as they finished second in the league behind Everton, and were knocked out of the FA Cup in the third round by Luton Town. The club did reach the final of the Football League Cup, but they were beaten 2–1 by Arsenal. At the end of the season Dalglish signed Peter Beardsley and John Barnes to improve their attacking options. The signings had the desired effect as Liverpool only lost two games during the league. They did not suffer defeat until their 29th match against Everton and regained the league championship. The club had the chance to complete the double, as they reached the final of the FA Cup against Wimbledon. Despite being favourites against a club who had only become a member of The Football League eleven years previously, they lost the match 1–0.
Rush returned to Liverpool for the start of the 1988–89 season. Liverpool struggled at the start of the season and by January they were nine points behind leaders Arsenal. However, by April the teams were level on points, with Arsenal leading on goal difference. By this time, Liverpool had reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup against Nottingham Forest at Hillsborough stadium on 15 April 1989. Six minutes into the match it was abandoned; overcrowding at the Leppings Lane end of the ground resulted in the death of ninety-six people, as they were crushed against perimeter fencing. Ninety-four fans died, in what became known as the Hillsborough disaster, that day; the 95th victim died in hospital from his injuries four days later and the 96th died nearly four years later, without regaining consciousness. Liverpool won the replayed match 3–1 to reach the final against Everton. They led for the majority of the match courtesy of a goal from Aldrdige. Stuart McCall scored in the 89th minute to take the game into extra-time. Substitute Rush scored in the 95th minute, but McCall scored again in the 102nd minute to level the match. Another goal from Rush two minutes later, secured a 3–2 victory for Liverpool. Once again, Liverpool had a chance to complete the double. Their last match of the season was against second placed Arsenal, who were three points behind the club. Arsenal needed to win the match by two clear goals to win the league championship, they took the lead in the 52nd minute, with the match in injury time, Michael Thomas scored to give Arsenal a 2–0 victory. The result meant Arsenal won the championship on goals scored.
Following the end of the season, an inquiry, headed by Lord Taylor was set up to establish the causes of the Hillsborough disaster. The subsequent Taylor Report, found that failure of place control was the main reason for the disaster and recommended that major stadia remove terracing and become all-seater stadia. Liverpool started the 1989–90 season in good form, which included a 9–0 victory over newly promoted Crystal Palace. Eight different players scored for the club, the only time this has occurred in English football. The club suffered a blip in October and November when they lost four games, but they recovered to go unbeaten until a 1–0 loss to Tottenham Hotspur in March. Following the match Liverpool signed forward Ronny Rosenthal on loan from Standard Liège to boost their attacking options. His impact was immediate, he scored seven goals in eight appearances, including a hat-trick against Charlton Athletic to help Liverpool to their eighteenth league championship. The club progressed to the semi-finals of the FA Cup, but they were unable to defend the trophy, losing 4–3 to Crystal Palace after extra time.
Decline.
Liverpool started the 1990–91 season in good form, as they won their first eight league games. They remained unbeaten until a 3–0 loss to Arsenal in December, which was followed by another to Crystal Palace at the end of the month. The club's form began to tail off and Arsenal moved above them in January. After a 4–4 draw against Everton in an FA Cup replay in February, Dalglish announced his resignation as manager, citing stress as the reason. Coach Ronnie Moran was installed as caretaker manager, he won three of the ten matches he was in charge of, as they fell further behind Arsenal. Former player Graeme Souness was announced as manager in April, but the club were unable to catch Arsenal, who won the league by seven points. Souness reshaped the team during the 1991–92 season, as he sold a number of players including Bearsdley, Gary Gillespie and Steve McMahon. He bought Dean Saunders for £2.9 million, but the league campaign was unsuccessful for Liverpool, as they finished in sixth position, the first time they had finished outside the top two since 1981. The club did reach the final of the FA Cup against Sunderland, which they won 2–0. The season saw Liverpool compete in Europe for the first time since the Heysel stadium disaster in 1985, they were readmitted a year after other English clubs. Competing in the UEFA Cup, Liverpool reached the quarter-finals where they beaten by Italian team Genoa 4–1 over two-legs.
The start of the 1992–93 season saw the start of the redevelopment of Anfield following the recommendations of the Taylor report. A second tier was added to the Kemlyn Road stand, which included executive boxes and function suites as well as 11,000 seats. Renamed the Centenary Stand, it was officially opened on 1 September 1992 by Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) president Lennart Johansson. In the inaugural season of the Premier League, Liverpool had a poor season; they again finished in sixth place, losing fifteen of their forty-two matches. They did not fare better in cup competitions, exiting early in the FA Cup, League Cup and UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. The 1993–94 season started well for Liverpool as they won their first three games. However, their form dipped in the league as they lost four consecutive games. One positive was the emergence of striker Robbie Fowler from the club's youth team. He scored on his first-team debut against Fulham in the first leg of the League Cup and scored all five goals in the return leg as Liverpool won 5–0. Liverpool continued to struggle during the season, culminating in a defeat to Bristol City in an FA Cup replay. Souness was sacked after the match and replaced by coach Roy Evans. The club's form did not improve under Evans and they ended the season in eighth place after losing sixteen of their forty-two games.
Following on from the construction of the Centenary Stand, the Spion Kop was redeveloped for the start of the 1994–95 season. The stand became all-seater, retaining the single tier with a reduced capacity of 12,000. Evans first full season in charge was more successful than the previous seasons. Liverpool finished the season in fourth place, their best finish since the departure of Dalglish. The club performed well in cup competitions; they reached the sixth round of the FA Cup, before losing 2–1 to Tottenham Hotspur and reached the final of the League Cup against Bolton Wanderers. Two goals from Steve McManaman helped Liverpool to a 2–1 victory as they won their fifth League Cup. The season also saw a number of long-serving players leave the club, as Grobbelaar, Steve Nicol and Ronnie Whelan all left during the season. Before the start of the 1995–96 season, Liverpool signalled their intent to improve upon the previous season by signing forward Stan Collymore for a British club record £8.5 million. Collymore made an immediate impact scoring the only goal in a 1–0 win over Sheffield Wednesday in the first game of the season. Liverpool were unable to sustain a challenge for the league championship over the course of the season and finished in third place. Despite exiting the UEFA Cup and League Cup in the early rounds, the club reached the final of the FA Cup against Manchester United. However, an 85th minute goal from Eric Cantona secured a 1–0 victory for United.
Liverpool started the 1996–97 season in good form, by the turn of the year they were top of the league, two points clear of Arsenal. The club were unable to maintain their form during the rest of the season, losses to Coventry City, Manchester United and Wimbledon resulted in the club finishing the season in fourth position. Despite early exits in the League and FA Cup, Liverpool reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. They were unable to progress after a 3–0 defeat in the first-leg, despite winning the second leg 2–0 and were knocked out 3–2 on aggregate against French team Paris Saint-Germain. Liverpool were without striker Fowler for the start of the 1997–98 season after he suffered knee ligament damage in a pre-season friendly. This was offset by the emergence of Michael Owen, who scored eighteen goals from thirty-six appearances. Paul Ince was signed to replace Barnes who left the club to join Newcastle United. Despite this, Liverpool were unable to challenge eventual winners Arsenal and finished thirteen points behind in third place. Further redevelopment took place at Anfield during the season with a second tier added to the Anfield Road stand.
Fluctuating fortunes.
Liverpool decided to appoint Frenchman Gérard Houllier as co-manager alongside Evans for the 1998–99 season. The arrangement did not last long, poor results put pressure on the partnership and after a 3–1 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur in the League Cup, Evans resigned. Houllier's first game as sole manager was a 3–1 defeat to Leeds United. Liverpool's form did not improve under Houllier and early exits in the UEFA and FA Cup, where followed with the club finishing the season in seventh place outside of the qualification spots for European competition. Houllier began to reshape the squad at the start of the 1999–2000 season. A number of players were brought into the squad such as Dietmar Hamann, Sami Hyypiä and Sander Westerveld, while players such as David James, Ince and McManaman left the club. Houllier continued the reshaping into the season when he signed forward Emile Heskey for a club record £11 million in March. With the absence of European competition, Liverpool's performance in the league improved. They finished the season in fourth place, though they did not fare so well in FA and League Cup, exiting early in both competitions.
The 2000–01 season was the best in recent years for Liverpool, as they won three competitions to complete a unique treble of trophies. The first trophy the club won was the League Cup after they beat Birmingham City 5–4 in a penalty shoot-out after the match had finished 1–1. They then won the FA Cup, as Owen scored two goals in the last ten minutes to overturn a one goal deficit to win the match 2–1 against Arsenal. The final trophy the club won as the UEFA Cup. An own goal in the last minute of extra time by Delfí Geli secured a 5–4 victory over Spanish team Alavés. Liverpool finished the season in third place in the league, securing a return to the European Cup (now rebranded as the UEFA Champions League) for the first time since the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985. The club's participation in the UEFA Champions League in the 2001–02 season saw the club reach the quarter-finals, where they were eliminated by German team Bayer Leverkusen 4–3 on aggregate. The season was Liverpool's best in the league in recent years, as they finished in second place, seven points behind Arsenal. Despite their improved performance in the league, Liverpool were unable to defend the FA and League Cup they won the previous season exiting in the fourth and third rounds respectively.
Liverpool started the 2002–03 season in good form, they were unbeaten in their first twelve games in the league, which gave them a seven point lead. A defeat to Middlesbrough in their next game, started a run of twelve games without victory until they beat Southampton 1–0 in January. The club were unable to regain their form from earlier in the season and finished the season in fifth place. Despite early exits in the FA Cup and UEFA Champions League, Liverpool won the League Cup defeating Manchester United in the final. The 2003–04 season started poorly for Liverpool as they lost their first game 2–1 to Chelsea. Their form did not improve and by the end of the year they had lost six of their eighteen matches in the league. The club's form improved in the second half of the season and they only lost a further four games to finish in fourth position securing a place in the 2004–05 UEFA Champions League. Liverpool's form cup competitions was poor as they exited the UEFA and League Cup in the fourth round. They progressed a round further in the FA Cup, but were eliminated by Portsmouth 1–0 in a replay. At the end of the season Houllier was replaced as manager by Rafael Benítez.
The 2004–05 season was a disappointment in the league as Liverpool finished in fifth place outside of the UEFA Champions League qualification places. Despite their poor form in the league, the club performed well in cup competitions, the FA Cup withstanding, where they were eliminated in the third round by Burnley. The club reached the final of the League Cup, but were unable to beat Chelsea, losing 3–2. Liverpool also reached the final of the UEFA Champions League and it appeared the club would lose their second final of the season when they were 3–0 down to Italian team Milan at half-time. However, three goals in six minutes saw Liverpool draw level at 3–3, no goals in extra time meant the match went to a penalty shoot-out, which they won 3–2. A fifth-place finish in the Premier League meant Liverpool were not guaranteed entry into the Champions League, and faced the prospect of not being able to defend their European title. UEFA eventually ruled that they would be allowed to do so, but would be required to start in the first qualifying round. Despite being allowed to enter the competition they were unable to defend the trophy, as they were eliminated in the first knockout round by Portuguese team Benfica. Liverpool's performance in the league improved in the 2005–06 season as they finished in third place. They also reached the final of the FA Cup where they faced West Ham United. Liverpool won 3–1 in a penalty shoot-out after the match finished 3–3 to win the competition.
Downturn.
The 2006–07 season saw Liverpool come under new ownership as American businessmen George Gillett and Tom Hicks bought the club in a deal which valued it and its outstanding debts at £218.9 million. Liverpool again finished the season in third place, as they finished twenty-one points behind Manchester United. Despite exiting to Arsenal in both the FA and League Cup, the club reached final of the UEFA Champions League where they again faced Milan. The result was different from the match in 2005, as Liverpool were unable to recover a two goal deficit and lost the match 2–1 Benítez made a number of signings, including Ryan Babel, Yossi Benayoun and Fernando Torres for a club record £24 million, in an attempt to improve the club's performance during the 2007–08 season. The signings, Torres in particular scoring 33 goals during the season, had an effect as the club only lost four league games during the season. However, they drew thirteen of their thirty-eight matches and finished the season in fourth place. Liverpool exited the FA and League Cup in the fifth round, but performed well in the UEFA Champions League. They reached the semi-finals for the third time in four seasons, where they faced Chelsea, who won 4–3 on aggregate.
The 2008–09 season was the club's best in recent years. A 5–1 victory over Newcastle United in December gave Liverpool a three point lead in the league with half of the season remaining. They suffered a blip in January, not winning any games and despite good form for the remainder of the season, they were unable to catch Manchester United and finished in second place. Liverpool's form in the league did not carry over to the FA and League Cup as they were eliminated in the fourth round of both competitions. They performed better in the UEFA Champions League, where the club reached the quarter-finals, but were again eliminated by Chelsea. The 2009–10 season was a disappointment for Liverpool as they were unable to improve on the previous season's performance, finishing seventh in the league. They lost eleven matches, nine more than the previous season, to finish outside the top four for the first time since 2005. The club also suffered poor form in the UEFA Champions League, they were eliminated in the group stages and subsequently entered the UEFA Cup (now rebranded as the UEFA Europa League). They performed better in the Europa League, where they reached the semi-finals. Their opponents were Spanish team Atlético Madrid, who progressed to the final on the away goals rule after the tie finished 2–2 on aggregate. Benitez left the club by mutual consent at the end of the season and was replaced by Roy Hodgson.
The club was sold to Fenway Sports Group during the 2010–11 season. Accounts had shown that Liverpool were £350 million in debt with losses of £55 million, causing auditor KPMG to qualify its audit opinion. The Royal Bank of Scotland who were the club's creditors, took owners Gillett and Hicks to court to force through a sale. The court ruled in the creditors favour and the club was sold to Fenway Sports Group for £300 million on 15 October 2010. On the pitch, Liverpool's performances were poor. A 3–1 defeat to Blackburn Rovers in January, left the club in twelfth place in the league with nine defeats from twenty games. Hodgson was sacked after the match and replaced by former manager Dalglish. Despite a loss in his first match against Manchester United in the FA Cup, Liverpool improved under Dalglish and eventually finished the season in sixth place. Dalglish bought a number of players at the start of the 2011–12 season, including Charlie Adam, Stewart Downing and Jordan Henderson. Despite the arrival of new players, their performance in the league did not improve, as they finished in eighth place, the club's worst finish in eighteen years. Liverpool's performed markedly better in the League and FA Cup, as they reached the final of both competitions. The club won a record eighth League Cup, with a 3–2 penalty shoot-out victory against Cardiff City after the match finished 2–2. Liverpool were unable to repeat their success in the FA Cup, as they lost the final 2–1 to Chelsea. The season was marred by the Luis Suárez racial abuse incident in October during a match against Manchester United, in which Suarez racially abused Patrice Evra, and was fined £40k and banned for eight games. Dalglish was sacked at the end of the season and replaced by Brendan Rodgers.

</doc>
<doc id="36789583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789583" title="Georges Maurice Jean Blanchard">
Georges Maurice Jean Blanchard

Georges Blanchard (1877-1954) was a French military officer. He served in the French Army in World War I on the western front. In World War II he was a general, commanding the French First Army, which advanced into Belgium during the Battle of Belgium.
Military career.
1914-1918.
During the first world War, he served on the western front against the Germans.
Interwar Period 1918-1939.
In 1927-1930 Blanchard was the deputy chief of staff for the French Army of the Rhine. From 1930 to 1932 Blanchard was chief of staff to General Adolphe Guillaumat. In 1932 he was promoted to general, and commanded the artillery of the 2nd Military Region. From 1935 to 1938 Blanchard was commanding general of the 7th Military Region. In 1938 and 1939 he was a member of France's Supreme War Council, director of the "Centre des Hautes Études Militaires" (Centre of Military High Studies) and Inspector-General for the Centres of Higher Military Education.
World War 2 1939-1940.
Blanchard was appointed to command the First Army on 2 September 1939. The First Army encountered German armored forces at the Battle of Hannut in May 1940 with success, but was forced to fall back to Lille after other French and allied formations started to retreat. At Lille the First Army Group provided a blocking force that permitted the evacuation of Dunkirk. Blanchard took over the First French Army Group on 23 May 1940 following the accidental death of General Gaston Billotte. The First Army Group ceased to exist on 29 May 1940, six days after Blanchard took command. After a time as inspector of the 9th and 12th Military Regions for the Vichy regime, he retired in 1940.
Blanchard was awarded the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour in early June 1940 by French premier Paul Reynaud at the recommendation of Maxime Weygand, in honor of his actions which allowed the escape of so many soldiers at Dunkirk. Blanchard died on November 23, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="36789619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789619" title="Balashovia">
Balashovia

Balashovia is an oncocerid Nautiloidea genus from the Middle Devonian, (lower Eifelian), included in the Archiacoceratidae, a family characterized by compressed, exogastric, cyrtocones with a large, actinosiphonate, dorsal siphuncle. 

</doc>
<doc id="36789634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789634" title="Paul Rougnon">
Paul Rougnon

Paul-Louis Rougnon (24 August 1846 – 11 December 1934) was a French composer, pianist and music educator.
Biography.
Paul Rougnon was born in Poitiers the son of Louis Rougnon and Claire Clotilde Robin. A student at the Lycée Bonaparte (now the Lycée Condorcet), he entered the Conservatoire de Paris in 1861 as an auditor, then a full-time student in 1862. He studied piano, music theory and composition with such masters as Édouard Batiste, François Bazin, Ambroise Thomas, Antoine François Marmontel and César Franck. He received degrees in music theory in 1865, harmony in 1868 and counterpoint in 1870.
In 1873, at age 27, Rougnon became a professor at the Conservatoire, then under the directorship of Ambroise Thomas. He taught music theory, counterpoint and fugue until his retirement in 1921. His students include Alfred Cortot, Yves Nat, Fernand Oubradous, Noël Gallon, and Henri Mulet. In addition to teaching, he was an administrator for the choral societies Orphéon and Sociétés musicales mutuelles. He composed choral works especially for these ensembles. After the turn of the century, he began to work with various magazines including "Piano-Soleil", "Le Monde Musical", "Le Ménestrel", "Le Monde Orphéonique" and "L'Harmonie".
As a prolific composer and writer, he composed more than 300 musical works in addition to literary and pedagogical volumes. He composed hundreds of piano pieces, two operas, some chamber music, and also vocal and choral works. In 1896, under the tenure of Théodore Dubois, the Conservatoire began the practice of charging composers to write contest pieces. Rougnon began composing works for this purpose, particularly for piano, viola, flute, and trumpet. His treatises on music theory and piano pedagogy are still in use today.
Rougnon received a gold medal for his collective works of music education at the 1900 Exposition Universelle in Paris. In 1911, he was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.
Rougnon married Marie-Louise de Beurmann in 1887 and had five children. He died on 11 December 1934 at his home in Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
Selected works.
Compositions.
This is a list of compositions sorted by genre, opus number, date of composition (or publication), and title.

</doc>
<doc id="36789648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789648" title="Prerna Wanvari">
Prerna Wanvari

Prerna Wanvari is an Indian television actress. She has done several TV shows, like "Bandini", "Koi Aane Ko Hai", "Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai" and "Parichay". She presented the "Arts Programming Award" at the International Emmy Awards Gala which was held at New York's Hilton Hotel on November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36789671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789671" title="Martin Boyle">
Martin Boyle

Martin Boyle (born 25 April 1993) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Scottish Championship side Dundee, as a striker
Club career.
Boyle started his senior career with Montrose. He made his first senior appearance in a 2009–10 Scottish Cup tie against Hibernian, aged 16. In season 2009/10, he played for Scotland Schoolboys against Republic of Ireland, Wales, Ireland and England. Boyle scored the Scotland goal in a 4–1 defeat against England at Carlisle. Martin was top scorer for the Montrose Under 17 team in season 2009/10 and also finished 20010/11 as top scorer in the Under 19 side. He once scored six times in an Under 19 fixture against Airdrie United in 2010.
Boyle signed a senior contract in August 2010 and scored his first goal for the first team in a victory over Clyde soon after. He followed that up by scoring the winner against Arbroath in the Scottish Cup and ended the season with four goals. Boyle signed a new deal in 2011 and went on to win a starting role the following season.
Boyle made 9 starts and 16 further substitute appearances in his first season, scoring 3 goals. In the 2011–12 season, he made 41 appearances in all competitions, scoring 22 goals, which he was not only the club's top scorer. On the final game of the season, Boyle scored his first hat-trick of his professional career, in a 5–0 win over Clyde. He received an award for scoring most goals in the Scottish Football League. Boyle trained with Aberdeen, but returned for pre-season training with Montrose, playing in their 2–0 defeat to Stenhousemuir on 7 July. Boyle made four appearance (one in the league and three in the cup, playing two in Challenge Cup and one in the Scottish League Cup) in the new season.
Boyle signed for Scottish Premier League club Dundee in August 2012. Boyle then made his debut, coming on as a substitute for Jim McAlister in the Dundee derby, which Dundee lost 3–0 on 19 August 2012. However, Boyle only made ten appearance (all in total) for the club. This is mostly, due to Boyle on the bench, being unused.
In January 2013, Boyle was linked with a move to Alloa Athletic on loan, but the move was cancelled over the rules, which was introduced by the SFA, which prohibs players to sign for three clubs in one season, having played for Dundee and Montrose this season. Instead, Boyle signed for his former club Montrose on loan for the rest of the season. He made his debut for the club, in a 1–1 draw against Rangers. The next game on 2 February 2013, Boyle scored his first goal for the club, since returning, in a 4–1 win over East Stirlingshire and a week after, Boyle since went on the goalscoring form. On 23 February 2013, Boyle scored four goals, in a 5–1 win over Annan Athletic. Because of his goalscoring form, Boyle was awarded February's IRN-BRU SFL Young Player of the Month.
Following his impressive display at Montrose, Manager John Brown confirmed that Boyle will remain at the club in the 2013–14 season. After making seventeen appearance this season, Boyle scored his first goal for the club, in a 1–0 win over Hamilton Academical in Paul Hartley first match as a Dundee Manager. After the match, Manager Hartley praised Boyle's performance and was unaware of his first goal tally. In 2014 Dundee had a Competitive Rivalry with Hamilton Accies and both teams struggled for 1st place and Dundee's 2nd last match at home was against Cowdenbeath the match ended with Dundee pulling off a skilled performance in beating the Blue Brazils 4-0 in which Martin Boyle scored 2 goals. </ref>
Awards.
2011–12 SFL Top Scorer

</doc>
<doc id="36789677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789677" title="Literature of Bahrain">
Literature of Bahrain

The literature of Bahrain has a strong tradition in the country. Most traditional writers and poets write in the classical Arabic style, contemporary poets that write in this style include Ali al-Sharqawi, Qassim Haddad, Ebrahim Al-Arrayedh, and Ahmad Muhammed Al Khalifa. In recent years, the number of younger poets influenced by western literature are rising, most writing in free verse or prose poetry, and often including political or personal content. Almost all publications of poetry in the country are in Arabic, with poetry rarely published in English without requiring prior translation. 
Ali al-Sharqawi, a decorated longtime poet, is considered by many to be the literary icon of Bahrain.
History.
In August 2004, the supernatural thriller book "QuixotiQ", by former Bahraini journalist Ali Al-Saeed, was published, marking the first time ever a Bahraini author has published a novel directly in English without requiring a translation. In February 2011, Bahraini writers, artists and intellectuals signed a statement declaring their solidarity with the Egyptian revolutionary movement.
Female writers.
Poetry was the principal form of literature Bahraini women engaged in during the 20th century. In fact, it was estimated that one-sixth of all Bahraini poets between 1925 and 1985 were women. Prominent female writers at the time included the likes of Iman Asiri, Fatima al-Taytun, Fathiya 'Ajlan, Hamda Khamis and Fawziyya al-Sindi. 
In the second half of the 20th century, prose as well as free verse poetry gained popularity in the country, especially amongst women. However, it was only until 1969 did women finally emerge on the free verse and prose scene, with the publication of "Shazaya" (, meaning "shrapnel") by Hamda Khamis, which was coincidentally Khamis' first experience in poetry. Iman Asiri was the first recorded poet to write and publish a prose poem in the country in the late 1960s. 
Bahrain in literature.
Bahrain was the site of the ancient land of Dilmun, which was mentioned in ancient text, Epic of Gilgamesh. Legend also states that it was the location of the Garden of Eden. Bahrain has a setting in James Joyce's "Finnegans Wake". Lucy Caldwell's award-winning novel, "The Meeting Point", is also set in Bahrain.

</doc>
<doc id="36789683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789683" title="Peter Finbow">
Peter Finbow

Peter Finbow (born 17 May 1975) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal life.
Finbow was born on 17 May 1975 in Bradford, Yorkshire, northern England. He had a road accident at the age of sixteen years old. He is a Paraplegic, meaning that he has an impairment in motor or sensory function in his lower extremities. In 2010, Finbow admitted in court to a £30,000 benefit fraud, as he had failed to admit his Lottery funding.
Wheelchair basketball.
Finbow is classed as a 2.0 wheelchair basketball player. He currently trains with the Oldham Owls. He has played wheelchair basketball for more than twenty years, first spending fourteen years with the Tameside Owls. He first represented Great Britain in 2000.
Finbow played his first championship at the European Championships in 2001-02, in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He finished in fourth position. At the 2002 World Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Kitakyushu, Japan, he got a silver medal; finishing in second place. At the 2003 European Championships in Sassari, Italy. Along with his team, he finished in third place, achieving bronze. In 2004, he played for the Great British Paralympic team in the 2004 Summer Paralympic Games held in Athens. He managed to reach third place, along with his team, winning an Paralympic Bronze medal. In 2005, he competed in his second European Championship, this time held in Paris, France. He achieved a silver medal. In the 2006 World Championships in Amsterdam, Finbow was out of the medals. He finished in fifth place. 2007 saw a silver medal at the European Championships, held in Wetzlar, Netherlands. Finbow participated in his second Paralympic Games, the 2008 Summer Paralympics, held in Beijing, China. Along with his team, they finished in bronze medal position. Finbow also achieved bronze at the 2009 European Championships, held in Adana, Turkey. In 2011, there was a victory at the 2011 European Championships, held in Nazareth, Israel. He finished, along with his team, in first place.

</doc>
<doc id="36789691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789691" title="Good Cop">
Good Cop

Good Cop is a British police procedural television series first broadcast on BBC One and BBC One HD set in the city of Liverpool. The plot centres around an ordinary police constable whose life changes forever when his best friend and colleague is attacked in a savage ambush. It was revealed on February 2013 that the series would not return.

</doc>
<doc id="36789768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789768" title="Football at the 2003 All-Africa Games – Men's tournament">
Football at the 2003 All-Africa Games – Men's tournament

Qualifying.
The following 8 nations qualified for men's play at the 2003 All Africa Games:
Final tournament.
Group stage.
Group A.
Group A final standings
"Top 2 teams advanced to the Semifinals."
Group B.
Group B final standings
"Top 2 teams advanced to the Semifinals."

</doc>
<doc id="36789788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789788" title="Lawrence Kaufmann">
Lawrence Kaufmann

Lawrence R. Kaufmann is a Senior Advisor to Navigant Consulting, Pacific Economics Group, and Pacific Economics Group Research LLC. He develops and undertakes supporting empirical research on performance based regulation (PBR) and competitive market reforms for energy utilities. He has worked with many leading utilities in North America on these issues and has spearheaded PEG Research's overseas practice. Dr. Kaufmann has been particularly active in Australia, where he has advised energy utilities or regulatory commissions in five of the six Australian states on a variety of topics. His specialties include PBR plan design, statistical benchmarking, estimating total factor productivity, and incentive regulation theory. He is also a specialist and expert witness on service quality issues. He is an advisor to Ontario Energy Board staff on issues of alternative regulation and benchmarking. Dr. Kaufmann is an author of two dozen publications and has provided expert witness testimony more than 35 times. He holds a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Wisconsin, and before joining PEG, he was a Senior Economist at Christensen Associates. He has also worked as an international economist for a large commercial bank and as an economist at the Credit Union National Association. 
Kaufmann was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri and graduated in 1980 from St. Louis University High School. He holds a BA in Economics with honors (Class of '83) and a MA in Economics (Class of '84) from the University of Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="36789865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789865" title="Polygraph (disambiguation)">
Polygraph (disambiguation)

A polygraph is a forensic instrument.
Polygraph may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36789876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789876" title="Erin Hartwell">
Erin Hartwell

Erin Hartwell (10 June 1969) is an American cyclist. He won the Silver Medal in Men's track time trial in the 1996 Summer Olympics and a Bronze medal in Men's track time trial in 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36789901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789901" title="Ed Macfarlane">
Ed Macfarlane

Ed Macfarlane (born 15 May 1984) is a singer, bassist, keyboard and synthesiser player, producer and the principal songwriter of English indie rock, dance punk, synth-pop band Friendly Fires. He is often called by the nickname "Ed Mac" to avoid confusion with his bandmate and guitarist Edd Gibson. He has written, co-written, produced or co-produced all of Friendly Fires' songs.
Background and education.
Macfarlane attended St Albans School in Hertfordshire, where he met his future bandmates Edd Gibson and Jack Savidge. They formed their first band, a post-hardcore band, called First Day Back, at age 13. Because St. Albans lacked big name artists coming into town to do shows, the three often went into London for shows (""St. Albans is close enough to London that no one ever wants to go near it."") Macfarlane looks upon the lack of gigs or scene in St. Albans as a benefit to living there, saying to American music blog PopWreckoning in an interview at Dot to Dot Festival in Nottingham in May 2009, ""...I like the fact that in St. Albans, there are no distractions."" The band took advantage of this peace and quiet, using Macfarlane's parents' garage in St. Albans to record their debut album "Friendly Fires".
He attended Nottingham Trent University, earning a BA (Hons) in photography in 2006. He has said his time there influenced his development as a musician: ""My course at NTU was great, there was a lot more theory than I originally thought there would be, but it’s helped me no end. We were always encouraged to describe why we’ve created something – which I apply to my music all the time. It’s really inspired me to question my music and think about the sound or feeling I’m trying to create.""
Early solo work.
Before releasing music with Friendly Fires, Macfarlane released electronic music under his own name, including the "Modelwork" EP with Precinct Recordings.
Style of dancing in Friendly Fires.
While Macfarlane sings lead vocals and plays bass guitar and synth during Friendly Fires' live performances, it is his style of dancing that has received much of the attention surrounding their gigs. His dancing style was described by a punter at one of the band's earliest American shows at the Glass House in Pomona, California, on 23 August 2009 like this: ""Seriously. He's shaking it like I have NEVER seen it shaken before. Not just for one song, but for the entire night. He's putting every dirty dancer, everyone who's ever freaked like a freak on the floor, to utter and total shame. He's stuntin' like your daddy up there, from the very first second of the show, and all the while he's singing like his life depended on it.""
Macfarlane's style of seemingly inexhaustible, conga-inspired dancing during the band's festival appearances and gigs has become legendary and customary at all their performances. In April 2009, the band performed at their first Coachella Festival, and despite the heat, the Friendly Fires frontman didn't disappoint fans, giving it his all: ""I remember having about six bottles of water next to my synthesiser. It was painfully hot, and I still have to dance to our music and I still have to get into it. After one song, you feel shrivelled up like a raisin. You have to keep hydrating yourself. The crowd were great, the tent was completely rammed.""
Notable collaborations.
He is friends with Alex Frankel and Nick Millhiser of New York City electronic duo Holy Ghost!. It was this friendship that led to their respective bands to release a split 12" single in March 2010. It has been rumoured that the initial idea to collaborate was hatched when the two bands performed and partied together at the 2009 Calvi on the Rocks summer music festival on the French island of Corsica. On the 12", Friendly Fires covered Holy Ghost!'s "Hold On"; Holy Ghost! covered Friendly Fires' "On Board". The 12" also included instrumental versions of both songs; the download version of the 12" included a dub version of Holy Ghost!'s "On Board".
Macfarlane contributed lead vocals to New York City-based producer FaltyDL's track "She Sleeps", which appears on the producer's 2013 album "Hardcourage". Macfarlane's vocals also feature on English electronic duo Disclosure's track "Defeated No More", which appears on the act's 2013 debut album "Settle".

</doc>
<doc id="36789905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789905" title="Champions Professional Indoor Football League">
Champions Professional Indoor Football League

The Champions Professional Indoor Football League (CPIFL) is an indoor football league based along the Midwestern United States region. The league began play in February 2013.
Season Structure.
During the Off-Season, teams hold Open Tryouts for Free-Agent players to earn invites to Pre-Season camps. Free Agent Tryouts range from October to January depending on the individual team. Pre-Season typically runs the duration of February and can involve exhibition games with teams inside the league or outside teams in other leagues. The Regular Season schedule is a 12 game format typically starting in Mid-March and going until Mid-June. Each team will play six home games and six road games typically on Friday and Saturday nights with some exceptions like Sunday afternoon games. The four teams with the best overall record at the end of the season qualify for Post-Season play. Teams with the best record host the first round of the playoffs. The league currently does not have a divisional split. The second round of the playoffs is considered the CPIFL Championship game to crown the league champion each year.
League history.
In August 2012, Sioux City Bandits' managing partner, Bob Scott, generated the idea of a league that would be run by team owners, and not by a president. The idea came after the Bandits had spent two years in the American Professional Football League. The focus was to build the highest level of indoor football in the Midwest by adding teams to the league, linking "well-established teams currently coming from Iowa, Missouri and Kansas." The CPIFL brought together the top indoor football teams in the Midwest from existing leagues such as the Arena Football League, Indoor Football League, and the APFL to fill the new league. The CPIFL is bringing back rivalries from the past. Oklahoma vs. Wichita, Lincoln vs. Omaha, and Omaha vs. Sioux City are a few examples. The league gained its first member on August 11, 2012, when the Bandits officially announced their intentions to join the CPIFL. Also on August 11, the league voted that James Bain would be the league's first Commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="36789917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36789917" title="Football at the 2003 All-Africa Games – Women's tournament">
Football at the 2003 All-Africa Games – Women's tournament

Qualifying.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
• MCA Pursuing From Karnataka State Open University. 
• Graduation from Lucknow University.
• Intermediate from U.P. Board.
• High school from U.P. Board.
Final tournament.
Group play.
Group A.
Group A final standings
"Top 2 teams advanced to the Semifinals."
Group B.
Group B final standings
"Top 2 teams advanced to the Semifinals."

</doc>
<doc id="36790043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790043" title="Henry Aldridge">
Henry Aldridge

Marvin Warren "Henry" Aldridge (April 27, 1923 – February 2, 2002) was a dentist and member of the North Carolina House of Representatives. 
A native of Craven County, North Carolina, he moved to Greenville in the 1940s, and obtained his undergraduate degree from East Carolina University (ECU). He received his dental degree from the Medical College of Virginia School of Dentistry in 1950. Aldridge practiced as a dentist in Greenville, North Carolina for 50 years. 
Aldridge served on the Greenville City Council for a number of terms, and was elected to the North Carolina House (Ninth District) in 1994, defeating Democratic incumbent Charles McLawhorn. He achieved notoriety in 1995 when he asserted that rape victims could not get pregnant. In the context of a debate regarding whether the state should stop funding abortions for poor women, he stated, "The facts show that people who are raped, who are truly raped, the juices don't flow, the body functions don't work, and they don't get pregnant." He later stated that his comments were "stupid." Aldridge's 1995 comments were revisited in August 2012, in light of controversy surrounding U.S. Senate Candidate Todd Akin's similar comments.
He was re-elected to his seat in 1996. In 1998, Aldridge also received some press attention when, noting a report that non-white infant mortality rates were nearly twice as high as for white infants, commented that he doubted the report "because it seems that most of the black people I know are bigger and tougher and stronger than whites." Aldridge said afterwards that his comments were intended to be complimentary, as "Black men are generally bigger, strong, better athletes. I would suggest that you take a look at the professional baseball, basketball, and football teams." A black state legislator, Sen. Bill Martin, commented that he did not believe Aldridge's comments had "malicious intent."
Aldridge retired from office in 1998, after losing to Democratic candidate Marian N. McLawhorn in the 1998 election. He died at age 78 on February 2, 2002. 
Aldridge was also very active in community organizations, serving as president of the Pitt-Greenville Chamber of Commerce, Greenville Lion’s Club, Greenville Boy’s Club, and Greenville Little League. He also served as president of the ECU Alumni Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36790066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790066" title="World Mosquito Day">
World Mosquito Day

World Mosquito Day, observed annually on 20 August, is a commemoration of British doctor Sir Ronald Ross's discovery in 1897 that female mosquitoes transmit malaria between humans. Ross is responsible for the annual observance, having declared shortly after his discovery that the day should be known as World Mosquito Day in the future.
The London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine holds Mosquito Day celebrations every year, including events such as parties and exhibitions, a tradition dating back to as early as the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="36790067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790067" title="Ivor Davidson">
Ivor Davidson

Ivor Davidson is Professor of Systematic and Historical Theology at the University of St Andrews. Prior to rejoining the University of St Andrews faculty in 2009 he was Professor of Systematic Theology at the University of Otago, New Zealand, where he had taught since 1997 and was appointed to a personal chair in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36790074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790074" title="Mark Newton Lowry">
Mark Newton Lowry

Mark Newton Lowry is the President of Pacific Economics Group Research LLC and a noted authority on the regulation of energy utilities. His chief contribution to the field has been to use rigorous statistical cost research in regulation, taking advantage of advances in economic statistics and the abundant data on utility operations that are available from state and federal agencies in the United States. He pioneered the use of input price and productivity research in the design of multi-year rate and revenue cap plans for energy utilities in early proceedings in the Northeast and California. This approach to regulation is now widely used in Canada and several countries overseas. Still active in this field, Lowry played a prominent role this year as a productivity witness in a closely watched Alberta proceeding. He has also been a leader in the introduction of rigorous statistical benchmarking methods in utility regulation. 
The regulatory lag inherent in traditional regulation has been a recent focus of his work. In addition to multi-year rate plans, he is an expert on less technical remedies for regulatory lag such as revenue decoupling, forward test years, formula rates, capital cost trackers, and attrition allowances.
Lowry has authored white papers for Edison Electric Institute (EEI) on forward test years and Altreg remedies for regulatory lag. He recently testified in five proceedings in the mid-Atlantic states in support of forward test years and capex trackers to support accelerated system modernization. He has also provided testimony in proceedings leading to the approval of thirteen decoupling plans. In Washington state, he is testifying currently in support of a traditional attrition allowance.
Before joining PEG, Dr. Lowry was a Vice President at Christensen Associates. Dr. Lowry has also served as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Mineral Economics at Pennsylvania State University and as a Visiting Professor at l'Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales in Montreal. His research and teaching featured the use of mathematical theory and econometrics in industry analysis. The role of storage in markets for energy and agricultural commodities was a research specialty. 
Born in Cleveland, Lowry was raised in Shaker Heights, Ohio. The son of a local attorney, he graduated in 1970 from Hawken School in Gates Mills, Ohio. He attended Princeton University and holds a BA in Ibero-American Studies and a Ph.D. in Applied Economics from the University of Wisconsin. He has written extensively on regulatory issues and chaired numerous conferences on Altreg and benchmarking.
Publications on utility regulation.
Alternative regulation
Benchmarking
Code of conduct
Other regulation

</doc>
<doc id="36790078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790078" title="Supa (disambiguation)">
Supa (disambiguation)

Supa is a village in Southern Estonia.
Supa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36790083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790083" title="Nicetas the Confessor">
Nicetas the Confessor

Nicetas the Confessor may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36790137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790137" title="Cabin Fever (Corb Lund album)">
Cabin Fever (Corb Lund album)

Cabin Fever is the seventh studio album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans. It was released by New West Records on August 14, 2012.
The album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize on June 13, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36790138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790138" title="2010–11 Tribute Cornwall/Devon League">
2010–11 Tribute Cornwall/Devon League

The 2010–11 Tribute Cornwall/Devon League was the 24th full season of rugby union within the eighth tier of the English league system. Bideford the champions and the runners–up St Austell were promoted to the Tribute Western Counties West for 2011–12. Saltash, Stithians and Roseland were relegated to Tribute Cornwall One for the following season. For the first time the points scoring system with bonus points for tries, etc. was introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="36790141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790141" title="Jonas Arnell">
Jonas Arnell

Jonas Henry Arnell (born February 28, 1969 in Örebro, Sweden) is a Swedish Research Officer/Ombudsman for the Swedish Teachers' Union. He has written many articles on orders of chivalry, medals and fraternal organizations and has appeared in the media as expert in the field.
Biography.
Arnell is raised in Eskilstuna and attended the natural science programme at the St. Eskil's School. In 1994 he received a degree of Bachelor of Education at Linköping University. After that he was Ombudsman and later President of the Teacher training college Student Union of Linköping och Norrköping 1995-1996 before it was united with another Student Union to form a single Philosophical Faculty Student Union, which he co-founded and named. He has since received a degree of Bachelor of Social Science at Stockholm University.
In 1999 Arnell launched a lobby campaign towards the MPs of the Parliament of Sweden to reinstate the Order of the Seraphim and the Order of the Polar Star for Swedish citizens as well as reinstating the dormant Order of the Sword and the dormant Order of Vasa. This contributed to his subsequent employment as Political Secretary at the Parliament Chancery of the Christian democrats the following year, as of 2001 Political Advisor on Education and Culture. During this time he was secretary for the Christian democrats' report "A Socialist University Sector" (2005), which after submission to the Constitutional Committee and in the voting of the Parliament led to a reprimand of the Minister of Education Thomas Östros, being a less common outcome for the opposition side. He also made the draft for a noted article with ten proposals concerning teachers, publiceized on the World Teachers’ Day 2005, of which teacher license have been imposed by the Alliance for Sweden government. He was also co-secretary of the final report "More Knowledge - A Modern Education Policy " form the Alliance for Sweden's committee on education. Since 2012 he is Research Officer for the Swedish Teachers' Union.
Married to Åsa Arnell (née Ahlin), Ph.D. in Economics and Political Advisor (Moderate Party) in the Coordination Chancellery under the Prime Minister. He has four children. Jonas Arnell is cousin to the retired County Antiquarian in Kalmar County Kjell-Håkan Arnell.
Orders and Medals.
In 1998 Arnell created a website, since 2003 on www.arnell.cc, where he accounts for genuine and fake orders of chivalry, medals and fraternal organizations in Sweden, and a blog on orders & medals news. He has also been webmaster, f.i. to the Swedish Lieutenancy of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre (2006-2010) and the Nordic Maltese Aid Society (2007-2010). Since 2011 tied to www.all-medals.com/. Apart from the web, Arnell has written a great number of articles on orders and medals, has lectured and commented orders and medals in media. Arnell has also been "Vitézi Hadnagy" (President, litt. Knights' Lieutenant) for the Order of Vitéz in Sweden 2006-2013 and Acting Judge for the Royal Brotherhood of the Order of St Michael of the Wing in Sweden 2012-2013.
Awards and Decorations.
"Other Chivalric Awards"

</doc>
<doc id="36790155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790155" title="Paranavaí Airport">
Paranavaí Airport

Edu Chaves Airport is the airport serving Paranavaí, Brazil. 
It is operated by the Municipality of Paranavaí under the supervision of Aeroportos do Paraná (SEIL).
History.
The airport is presently dedicated to general aviation.
Airlines and destinations.
Currently no scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Paranavaí.

</doc>
<doc id="36790175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790175" title="José Romera">
José Romera

José Antonio Romera Navarro (born 8 September 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Jablonec in the Czech Republic, as a right defender.
Football career.
Born in Xirivella, Valencian Community, Romera never played in higher than Segunda División B in his country, representing in the category Levante UD B and CF Gandía. In Tercera División he played for CD Onda and Gandía.
Romera had never played outside his hometown prior to 2012, but went to FK Dukla Prague in the summer of 2012 on trial. He signed a one-year contract in July. After having played in the Czech league for a season, Romera signed a two-year extension to his contract in July 2013, tying him to the club until 30 June 2015. Romera scored his first league goal for Dukla on his 28th appearance, scoring into an empty net in a 1–1 draw against Mladá Boleslav in August 2013. Romera scored his second league goal for Dukla in September 2013, a header in a match against Jablonec in a 1–1 draw. Having spent two seasons with Dukla, Romera signed a three year contract with Jablonec in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36790177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790177" title="Matt Sealy">
Matt Sealy

Matt Sealy (born 21 June 1982) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal life.
Sealy was born on 21 June 1982 in Toronto, Canada. He currently lives in Maidenhead, Berkshire. He became a paraplegic in 1985 after a car accident.
Wheelchair basketball.
He was introduced to wheelchair basketball by his mother, when she took him to a National Junior Games taster session in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire in 1993. Since then, he has played wheelchair basketball for over seventeen years. He is classed as a 2.0 wheelchair basketball player. He once played for an Italian wheelchair basketball squad. He spent twelve years with Super League Club Aces. He helped this team win gold in the Super Wheelchair Basketbal League Cup. He has represented Great Britain under 22s (Team GB under 22s) in two European Championships. He made his official Great Britain debut at the BT Paralympic World Cup in 2006. Since then, he has played in European Championship and World Championship matches for Great Britain.
Despite his long career, Sealy has only competed in three championships as a senior. The first was the 2009 European Championships, held in Adana, a agricultural city in southern Turkey. In this event, he won a bronze medal; coming third place, along with the British team. In 2010, he played in the 2010 World Wheelchair Basketball Championships, held on home soil in Birmingham, England. However, the team finished in fifth place in this event. In 2011, he was in the 2011 European Championships, held in Nazareth, northern Israel. This match saw a victory for Sealy and his team.

</doc>
<doc id="36790199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790199" title="Sant Agustí des Vedrà">
Sant Agustí des Vedrà

Sant Agustí des Vedrà is a small village in the West of the Spanish island of Ibiza. The village is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is located on designated road PM803. The village is North West of Ibiza Town and from Ibiza Airport. to the North East of the village is the coastal town of Sant Antoni de Portmany.
Location.
This small village sits of the main road on top of a hill and commands views across the countryside. The village consist of three narrow streets clustered around the small parish church At the heart of the settlement. The village is made up of a few old farmhouses (Finca) and an ancient stone defence tower. The fields surrounding the village have grapevines, which produce a home-made fruity red wine of excellent quality. A short distance north west of the village there are many unspoilt beaches in the such as Cala Comte and Cala Bassa. The hill "Puig de S’Avenc" to the west is 243 meters above sea level.
The Parish Church of 'Sant Agustí.
The parish church is dedicated to Saint Augustine and was built in 1786 but was unfinished until the start of the nineteenth century, finally being blessed in 1806. The church was designed by the architect Pedro Criollez. This church has the irregularity of being the only church on the island facing to the west instead of the east. The reason for this peculiarity is that two of the villages different families insisted that the church to be constructed in their land. Finally, after much delay, the problem was fairly solved and the church was built between both lands, facing both land-owners’ homes, hence the west facing aspect. The original church was of a simple rectangular shape. The parish also was unable to fund a porch and the small priest’s house is hidden away around the back of this church. In 1850 two small side chapels were added resulting in the cruciform plan to be seen today.

</doc>
<doc id="36790220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790220" title="Chicago Theater of the Air">
Chicago Theater of the Air

Chicago Theater of the Air was a weekly American radio program that featured an operetta or other musical. It first ran locally in May 1940 on WGN radio in Chicago and then nationally as an unsponsored show on the Mutual Broadcasting System from October 5, 1940, to September 11, 1954.
The show grew out of listener surveys conducted by WGN that showed that many listeners enjoyed opera and drama. The show combined both into 60-minute operettas. Intermission commentary was originally by conductor Henry Weber and later by Chicago publisher Robert R. McCormick. For seven years, Henry Weber's wife, Marion Claire Weber sang on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="36790256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790256" title="Sendai River">
Sendai River

The is a river in eastern Tottori Prefecture, Japan. The Sendai is in length and has a drainage area of . The source of the river is in the Chūgoku Mountains. The Sendai flows north through Tottori Prefecture into the Sea of Japan. Under the Rivers Act of 1964 it is designated a Class 1 River, and is managed by the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. About 200,000 people live along the course of the river. The Sendai River provides sediment to form the Tottori Sand Dunes, the largest dune system in Japan.
Geography.
Upper reaches.
The source of the Sendai River is in the vicinity of Okinosen () and Mount Nagi (), deep in the Chūgoku Mountains on the border of Tottori and Okayama prefectures. Several tributaries of the Sendai similarly emerge from the Chūgoku Mountains in this area, and form a fan-shaped area before flowing into the main course of the Sendai River. The region of gorges and ravines is commonly known as by residents of the area. The upper reaches of the Sendai and its tributaries is protected as part of Hyōnosen-Ushiroyama-Nagisan Quasi-National Park (), established in 1969.
Middle reaches.
In its middle reaches the Sendai River emerges from the Chūgoku Mountains and flows northward through the Tottori Plain. The microrelief of the Tottori Plain reveals that the Sendai once meandered across the plain, rather than following a straight course. Two major canals have been constructed from the Sendai on the Tottori Plain: the from its right (eastern) bank, and the , also known as the Ōide River, from its left (western) bank. Original construction on the Ōide Canal was carried out in 1600 by the feudal lord (1557 – 1612) in order to open arable land in the region. The history of the construction of the Yamashirogawa Canal is unclear; the remaining earthworks suggest a history similar to that of the Ōide. The Ikeda clan, rulers of Tottori Castle throughout the Edo period, recorded significant work on the Fukuro River directly north of the canal, but left no written record of work on the Yamashirogawa. The Sendai and its canals currently provide irrigation for of rice paddies in the Tottori Plain.
Lower reaches.
The mouth of the Sendai River is in the Karo district of the city of Tottori, where it empties into the Japan Sea. Sediment from the Sendai River at the Sea of Japan forms the Tottori Sand Dunes. The lowest reaches and the mouth of the Sendai River are protected as part of Sanin Kaigan National Park (), and the Tottori Sand Dunes are designated a Natural Monument of Japan. Lake Koyama (), a brackish lagoon to the west of the mouth of the Sendai River, was once an inlet of the Sea of Japan. Sediments from the Sendai blocked the mouth of the inlet over time, separating Lake Koyama from the Sea of Japan.
Tributaries.
The tributaries of the Sendai River emerge from the Chūgoku Mountains and flow through low-lying valleys and tableland in the eastern reaches of Tottori Prefecture. Several tributaries are dammed to produce hydroelectric power. There are approximately 71 tributaries of the Sendai, and the major tributaries include:
Tottori Sand Dunes.
The Sendai River is essential to the formation of the Tottori Sand Dunes, which with an area of are the largest dune system in Japan. The dunes were created by and are replenished by granitic deposits, specifically quartz, feldspar, lithic fragments, and amphibole. The sediments are carried from the Chūgoku Mountains down the river into the Sea of Japan. Fine sand from the sediments of the Sendai is carried back to the shore by currents and tides of the Sea of Japan, and then blown by wind to form the dunes. The Hamasaka area of the Tottori Sand Dunes, directly east of the mouth of the Sendai River, is and wide. The Hamasaka sand dune has little vegetation and is considered the best-preserved dune of the system. The Tottori Sand Dunes have shrunk by approximately between 1947 and 2003, in part due to the construction of sea walls at the Port of Tottori.
Environmental conditions.
Illegal dumping of household garbage by residents on the Sendai River, notably on the Fukuro River tributary, is an ongoing environmental problems. Signs pointing out the illegality of dumping have been posted since 2009, and although there has been a reduction of dumping, the problem remains.
Environment.
The areas near the mouth of the Sendai are noted for plant species which thrive in sandy areas, notably "Calystegia soldanella", the beach morning glory. Stands of black pines are found in the same area. "Miscanthus sacchariflorus", or Amur silver-grass, is found in the lower reaches of the Sendai where the river has a weaker current. "Celtis jessoensis", the Japanese hackberry, and "Aphananthe aspera", the Muku tree, are found along the lowest of the river.
History.
The Sendai River crossed historical Inaba Province, which made up the eastern half of present-day Tottori Prefecture. The river was used for transportation from early times, and as an inland water transportation link after the development of rice paddies on the middle reaches of the river. Rice was transported from the Tottori Plain south to the port at the mouth of the river. The Sendai River flowed near the "jōkamachi" (castle town) that emerged with the construction of Tottori Castle during the Sengoku period. The "jōkamachi" sat on low, damp ground, and suffered repeated damage due to flooding on the Sendai. In a 250-year period from the mid-18th century to the early 20th century, the Sendai flooded 100 times, roughly every three years. The urbanization of the city of Sendai caused even more frequent flooding.
Flood control works were carried out on the Sendai early in the 20th century. A major crook of the river above the mouth of the Sendai was straightened, and the river significantly widened, in 1930. The Fukuro River, a major tributary of the Sendai which meets the Sendai in Tottori City, had a new course excavated in 1934. The port at Tottori was heavily damaged by the Tottori Earthquake of 1943 and a large fire in 1952. A plan to expand the Port of Tottori and straighten the lowest reaches of the river was made in this period. Construction of wharfs at the mouth of the river was completed in 1983. Typhoon Number 10 in 1998 caused a landslide behind a quarry along the Sendai. About 50,000 cubic meters of rock were dumped into the river.
Culture.
The tradition of floating dolls on the river, or "nagashibina", began along the shallow rapids of the middle part of the Sendai River. The tradition continues today and is designated an Intangible Cultural Asset of Tottori Prefecture. "Inshū-gami", a type of "washi", or Japanese paper, was produced on the Sendai River from the early Edo period (1603 – 1868), and its production was regulated by the Tokugawa shogunate. The paper is still produced in Chizu.
Transportation.
Several roads and railroad lines follow the path of the Sendai River. The Chizu Line of the Chizu Express follows the river from Yamasato Station to Chizu Station. The JR West Inbi Line follows the Sendai from Chizu Station to Tottori Station. The Tottori Expressway follows the course of the river from its source to Tottori City. Japan National Route 53 and Japan National Route 373 follow the course of the Sendai in Chizu.

</doc>
<doc id="36790258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790258" title="Mehndi (1958 film)">
Mehndi (1958 film)

Mehndi is 1958 Hindi film produced by A.A. Nadiadwala and directed by S.M. Yusuf. The music for the film was composed by Ravi. The film stars Ajit and Jayashree in lead roles.
Soundtrack.
The music of the film was composed by Ravi with lyrics penned by S. H. Bihari, Khumar Barabankvi, Kamil Rashid and Sarvar.

</doc>
<doc id="36790281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790281" title="California's gold">
California's gold

California's gold may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36790287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790287" title="St John's Wood Barracks">
St John's Wood Barracks

St John's Wood Barracks is a former military base in St John's Wood in London. Until 2012 it served as headquarters for Royal Horse Artillery troops responsible (among other things) for firing royal salutes in central London.
History.
In 1804 a detachment of the Corps of Gunner Drivers (support unit for an artillery brigade stationed in St James's Park) was billeted in farm buildings on the St John's Wood site. By 1810 the Board of Ordnance had decided to base the brigade in its entirety on the site, and negotiated a lease from the Eyre family who owned the land. A long two-storey barrack block designated "the New Artillery Barracks" was completed in 1812. In 1823 the Cavalry Riding Establishment moved in and a new riding school was built for them by the Royal Engineers in 1825; they moved out to Maidstone in 1835. 
During the mid 19th century the barracks were occupied by the Foot Guards. In 1880 the Royal Horse Artillery moved in and continuously occupied the barracks until February 2012 when (the lease on the property having expired) the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery moved out.
In November 2011 Ananda Krishnan, one of the richest businessmen in Asia, acquired the Barracks from the Eyre estate for £250m with a view to creating a prime residential development. The Grade II listed Riding School of 1825 will be preserved and will accommodate a gym for residents' and community use.

</doc>
<doc id="36790301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790301" title="Wooden Church, Dumuslău">
Wooden Church, Dumuslău

The Wooden Church () was a church in Dumuslău, Romania, built in 1792 and demolished in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="36790350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790350" title="Indian Akshay Urja Day">
Indian Akshay Urja Day

Akshay Urja diwas is an awareness campaign about the developments of renewal energy in India, celebrated on August 20 every year since 2004. The Indian Ministry for New & Renewable Energy Sources initiated Akshay Urja Day (Diwas) in 2004. The first function was organised at New Delhi in 2004 and 2005 followed repeated in Nagpur in 2006 and at Hyderabad in 2007 and Panchkula, Haryana in 2008.
The day commemorates the birthday of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi.
The Ministry for New & Renewable Energy Sources, Govt. of India promotes innovation to adopt renewal energy sources to produce power for the electricity grid and for several standalone applications and decentralised power production.
Promotional techniques include mass rallies, human chains, essay contests, quiz contests, slogan-writing and painting competitions, debates, seminars and group discussions.
Inaugural event.
At the first Akshay Urja Diwas in 2004 a commemorative stamp was released by the Prime Minister. A human chain of nearly 12,000 school children was formed in the national capital to promote a renewable future.

</doc>
<doc id="36790427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790427" title="Debbe Magnusen">
Debbe Magnusen

Debbe Magnusen was born on January 6, 1956, in Pasadena, California. In July 1994, she founded the Non-Profit Organization Project Cuddle based out of Costa Mesa, California. Magnusen was a foster mother to over 30 drug-exposed children, while raising two biological children. Five of those children were eventually adopted by Magnusen and her family. She is the author of the non-fiction books “Don’t Abandon Your Baby” and “It’s Never Dull!!”. "Don't Abandon Your Baby" tells the stories of babies who were nearly abandoned, but saved through working with Magnusen and her non-profit organization Project Cuddle. "It's Never Dull" talks about true stories of drug exposed babies and how to care for them, as well as several insights into the foster care system.
Awards and Honors.
Magnusen's work with babies and their mothers has earned her numerous honors and awards including

</doc>
<doc id="36790442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790442" title="Balata, Iran">
Balata, Iran

Balata (, also Romanized as Balatā) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 108, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36790447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790447" title="Wooden Church, Cehei">
Wooden Church, Cehei

The Wooden Church () is a church in Cehei, Romania, built in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36790473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790473" title="Alaskoceras">
Alaskoceras

Alaskoceras is a lower Ordovician coiled Nautiloidea cephalopod; the shell moderately expanded, ribbed, with a divergent living chamber; whorl section more broadly rounded ventrally than dorsally; siphuncle marginal at maturity, septal necks short, almost achoanitic; connecting rings thick, layered. 
"Alaskcoceras" belongs to the Tarphycerida, and to the family Estonioceratidae. It was found in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="36790487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790487" title="2012 Boys' Youth NORCECA Volleyball Championship">
2012 Boys' Youth NORCECA Volleyball Championship

The 2012 Boys' Youth NORCECA Volleyball Championship was the eight edition of the bi-annual Volleyball Tournament, played by eight countries from July 2–7, 2012 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. The top two teams other than Mexico qualified to the 2013 Boys Youth World Championship, Mexico had already secured a berth as Host.
Pool standing procedure.
Match won 3–0: 5 points for the winner, 0 point for the loser<br>
Match won 3–1: 4 points for the winner, 1 points for the loser<br>
Match won 3–2: 3 points for the winner, 2 points for the loser<br>
In case of tie, the teams were classified according to the following criteria:<br>
points ratio and sets ratio

</doc>
<doc id="36790500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790500" title="Correo de Guatemala">
Correo de Guatemala

Correo de Guatemala S.A. is the national post office of Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="36790520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790520" title="Ernesto Enrique Baca">
Ernesto Enrique Baca

Ernesto Enrique Baca is an Assistant Secretary-General at the United Nations Headquarters, based in New York. He is the Director of the Enterprise Resource Planning Project, named "Umoja" ("unity" in Swahili). This project is aimed to implement a major administration reform initiative across the many UN Secretariat offices and departments.
He was appointed to this position by the United Nations Secretary-General in August 2012.
Career.
Prior to this appointment, he was the Chief Information Officer and Director of Administration at the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), based in Rome, Italy.
Before joining the WFP, he collected extensive experience in the private sector in information technology, marketing and general management, including a 14 years career at IBM Argentina and IBM Americas/Far East Headquarters, based in Mount Pleasant, New York.
He then accepted a senior executive position at Telecom Argentina, starting as the Director of Corporate Strategy and Marketing, to be finally promoted to Chief Operating Officer.
From 2003 to 2006, he was the CEO of Telecarrier Inc., a leading provider of telecommunications and data center services in Central America, based in Panama.
Personal.
He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36790540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790540" title="Football at the 2007 All-Africa Games – Men's tournament">
Football at the 2007 All-Africa Games – Men's tournament

Qualifying.
The following countries qualified for the final tournament:
Final tournament.
Group stage.
Group A.
Group A standings
"Top 2 teams advanced to Semifinals."
Group B.
Group B standings
"Top 2 teams advanced to Semifinals."

</doc>
<doc id="36790585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790585" title="B-10 motorway (Spain)">
B-10 motorway (Spain)

The B-10, also known as Ronda Litoral (, ; English: Coastal Ring Road), is a freeway in Catalonia, Spain partially encircling Barcelona passing through the eastern side of the city. It starts at Nus de la Trinitat interchange in northern Barcelona and runs along the entire length of the Besòs River and the city's coastline south to Nus del Llobregat interchange in Barcelona's southern suburbs, where it becomes the Autovía A-2. Both north and south end interchanges link the freeway to the B-20 or "Ronda de Dalt", which encircles Barcelona passing through the western side, jointly forming a beltway commonly referred to as the "rondes" that surrounds the city.
The freeway features a mix of below-grade, at-grade and covered tunnel sections, mainly as it passes through central Barcelona, where it is only two lanes in each direction while the other sections are three lanes. It becomes a segregated urban highway as it passes through central and northern Barcelona so that all its signposting becomes green and is maintained by local authorities. In contrast, the southern section of B-10 is considered to be part of European route E90 and is signposted in blue following the formal colour scheme for motorways since it serves as a continuation of the Autovía A-2. In addition, unlike the rest of the route, this section is named Cinturó Litoral and is maintained by the Spanish Government.
Although the speed limit is 80 km/h (50 mph) along the urban freeway section and 100 km/h (62 mph) along the interurban section, car's average top speed is lower due to traffic congestion as it serves as an arterial corridor to access Barcelona by road, and even average top speed may reach 20 km/h (12 mph) during rush hour. Additional restrictions for heavy goods vehicles are applied on the section situated between Montjuïc–Morrot and Rambla de Prim near Sant Adrià de Besòs, whereby weight limits is posted 12 tonnes and all vehicles over 12 meters long are banned from that section.
Exit list.
Exits on the "rondes" are numbered 1 to 30 anticlockwise from Nus de la Trinitat according to the beltway that Ronda Litoral (B-10) and Ronda de Dalt (B-20) freeways form around Barcelona so that exits on Ronda de Dalt are officially numbered 1 to 16 (southbound), while on Ronda Litoral are numbered 17 to 30 (northbound). Strangely enough, while the entire urban highway section follows the exit numbering scheme of the "rondes", the interurban section that is maintained by the Spanish Government does not and exits on this section are numbered 13 to 19 following its own scheme. In addition, route markers are placed north–south in relation to Nus de la Trinitat, where the road's "Kilometre Zero" is placed, on the contrary of the exits' numbering.
! Municipality 
! km 
! Mile 
! Exit 
! Name
! Destinations 
! Notes

</doc>
<doc id="36790587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790587" title="Poncha">
Poncha

Poncha is a traditional alcoholic drink from the island of Madeira, made with Aguardente de cana (distilled alcohol made from sugar cane juice), honey, sugar, lemon rind and with different fruit juices according to the version of Poncha, but traditionally lemon juice is used. 
It is mixed together with a mixing tool created in Madeira officially called a mexelote but more commonly known as a Caralhinho (little cock), it is in fact a type of muddler created in Madeira. Caipirinha is based on Poncha.
It is said in Madeira that Poncha cures the common cold and people are encouraged to drink it if they have cold like symptoms.
History.
The drink may be based on an Indian drink called Pãnch/Panch, in Hindi "Pãnch/Panch" means five and the drink was originally made with five ingredients: alcohol, sugar, lemon, water, and tea or spices. This is also where the English drink Punch has originated from.

</doc>
<doc id="36790590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790590" title="Old church, Bădăcin">
Old church, Bădăcin

The Old Church () is a church in Bădăcin, Romania, built in 1705.

</doc>
<doc id="36790647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790647" title="Roscoea ngainoi">
Roscoea ngainoi

Roscoea ngainoi is a perennial herbaceous plant occurring in the Ukhrul district of Manipur state, India. Most members of the ginger family (Zingiberaceae), to which it belongs, are tropical, but like other species of "Roscoea", "R. ngainoi" grows in much colder mountainous regions.
Description.
Like all members of the genus "Roscoea", "R. ngainoi" grows from a short vertical rhizome, to which are attached the tuberous roots. These produce "pseudostems": structures which resemble stems but are actually formed from the tightly wrapped bases (sheaths) of leaves. Plants are around 14 cm tall when in flower with up to six leaves. The first two or three consist only of sheaths; the remaining leaves have a blade 2.3–18.5 cm long by 1.6–3.5 cm wide. At the junction of the sheath and blade there is a small ligule, extending to 1.5–2 mm.
The flower spike (inflorescence) is held within the leaves with generally one flower emerging at a time on a long corolla tube of up to 9.5 cm. The general flower colour is deep purple. The bracts which subtend the flowers are shorter than the calyx.
Each flower has the typical structure for "Roscoea" (see the diagrams in that article). There is a tube-shaped outer calyx, about 6 cm long, with a three-lobed apex. Next the three petals (the corolla) form a tube, longer than the calyx, terminating in three lobes, an upright central lobe, about 2.6–3.0 cm long by 1.0–1.2 cm wide, and two somewhat narrower side lobes, 2.2–2.5 cm long by 0.5–0.7 cm wide. Inside the petals are structures formed from four sterile stamens (staminodes): two lateral staminodes form what appear to be small upright petals, which are 1.5–2.0 cm by 0.6–0.8 cm, with a short narrowed part (a "claw") at the base; two central staminodes are partially fused at the base to form a lip or labellum, 2.0–2.3 cm long by 1.2–1.6 cm wide. The labellum divides to form two separated lobes, each 2.2–2.4 cm long at the central edge, shorter at the outer edge. Two or three white lines extend from the base of each lobe, sometimes more than halfway to its finely toothed (serrulate) apex. The single functional stamen has a white anther, about 5–6  mm long, with 2–3 mm long spurs, formed from the connective tissue between the two capsules of the anther.
The species resembles "R. tibetica", but the leaf blades are smaller, the corolla tubes much longer, exceeding the calyx, and the labellum is differently shaped and has white lines at the base. It was found on hills at elevations of 2,200 to 3,000 m, in open grassy areas, where plants such as "Lilium mackliniae" were also present.
Taxonomy.
"R. ngainoi" was first described by A.A. Mao and M. Bhaumik in a paper published in 2008 (but dated 2007). The specific epithet "ngainoi" is derived from the Ngaino peak in Manipur, where the species was first found; the type specimen was collected in March 2005 at an altitude of 2,840 m. "R. ngainoi" resembles "R. tibetica" and "R. auriculata".
Evolution and phylogeny.
The Zingiberaceae family is mainly tropical in distribution. The unusual mountainous distribution of "Roscoea" may have evolved relatively recently and be a response to the uplift taking place in the region in the last 50 million years or so due to the collision of the Indian and Asian tectonic plates.
Species of "Roscoea" that have been subjected to molecular phylogenetic analysis divide into two clear groups, a Himalayan clade and a "Chinese" clade (which includes some species from outside China). "R. nganoi" was discovered after the analysis by so that its phylogenetic position is unknown. Manipur, where it was found, lies between the main distributions of the two clades.

</doc>
<doc id="36790668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790668" title="Australian Fencing Federation">
Australian Fencing Federation

The Australian Fencing Federation (AFF) is the national governing body for the sport of fencing within Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36790688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790688" title="Football at the 2007 All-Africa Games – Women's tournament">
Football at the 2007 All-Africa Games – Women's tournament

The women's association football tournament at the 2007 All-Africa Games was held in Algiers, Algeria at the Stade 5 Juillet 1962 from 10 September to 22 July.
Qualifying.
Women's football teams that qualified for the 2007 All Africa Games were:
Final tournament.
Group play.
Group A.
Group A consisted of Ethiopia, Nigeria and South Africa.
Group B.
Group B consisted of Algeria, Ghana and Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="36790689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790689" title="Seton Airlie">
Seton Airlie

Seton Montgomery Airlie, also known as Jock Airlie (22 March 1920 – 12 May 2008) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward.
Career.
Born in Carmyle, Airlie played in Scotland, France and England for Greyfriars, Celtic, Cannes and Worcester City.

</doc>
<doc id="36790703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790703" title="Andreas Walzer">
Andreas Walzer

Andreas Walzer (20 May 1970) is a German cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1992 Summer Olympics along with Jens Lehmann, Stefan Steinweg, Guido Fulst and Michael Glöckner.

</doc>
<doc id="36790729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790729" title="Reformed Church, Recea">
Reformed Church, Recea

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Recea, Sălaj, Romania, completed in the 15th century.

</doc>
