<doc id="36707048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707048" title="InstallCore">
InstallCore

InstallCore is a software development and management platform for creation Portable Executable installers for Windows and ELF for Mac OS X. The platform was primarily designed for efficient web based deployment of various application software. InstallCore is currently managing 100 million installations every month, offering services for paid, unpaid and freemium-model desktop applications. installCore is the core product of ironSource which is headquartered in Tel Aviv with offices in San Francisco, CA in the United States and Beijing, China.
Features.
installCore development platform provides a software development kit (SDK) based on JavaScript and HTML. Installation project can be compiled into a windows executable file and used for the software installation and distribution. The platform supports the following features:
Compiler make script.
The installCore compiler program HtmlUiMaker uses a make script, such as the following example, in order to compile a JavaScript and HTML skin into executable installation programs.
JavaScript and HTML based user interface.
Version 2.1 introduced a fully customizable design interface based on HTML and a JavaScript SDK.
Since installCore version 4.10 the SDK integrated 12 fully predesigned templates.
Generated installer.
The generated installer is a Portable Executable which contains the installation script. The installer can be configured to function as full installer or a bootstrap installer. As the installation script is compiled, it cannot be obtained from the delivered executable without reverse-engineering the binary.
Multilingual support.
As of version 3.1 of the official release InstallCore fully support both Unicode and RTL but depended on Windows 2000 with SP 4 as minimum requirement to accurately present the UI.

</doc>
<doc id="36707049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707049" title="Andrés Gómez (disambiguation)">
Andrés Gómez (disambiguation)

Andrés Gómez (born 1960) is a former professional tennis player from Ecuador.
Andrés Gómez may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36707058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707058" title="Articles of Union">
Articles of Union

The Articles of Union of Tanganyika and Zanzibar of 1964 is the main foundation of the Constitutions of the United Republic of Tanzania of 1977 and the Zanzibar Revolutionary Government of 1984. The Articles of the Union were signed on April 22, 1964 by the Founders of the Union, the late Mwalimu Julius Kambarage Nyerere and the late Sheikh Abeid Amani Karume and agreed in 11 matters which later increased to over 22 and are the source of tension and dispute between Tanzania mainland and Zanzibar.see Uamsho 
movement
The original Articles of Union which contain both Signatures from Nyerere and Karume are yet to be found.
Background history.
The United Republic of Tanzania was formed on 26 April 1964 as a result of the Union of Tanganyika and Zanzibar. Julius Kambarage Nyerere became the first President of the United Republic of Tanzania and Sheikh Abeid Karume became the First Vice President of the United Republic of Tanzania and the President of Zanzibar and Chairman of the Revolutionary Council. The late Rashidi Mfaume Kawawa became the second Vice President of Tanzania and leader of Government business in the National Assembly.
Like other African countries, the people of Tanganyika opposed and fought against colonial invaders from the very beginning. This included the formation of African Associations in both Tanganyika and Zanzibar. The African Association was established in Tanganyika in 1929. This association was transformed into the Tanganyika African Association (TAA) in 1948.
In 1953 under the leadership of Mwalimu Julius Kambarage Nyerere, TAA was recognised as a political party and was transformed into the Tanganyika African National Union (TANU) in 1954.
On Zanzibar's part, the various football clubs established in the early 1930s provided the basis for the coming together of members of the African community. By 1934,members of the African community united in a formal organisation known as the African Association (AA). The formation of the Zanzibar Nationalist Party (ZNP) in 1955 forced leaders of the African Association and the Shirazi Association to unite. In 1957, the Shirazi Association and African Association united to form the Afro-Shirazi Party under the leadership of Sheikh Abeid Amani Karume.
Signing of the Agreements.
It is believed that the agreement for the unification of the two states was signed by the first President of Tanganyika, the late Mwalimu Julius Kambarage Nyerere, and the first Zanzibar President, the late Sheikh Abeid Amani Karume, on 22 April 1964, in Zanzibar.
Although the Original Articles of the union does not exist, It was agreed that,to become valid The Articles of the Union must be ratified by both Tanganyika's Parliament and Zanzibar revolutionary council,the Articles was ratified by Tanganyika's Parliament on 26 April 1964 but was not ratified by the Zanzibar Revolutionary Council as per agreement. On 27 April 1964, the leaders of the two countries exchanged legal documents of the Union at the Karimjee Hall in Dar es Salaam. The Articles of the Union declared the formation of the United Republic in Section 4.
Critics and Grievances.
Since its formation in 1964 under the Tanzania first President Mwalimu Julius Nyerere,Any discussion or debate concerning the union and its legality was never allowed in Tanzania and could lead to criminal charges to anyone who conducts such discussion or debate ,that including Government officials,such person could be seen as an enemy of the Nation.
Knowledge and education about the union was never conducted and Tanzania citizen had no knowledge about the Union,its benefits and the reason of the union. The original Articles of Union which contain 11 matter was never existed and So often Zanzibar Government asked about it only to receive negative results.
In Private and Public funded Education,Union topic or history was never a part of it even in General studies and Civic studies. The only place where union matter appears is in the exams in the form of "When was the union formed?" And this led to number of critics and grievances since the Nyerere's era to present.
Second President of Zanzibar Aboud Jumbe was among the first public figure to fall on the trap. In 1984 Jumbe and his colleagues, including his Chief Minister Seif Sharif Hamad, attempted to push for more autonomy for Zanzibar. As a result, Aboud Jumbe was pressured by the union government to resign his posts as vice president of Tanzania and president of Zanzibar in January 1984. His Chief Minister, Seif Sharif Hamad was detained,and On January 1988 Unceremoniously dropped from the Revolutionary Council and dropped as the Chief Minister of Zanzibar, on May 1988 he was Expelled from the ruling CCM with six colleagues and automatically lost his parliamentary seat in the Zanzibar House of Representatives. On May 1989 he was arrested and taken to court to face (politically motivated) trumped up charges of allegedly being found with government secret documents believed to be the Article of Union. From 1989–1991 he was Reprimanded in the Zanzibar Central Prison.
Among the Critics including, between 1964 and 1973 in six other things - elements seen in 12 to 16 of the First Additional - were added to the list of Union Matters. Thus, in 1965 the issues of finance, currency and banking were added, in 1967 the manufacturing licences and statistics, higher education and what was in Annex X of the Charter of the East African Community was expanded, in 1968 was expanded to the natural resources of oil, petroleum and natural gas, and in 1973 issues of the National Examinations Council was expanded.
1984 addition of elements of Annex X of the Charter of the East African Community to create four independent list, transportation and aviation, research, weather forecast and data. Similarly, changes of Constitution had raised new thing on the list of the Union Matters: Court of Appeal of Tanzania. In addition, section 3, ie Defense, was amended to become 'safety and security.' And in 1992 'the registration of political parties' was added to the list of Union Matters.
Also the issue of removing power to Zanzibar President to seize being the Vice President of Tanzania created a fierce debate
In addition, the Interim Constitution, 1965 that Dominant in Tanzania until 1977 passed the law of Annex II of the Constitution to make provision that the Act can not be adjusted without amendment supported by two-thirds of all members of Tanganyika and Zanzibar. Similarly, the Constitution specifies, in the First Additional , that any one of the legal changes requires support from two-thirds of all members in "Chapter 557 (Edition 1965), Laws of the Union Treaty Verification of Tanganyika and Zanzibar in 1964,but unfortunately all addition Matters of the union did not follow the law and were inserted locally.
Complaints from Zanzibar.
Complaints from Zanzibar started before the assassination of Zanzibar first President Sheikh Abeid Amani Karume Snr. According to one of the first President of Zanzibar Revolution Council,Nassor Hassan Moyo,who was also a minister for many years in Tanzania the decision to Unite Tanganyika and Zanzibar was Nyerere opinion. Among the first thing Nyerere suggested to Karume snr.was to unite the two Countries and then came the articles of Union later on the creation of the Union constitution.
In 1970's Nyerere decision to send Soldiers from Zanzibar to fight liberation of Mozambique without Karume's Knowledge was among the first clashes between Zanzibar and Tanganyika. Karume decision to return the Soldier caused Nyerere and Karume not to speak face to face from that day to the death of Karume,after three days Zanzibar revolutionary council met to decide the fate of the Union and prepared special request letter which contained five or six matters which was sent to Nyerere to change the list of the articles of Union,the list including Tanzania president should seek advice to Zanzibar president in any decision including Announcement of State of emergency,Police to be excluded in Union Matters,International relation should be equal and Each country should have its own Currency. Nyerere turned down the request and offer to postpone the discussion until future.

</doc>
<doc id="36707059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707059" title="Languages of Tripura">
Languages of Tripura

Languages of Tripura, a state in the Northeast India, include Bengali and Kokborok as official language, and many other minority languages. As in the rest of India, English is used for official purpose. Bengali is the most spoken language, due to the predominance of Bengali people in the state. Kokborok is a prominent language among the tribes. 
Major languages in terms of the number of speakers per 2001 census of India are as follows:
A report in Times of India said that the state is home to three dozen languages including some that are nearly extinct, including Saimar which was spoken by only 4 people in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36707069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707069" title="4th Missouri Volunteer Infantry">
4th Missouri Volunteer Infantry

The 4th Missouri Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
The 4th Missouri Infantry was organized at St. Louis, Missouri and mustered in for three years on January 1862. It was established though the consolidation of the 3rd United States Reserve Corps Infantry Regiment and the Gasconade Battalion. 
On duty at the District of Southwest Missouri and St. Louis.
Detailed service.
On duty at Pacific, Missouri and St. Louis. 
The 4th Missouri Infantry was mustered out of service on February 1, 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36707071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707071" title="Donner &amp; Reuschel">
Donner &amp; Reuschel

Donner & Reuschel Aktiengesellschaft is a German bank organised as a limited company (Aktiengesellschaft) and headquartered in Hamburg. Until 2010, it was known as "Conrad Hinrich Donner Bank Aktiengesellschaft". The bank specialises in private banking and has 580 employees in Hamburg, Munich and other offices. It has a subsidiary in Luxembourg, "Donner & Reuschel Luxemburg S.A." In 2009 and 2010, it was recognised as Hamburg's best employer.
The bank was founded in 1798 by Conrad Hinrich Donner, a Hamburg merchant and ship-owner, and originally named "Hamburger Banco". It was originally a merchant house specialising in transportation and shipping.
The bank has around € 9 billion assets under management.

</doc>
<doc id="36707078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707078" title="Frits Beukers">
Frits Beukers

Frits Beukers (born 1953, Ankara) is a Dutch mathematician, who works on number theory and hypergeometric functions.
In 1979 Beukers received his PhD at Leiden University under the direction of Robert Tijdeman with thesis "The generalized Ramanujan–Nagell Equation", published in Acta Arithmetica, vol. 38, 1980/1981. From 1979 to 1980 he was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study. He became a professor in Leiden and in the 2000s at Utrecht University.
Beukers works, among other topics, on questions of transcendence and irrationality in number theory. In connection with the famous proof by Roger Apéry (1978) on the irrationality of the values of the Riemann zeta function evaluated at the points 2 and 3, Beukers gave a much simpler alternate proof using Legendre polynomials. He also published on questions in mechanics about dynamical systems and their exact solvability.

</doc>
<doc id="36707088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707088" title="Good Taste Is Timeless">
Good Taste Is Timeless

Good Taste Is Timeless is the fifth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1971 through Metromedia Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36707105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707105" title="Rie van Veen">
Rie van Veen

Rie "Rietje" van Veen (also Ria, born c. 1922) was a Dutch swimmer who won three medals at the 1938 European Aquatics Championships. Earlier on 26 February 1938 she set a new world record in the 200 m freestyle. Between 1938 and 1942 she won all national titles in the 100 m and 400 m freestyle events; she also won the 100 m in 1937. She married Arie Thuis on 27 May 1943 and retired shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="36707116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707116" title="1991–92 Australian region cyclone season">
1991–92 Australian region cyclone season

1991–1992 Australian region cyclone season saw several intense storms. It was also an event in the ongoing cycle of tropical cyclone formation. It ran from 1 November 1991 to 30 April 1992. The regional tropical cyclone operational plan also defines a "tropical cyclone year" separately from a "tropical cyclone season", and the "tropical cyclone year" ran from 1 July 1991 to 30 June 1992.
Tropical cyclones in this area were monitored by four Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres (TCWCs): the Australian Bureau of Meteorology in Perth, Darwin, and Brisbane; and TCWC Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea.
Storms.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Graham.
On 2 December, a south-southwestly moving low pressure system formed. Rapidly intensifying, Tropical cyclone Graham was classified the next day about northwest of Cocos Island. Within 24 hours, an eye developed. Shortly thereafter, Graham turned towards the southeast due to influence of a deep-layer anticyclone to the east. Maximum intensity was reached at 1500 UTC 5 December as a Category 5 system. As the cyclone tracked away from Cocos Island, it encountered less favorable conditions. By 0000 UTC 8 December, the low-level circulation became fully exposed on the northwest side of the deep convection. Graham weakened below cyclone intensity at 1800 UTC 9 December and became devoid of convection the next day.
Tropical Cyclone Mark.
Tropical cyclone Mark formed within the monsoon trough in the Timor Sea, west of Melville Island, on 6 January. The system tracked rapidly eastwards across northern Australia, entering the Gulf of Carpentaria at 1200 UTC 7 January. Once over water, satellite imagery indicated that the system slowly organized and by 0600 UTC 8 January, whilst approaching the central Gulf of Carpentaria, it was upgraded into a Category 1 cyclone. Upon naming, Mark slowed and adopted a slightly northeastward track in response to enhanced ridging to the south. This track was maintained for the next 40 hours and at 2100 UTC 9 January, Mark crossed the western coast of Cape York Peninsula just south of Weipa. Maximum sustained winds at landfall were estimated at with a central pressure of . Mark soon weakened as it crossed the peninsula and was downgraded to a tropical depression at 1200 UTC 10 January. Mark dissipated later that day. Weipa, Australia sustained minor, but widespread damage with failing trees often being a consequence for damage to houses and power lines. High waves brought $3.5 million (AUD) damage to the Weipa port.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Betsy.
A deep depression formed from gale-force westerlies on 5 January. The depression continued to intensify as it drifted slowly west and became a Category 1 cyclone the next day. During the next 12 hours, Betsy rapidly intensified while moving south-southeast slowly. Mean winds associated with the cyclone reached storm-force late on 7 January and the system turned to the southwest and subsequently the cyclone approached the central Vanuatu Islands. By 1800 UTC 8 January, Besty developed hurricane force winds. Six hours later, the core of the cyclone struck the islands of Ambrym and Malakula in central Vanuatu while developing a large ragged eye. Betsy continued to intensify after existing Vanuatu, and reached maximum intensity very early on 10 January while located north of New Caledonia. By 11 January, Besty had becomes less organized. Meanwhile, the eye shrunk and became ragged. was losing organisation, with the large eye (diameter of 165 km) rapidly shrinking and becoming elongated and ragged. Midday 11 January, Betsy recurved sharply to the south and by 13 January Betsy had dissipated. However, the extratropical remnants passed close to the northern coast of New Zealand on 17 January. On Malakula, sustained winds of were recorded between 0400 and 0500 UTC 9 January and the pressure dropped to . Tropical cyclone Betsy was blamed for significant damage in Vanuatu and was responsible for the deaths of two people. The worst impact was felt on Efate, where there was a storm surge.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Daman.
A tropical depression formed in the south pacific on Feubary 11. The system steadily developed, and was named Daman on 15 February. Twelve hours later, the cyclone skirted Vanua Lava before passing northwest of Espiritu Santo. After emerging into Coral Sea, Cyclone Daman began curving to the southwest, and then south-southwest. On 17 February, Cyclone Daman peaked in intensity as a Category 3 cyclone. The system began weakening shortly thereafter as environmental shear increased, and by Daman was no longer a tropical cyclone. Soon afterwards, the extratropical remnants turned rapidly eastwards, bringing gale-force winds to parts of the North Island of New Zealand. In Manakau Heads, a wind guts of was recorded. Through the city, significant tree damage and downed power lines were reported.
Tropical Low 18P.
During 19 February, TCWC Brisbane and the JTWC started to monitor a tropical low that had developed within the Coral Sea about to the northeast of Rockhampton in Queensland Australia. During that day, the low gradually developed further as it moved towards the southeast and an anticyclonically curved upper level jet stream, before during the JTWC reported that the low had become equivalent to a tropical storm and assigned it the designation 18P. However during the next day, despite gale force winds persisting in the systems southern quadrants, the system moved onto the central Queensland coast, before it could become a tropical cyclone. As a result of the low moving inland, the JTWC issued their final advisory on the system later that day, however TCWC Brisbane continued to monitor the system until it was absorbed into the Australian inland heat trough.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Harriet-Heather.
A low formed on 24 February east of Cocos Island. The low rapidly intensified under favorable conditions, and at 0600 UTC 25 February, the system was named. Initially, Harriet moved towards the islands, passing just south of North Keeling Island early on 27 February. The storm gradually became better organized, and early on 1 March, Cyclone Harriet attained peak intensity over estimated to have sustained winds of and a central pressure of .
The tropical cyclone weakened somewhat during the following next three days while continuing west. An approaching frontal system from the west resulted in Harriet re-curving to the south on 4 March. The storm continued to weakening due to strong wind shear. Harriet started to accelerate to the southeast on 6 March. The cyclone passed to the southwest of Cape Leeuwin in southwest Western Australia during the evening of 8 March. Shortly after that, Harriet lost tropical features.
A peak gust of was recorded on Cocos Island, the second strongest on record on the island in the past 40 years. Harriet brought minor property damage on the island, but significant horticultural losses. Overall, damage was assessed at $600,000 (1992 AUD).
Severe Tropical Cyclone Ian.
Another depression developed in the monsoon trough the further east of Harriet-Heather, roughly due south of Java. Unlike Harriet, this cyclone initially tracked east in response to a high amplitude upper trough located to the west. Under a favorable environment, the system was named Ian later that day. After re-curving to the south, Ian continued to intensify and on 0900 UTC 1 March, Ian bottomed out in intensity with winds. Although Ian began weakening as it approached the Western Australian coast, it was still a severe cyclone as it tracked directly over the Monte Bellos Islands and Barrow Island. Ian subsequently crossed a sparsely populated stretch of coastline approximately east of Onslow at 2145 UTC 2 March and weakened over land. Ian dissipated the next day.
Upon passing over the Monte Bellos Islands and Barrow Island, gusts to were recorded. Effects from the system were mostly limited to the islands offshore. In the Monte Bellos, a mine was extensively damaged. Due to a storm surge, a landing stage on Barrow Island sustained minor damage. On the Australian mainland, damage from the storm was minimal.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Esau.
A tropical depression formed about northeast of Vanuatu on 24 February. The system initially drifted southwest and made a clockwise loop over Espiiitu Santo. The Fiji Meteorological Service named Esau during the morning hours of 26 February; subsequently, it moved away from the islands. Cyclone Esau then accelerated on a westward track on the northern side of a ridge. By 28 February sustained winds had reached hurricane force. At that time, Esau was located which was located about west of Espiritu Santo. The system attained peak intensity of on 28 February. At peak, Esau exhibited a symmetrical and unique cloud pattern along with a well-defined eye. Esau held on to peak intensity for 18 hours. Meanwhile, the system executed a second, larger, clockwise loop.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Fran.
During March 11, Fran moved into the Australian region from the South Pacific basin, with TCWC Brisbane taking responsibility for the system. As it moved into the region, TCWC Brisbane and TCWC Nadi estimated that Fran had 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 155 km/h (100 mph), while the JTWC reported 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 165 km/h (105 mph).
In preparation of the storm, officials closed beaches along the Sunshine and Gold Coasts. In addition, train services from Brisbane were cancelled. Across Queensland, coastal towns were flooded, uprooting trees and knocking out power. Several roofs were torn off of homes and some flooding was reported. Winds and flooding caused minor property damage, but considerable crop losses along were reported the coast, with the worst effects in Bundaberg. A total of 40 houses were uproofed throughout Bundaberg. In Burnett Heads, 3 yachts were damaged. Heavy swells caused damage on Heron Island and severe erosion on the Gold and Sunshine Coasts. Overall, 2,624 insurance claims were made because of property damage. Total damage from the system was 8-10 million (1992 AUD), while insurance losses were estimated at $2.5 million (1992 AUD).
Severe Tropical Cyclone Neville.
A major surge of the Madden–Julian oscillation in early April resulting in the development of a tropical depression on April 4 near the Tanimbar Islands. At first, the depression drifted slowly southeast in an environment of low shear. By 0600 UTC 6 April, the circulation was well-defined and south to come under the influence of a deep easterly steering current generated by the subtropical ridge over inland Australia; at 0200 UTC 7 April, the depression re-curved to the southwest and was classified as a tropical cyclone. Despite its close proximity to land, Neville intensified rapidly due to its small size. Roughly 24 hours after being named, the storm attained hurricane force winds. The cyclone continued deepening as it tracked into the central Timor Sea, reaching its peak intensity of around 1800 UTC 8 April.
Shortly after its peak, Cyclone Neville slowed down response to the passage of a trough. After undergoing a small counterclockwise loop, the system resumed its track to the southwest. It weakened slowly. By 10 April, the eye of the cyclone had collapsed and increased winds shear caused the storm to become less organized. At 0800 UTC 11 April, sustained winds associated with Neville went below hurricane force and the cyclone stalled. Due to a combination of wind shear and cold water, and by 0200 UTC 13 April, Neville had dissipated, though the remnant low-level circulation was apparent for two more days as it drifted away to the southwest.
In preparation of the cyclone on the Tiwi Islands, shipping was delayed and travel by air was cancelled. An oil rig supply boat was forced up on the beach by the winds, and 14 people were airlifted from the BHP rig Challis Venture. When Neville struck the islands only minor damage was reported. A few homes lost their roofs, trees were uprooted and power was knocked out. In addition, 14 people were airflifted when an oil rig was forced up the beach by high winds. Damage on Australia associated with Serve Tropical Cyclone Neville was restricted to the northwestern portion the Northern Territory though widespread tree damage occurred and a camp was destroyed on Melville Island.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Jane-Irna.
On 7 April, TCWC Perth started to monitor a tropical low that had developed, within the monsoon trough about to the northeast of the Cocos Island. Over the next few days the low moved towards the southeast and gradually developed further, before TCWC Perth named it Jane as the low had developed into a category 1 tropical cyclone.
Midday on 10 April Jane made its closest point of approach to Cocos Island, passing away from the island. As the storm continued to track south, it came under the influence of a deep-layer easterly steering flow caused by the presence of a ridge to the south. Jane turned onto a westward track which it maintained for nearly five days. Cyclone Jane continued to intensify under an ideal environment. On 13 April, a well-defined eye appeared on satellite imagery. A day later, the storm reached its peak intensity of , making the storm one of the strongest of the year.
Over the ensuing 24 hours, tropical cyclone Jane began to weaken in response to increased vertical wind shear in association with a mid-latitude trough. By 15 April, the eye had become cloud-filled, and at 0000 UTC 16 April, the cyclone began to re-curve to the southeast and subsequently rapidly deteriorated. By 0100 UTC 17 April, Jane was no longer a tropical cyclone. Due to the storm's small size, winds of just were reported Cocos Island. Therefore, there were no reports of damage or deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="36707123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707123" title="World Economic Herald">
World Economic Herald

The World Economic Herald () was a newspaper based in Shanghai, China. It was founded in 1980 by (钦本立), who acted as its chief editor until its closure the Communist Party of China Shanghai government in May 1989, after the Tiananmen Square incident.
The "Herald" gained a reputation for being one of the most influential, forthright, and liberal weekly newspapers in China during the 1980s, a period of relative freedom in the country's modern history. It excelled in publishing editorials and news pushing political and economic reform in China.
History.
The "Herald" was founded in April 1980. For decades, since the founding of the Republic in 1949, the press had been tightly controlled by the Communist Party of China and used almost exclusively for the purposes of political communication—from the Party's leaders to the populace. No private publications were allowed to exist.
After the launching of reforms after the Cultural Revolution, however, there was a blossoming of print publication in China. The number of newspapers in China went from 200 nationally in 1976 to 320 in 1979, the year after the beginning of reforms. By the first half of the 1980s, less than half of the newspapers in the country had been established in the last five years. By 1987 there were 2,509 newspapers in China, 255 of which were printed daily.
The "Herald", based in Shanghai, became one of the most liberal and outspoken in all of China. It gained this role quickly primarily due to its 'independence,' that is political independence, since its founding. It was self-financed and free from institutional links to the Communist Party and government.
The paper introduced new ideas about economic reform and development, popularizing economic knowledge related to both domestic and international matters. The "Herald" was praised for helping to promote China's economic reforms and it was considered "an authority on both world and national economic issues," according to Won Ho Chang, Professor and Director of the Stephenonson Research Center at the University of Missouri's School of Journalism.
In its first two years it focused primarily on matters of international economics, before expanding to coverage of China's economy. By the late 1980s the paper's orientation was that without political reform, economic reform would eventually be ineffectual.
The paper never formally endorsed by the Party, but it was printed under the sponsorship of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences and the World Economic Society. It sometimes thus had to pay more for newsprint and distribution (through the postal system).
The Herald used to be printed on the presses of the Liberation Daily and did not have to submit proofs for scrutiny before going to press.
Political impact.
Like newspapers that have succeeded it in the digital age, such as "Caijing" and the "Nanfang" newspapers, the "Herald" was able to survive in times of political difficulty because its editor-in-chief exercised careful judgement. "Qin Benli was adept at gauging the political climate, lying low when necessary and resurfacing at the appropriate moment." 
The political impact of the "Herald" went beyond mere survivability. According to Lynn White II and Li Cheng, the development of the "Herald" was closely connected with China's "technocratic movement," which helped popularize notions of "science" and "democracy." Political development in the 1980s put emphasis on those ideas and the Herald played a "critical role" as part of this "elitist movement."
Shutdown.
The newspaper was shut down amidst the political turmoil of the Tiananmen Square incident. Former regime chief Jiang Zemin is thought to have played a significant role in the action. A "reorganization group" was installed to oversee the paper's closure while the chief-editor Qin Beli was ousted.
The newspaper's editorial board responded with a statement of "Our Attitudes and Demands," on May 1, 1989. They characterized the decisions made by the Shanghai Party Committee as "conspicuously unjust" which "damaged the image of the party and the state." The editorial board charged that the Shanghai Party Committee with "disregarded the facts and dealt with the problem in an oversimplified and crude way." The board demanded that the suspension of Comrade Qin Benli be annulled and that the matter should be handled "strictly" according to the law and the "fundamental rights of the news agencies."

</doc>
<doc id="36707156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707156" title="Skew partition">
Skew partition

In graph theory, a skew partition of a graph is a partition of its vertices into two subsets, such that the induced subgraph formed by one of the two subsets is disconnected and the induced subgraph formed by the other subset is the complement of a disconnected graph. Skew partitions play an important role in the theory of perfect graphs.
Definition.
A skew partition of a graph formula_1 is a partition of its vertices into two subsets formula_2 and formula_3 for which the induced subgraph formula_4 is the complement of a disconnected graph (co-disconnected).
Equivalently, a skew partition of a graph formula_1 may be described by a partition of the vertices of formula_1 into four subsets formula_7, formula_8, formula_9, and formula_10, such that there are no edges from formula_7 to formula_8 and such that all possible edges from formula_9 to formula_10 exist; for such a partition, the induced subgraphs formula_15 and formula_16 are disconnected and co-disconnected respectively, so we may take formula_17 and formula_18.
Examples.
Every path graph with four or more vertices has a skew partition, in which the co-disconnected set formula_3 is one of the interior edges of the path and the disconnected set formula_2 consists of the vertices on either side of this edge. However, it is not possible for a cycle graph of any length to have a skew partition: no matter which subsets of the cycle are chosen as the set formula_2, the complementary set formula_3 will have the same number of connected components, so it is not possible for formula_2 to be disconnected and formula_3 to be co-disconnected.
If a graph has a skew partition, so does its complement. For instance, the complements of path graphs have skew partitions, and the complements of cycle graphs do not.
Special cases.
If a graph is itself disconnected, then with only three simple exceptions (an empty graph, a graph with one edge and three vertices, or a four-vertex perfect matching) it has a skew partition, in which the co-disconnected side of the partition consists of the endpoints of a single edge and the disconnected side consists of all other vertices. For the same reason, if the complement of a graph is disconnected, then with a corresponding set of three exceptions it must have a skew partition.
If a graph has a clique separator (a clique whose removal would disconnect the remaining vertices) with more than one vertex, then the partition into the clique and the remaining vertices forms a skew partition. A clique cutset with one vertex is an articulation point; if such a vertex exists, then with a small number of simple exceptions, there is a skew partition in which the co-disconnected side consists of this vertex and one of its neighbors.
A "star cutset" in a graph formula_1 is a vertex separator in which one of the separator vertices is adjacent to all the others. Every clique separator is a star cutset. Necessarily, a graph with a star cutset (with more than one vertex) has a skew partition in which the co-disconnected subgraph consists of the vertices in the star cutset and the disconnected subgraph consists of all the remaining vertices.
A module (or homogeneous set) is a nontrivial subset formula_26 of the vertices of formula_1 such that, for every vertex formula_28 that is not in formula_26, either formula_28 is adjacent to all vertices in formula_26 or to none of them. If a graph formula_1 has a module formula_26 and, outside it, there exist both vertices adjacent to all vertices in formula_26 and other vertices adjacent to none of them, then formula_1 has a star cutset consisting of one vertex in the module together with its neighbors outside the module. On the other hand, if there exists a module in which one of these two subsets is empty, then the graph is disconnected or co-disconnected and again (with the three simple exceptions) it has a skew cutset.
History.
Skew partitions were introduced by , in connection with perfect graphs. Chvátal proved that a minimally imperfect graph could not have a star cutset. Trivially, disconnected graphs cannot be minimally imperfect, and it was also known that graphs with clique separators or modules could not be minimally imperfect. Claude Berge had conjectured in the early 1960s that perfect graphs were the same as the Berge graphs, graphs with no induced odd cycle (of length five or more) or its complement, and (because cycles and their complements do not have skew partitions) no minimal non-Berge graph can have a skew partition. Motivated by these results, Chvátal conjectured that no minimally imperfect graph could have a skew partition. Several authors proved special cases of this conjecture, but it remained unsolved for many years.
Skew partitions gained significance when they were used by to prove the strong perfect graph theorem that the Berge graphs are indeed the same as the perfect graphs. Chudnovsky et al. were unable to prove Chvátal's conjecture directly, but instead proved a weaker result, that a minimal counterexample to the theorem (if it existed) could not have a balanced skew partition, a skew partition in which every induced path with endpoints on one side of the partition and interior vertices on the other side has even length. This result formed a key lemma in their proof, and the full version of Chvátal's lemma follows from their theorem.
In structural graph theory.
Skew partitions form one of the key components of a structural decomposition of perfect graphs used by as part of their proof of the strong perfect graph theorem. Chudnovsky et al. showed that every perfect graph either belongs to one of five basic classes of perfect graphs, or it has one of four types of decomposition into simpler graphs, one of which is a skew partition.
A simpler example of a structural decomposition using skew partitions is given by . He observes that every comparability graph is complete, is bipartite, or has a skew partition. For, if every element of a partially ordered set is either a minimal element or a maximal element, then the corresponding comparability graph is bipartite. If the ordering is a total order, then the corresponding comparability graph is complete. If neither of these two cases arise, but every element that is neither minimal nor maximal is comparable to all other elements, then either the partition into the minimal and non-minimal elements (if there is more than one minimal element) or the partition into the maximal and non-maximal elements (if there is more than one maximal element) forms a star cutset. And in the remaining case, there exists an element formula_36 of the partial order that is not minimal, not maximal, and not comparable with all other elements; in this case, there is a skew partition (the complement of a star cutset) in which the co-disconnected side consists of the elements comparable to formula_36 (not including formula_36 itself) and the disconnected side consists of the remaining elements.
The chordal graphs have an even simpler decomposition of a similar type: they are either complete or they have a clique separator.
Algorithms and complexity.
A skew partition of a given graph, if it exists, may be found in polynomial time. This was originally shown by but with an impractically large running time of formula_39, where formula_40 is the number of vertices in the input graph. improved the running time to formula_41; here formula_42 is the number of input edges.
It is NP-complete to test whether a graph contains a skew partition in which one of the parts of the co-disconnected side is independent.
Testing whether a given graph contains a balanced skew partition is also NP-complete in arbitrary graphs, but may be solved in polynomial time in perfect graphs.

</doc>
<doc id="36707158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707158" title="Gremmendorf">
Gremmendorf

Gremmendorf is a locale in the city of Münster, North-Rhine Westphalia.
History.
Gremmendorf is probably less than 200 years old and is therefore one of the youngest locales in Münster. On a contemporary map of Münster from the year 1763, Gremmendorf is nowhere to be found. The locale is the result of a small settlement around the farmyard of "Gremme" in the "Delstrup" peaseantry. The "Delstrup", along with the "Geist" and "Mecklenbeck" peasantries belonged to the rural community of "Lamberti", and the authority of "Mauritz". "Delstrup" became incorporated into the urban area of Münster in 1903, due to the city's expansion. Due to this expansion on October 1st, 1903, the "Münster-Neubeckum" route of the Westphalian state railway opened, with a stop at the "Erbdrosten" Way, which was later to be called Gremmendorf. In the years to come, the name "Delstrup" eventually faded out in favour of what it is known as today. The restaurant "Waldesruh", known today as "Haus Heuckmann", was first built in 1905 at "Gremmendorfer" Way, and in the same year was added to the then new train station as part of the same facility. 
In following years, barracks for Prussian military personal were built around "Gremmendorfer" Way due to armed mobilization in preparation for the First World War. This effort was also supported by the transformation of the "Loddenheide" from an industrial area to a military base, as well as the building of "Luftnachrichtenkaserne 1936" ( radio transmission outpost 1936), at "Albersloher Way". Ever since 1920, one differentiates "Old-Gremmendorf" (farmyards around "Erbdrosten" Way) and "New-Gremmendorf" in lieu of new settlement around "Gremmendorfer" Way. After the Second World War, the barracks originally intended for German soldiers were taken over and utilized by British occupational forces (Following the defeat of Nazi Germany, the country was divided into 4 separate sectors: American, French, British, and Soviet, which would eventually be known as East Germany ), who ended up constructing even more barracks. Due to this, the residential density of "Old-Gremmendorf" sharply rose, especially around "Albersloher" Way. In 1975, Gremmendorf was officially assigned as part of the south-eastern municipal district.
Culture.
Culturally, Gremmendorf offers a community association, known as "K.-G. Pängelanton". Connected to the association are the Niederdeutsche Heimat-Bühne (a theatrical group performing plays in the Low German dialect), and a sports club, SC Gremmendorf since 1946. Current notable figures include Heinrich Löwe, as founder, and Hermann Treff, as longtime chairman of the locale’s prestigious gun club, Otto Hersing, a U-Boot captain of the First World War, as well as Franz and Josef Horstmann as co-founders of SC Gremmendorf since 1946. Gremmendorf’s largest church community is the Roman Catholic St. Ida Gemeinde, who’s church is situated at "Anton-Knubel" Way. 
Particularities.
There isn’t a single independent street in Gremmendorf. Almost all roads end in Way, as likely observed in above paragraphs. 
Sights.
Next to the long shopping street in the locale-center, is Gremmendorf’s main landmark. It is a classic steam locomotive, called "Pängelanton", which is at the crossing of "Albersloher" and "Erbdrosten" Way. Gremmendorf is also known for the British "York" barracks, on "Albersloher" Way. The memorial at Gremmendorfer Way is a monument to the fallen soldiers of the Second World War. Every year, members of Gremmendorf’s community clubs, as well as members of the "St. Ida Gemeinde" gather for Volkstrauertag.

</doc>
<doc id="36707179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707179" title="Robert Montague (Jamaican politician)">
Robert Montague (Jamaican politician)

Robert Montague (born 1965) is a Jamaican politician with the Jamaica Labour Party. He came from a political family; his father Asquith Nathaniel was a charter member of the JLP. He entered politics in 1990 as a councillor for Carron Hall, Saint Mary Parish. He later became the mayor of Port Maria. In 2012, Opposition Leader Andrew Holness named him a member of the Senate of Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="36707184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707184" title="Shimon Levinson">
Shimon Levinson

Shimon Levinson (born 1933) was a senior Israeli intelligence officer who was arrested for spying for the Soviet Union in 1991. He is considered to have been one of the highest-ranking KGB moles in Israel.
Early life and career.
Shimon Levinson was born in Jerusalem during the British Mandate era in 1933. In 1950, he enlisted in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). From 1950 to 1953, he served as a member of the Israel-Jordan Armistice Committee. In 1954, he was appointed army attache to Turkey, but that same year, he returned to the armistice committee as a coordinator between the IDF Intelligence Corps and the Jordanian Army, serving in this position until 1960. Though he repeatedly failed his officer exams, he was repeatedly promoted and eventually reached the honorary rank of Colonel.
From 1960 to 1961, he participated in a vocational high course for intelligence, and was appointed head of the documentation section of the Military Intelligence Directorate. He eventually left the IDF out of frustration for not being promoted any further, and for a year, served as CEO of the Government Coins and Medals Corporation, but was forced into resignation after he filed a false complaint on corruption and mismanagement. 
In March 1963, he was recruited by Shin Bet, Israel's internal security service, and served in its Jerusalem field office as head of a security vetting team. In 1965, he was transferred to Mossad, the Israeli external intelligence service, at his own request, and was employed in credibility checks. He was employed in Mossad until March 1967, and returned to the Israel-Jordan Armistice Committee until its dissolution in July 1967. He later joined Israel's United Nations liaison unit, and eventually became its commander, serving until 1970. He then returned to Mossad and joined TEVEL, the Mossad department responsible for liaison with allied governments, and served two years as head of the TEVEL station in Ethiopia. He was in charge of organizing secret military aid to the Ethiopian government in its war against Eritrean rebels. 
He was reposted to Israel after causing a security mishap, and served as special assistant to the head of special liaison until 1973. In July 1973, he was reposted as IDF liaison colonel to the UN. He served in this position until 1978, when he retired from the IDF out of frustration over the refusal of IDF Chief of Staff Rafael Eitan to promote him any further.
After retiring from the IDF, Levinson exploited his connections with senior UN officials and arranged for himself to be posted to Bangkok, Thailand, and be appointed head of a UN agency fighting the drug trade in East Asia, a job with a high salary. He served until June 1983, and near the end of his UN service in Thailand, he ran into financial troubles after repeated failed attempts to start his own businesses.
KGB career.
In April 1983, Levinson entered the Soviet embassy in Bangkok and offered to spy for the KGB, hoping to earn enough money to bail him out of his financial problems. He would later admit to his Shin Bet interrogators that his sole motivation was money. Levinson would spy for the Soviet Union for a total of seven years, during which he would make $31,000 - far less than what he had hoped for.
Levinson was accepted, and sent to Moscow for tests. He was trained in the art of coded messages, radio communications, and secret rendezvous, and told what kind of information the KGB was interested in. He subsequently provided his handlers the structure of the Israeli intelligence community, providing detailed information including names and details of units, sub-units, identities of their chiefs, and their modus operandi, details on the Israeli Foreign Ministry, and even provided to KGB with original documents, and information on US intelligence officers in contact with Israeli intelligence. He also described to them the Israeli political system.
In 1984, he returned to Israel and tried to rejoin Mossad, but was rejected due to his character and traits. However, in May 1985, one of his friends, Maj. Gen. (ret.) Avraham Tamir, who was serving as Director-General of the Prime Minister's Office, appointed Levinson Chief Security Officer upon the recommendations of Prime Minister Shimon Peres and former IDF and Shin Bet officers. This new job gave him access to all classified information available to the Prime Minister, which he turned over to the KGB. He also provided his KGB handlers with the structure of the Prime Minister's Office.
Capture and trial.
In May 1991, Mossad, through information from a foreign source, identified Levinson as a spy. He was lured back to Israel from abroad and arrested at Ben-Gurion International Airport. During his interrogation, he made a full confession.
He was tried in the Tel Aviv District Court. The details of the trial were kept secret. During his trial, some of his friends from the military and security services, including Ariel Sharon and Rafi Eitan, testified on his behalf. He was found guilty and sentenced to 12 years in prison.
Imprisonment and later life.
Levinson served seven years of his twelve-year sentence, and was released in 1999 after a third of his sentence had been deducted for good behavior. While imprisoned, his cellmate was Marcus Klingberg, another convicted Soviet spy. While he was imprisoned, his wife left him, his friends and colleagues dissociated themselves from him, and he was expelled from various organizations that he had been a part of, including the IDF Veterans Association. Following his release, he was subjected to a stay of exit order that prevented him from leaving Israel until 2003.
When Levinson was released, he rented an apartment in Jerusalem, and became socially secluded. When his stay of exit term expired, he moved to Thailand, where he found work as an agricultural consultant. He currently lives in Thailand, and only returns to Israel for brief visits.

</doc>
<doc id="36707199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707199" title="Vgethi">
Vgethi

Vgethi (Greek: Βγέθι) is a seaside town in East Attica, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Lavreotiki. Vgethi is a quite place only with scattered little houses and a beach which is visited, not only by the residents, but other people from the city and the suburbs too. It is located near Keratea from the North and to the South it is connected with Lavrio. It can be reached from the city through Lavriou Street.

</doc>
<doc id="36707209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707209" title="Del Rio Texas Port of Entry">
Del Rio Texas Port of Entry

The Del Rio Texas Port of Entry is located at the Del Río – Ciudad Acuña International Bridge. A pontoon bridge was first built around 1919, and it was replaced by a more permanent bridge in 1929 built by the Citizens Bridge Company. That bridge was replaced in 1987. 
The current port of entry facility was rebuilt by the General Services Administration in 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="36707216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707216" title="Jason Stanton">
Jason Stanton

Jason Stanton is a sevens rugby coach who coached the Australian women's rugby sevens team to victory in the inaugural Women's Sevens World Cup. He also served as a skills coach to the Queensland Reds in 2009 and to the South African Springboks 7's from 2008-2011. As a player, Stanton represented Lebanon in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup as well as in the national Sevens team in 2006. He has represented Australia in touch rugby from 2000-2009 winning 3 world titles. 
Early years.
Stanton attended St Patrick's College, Strathfield graduating in 1993. He represented the college in First XI Cricket and First XV Rugby. In 1993 he was selected as Fly half in the NSW ISA First XV Rugby team. Stanton played junior representative Rugby League for Canterbury (u/17s), Balmain (u19s) and Easts (u/19s, u/21s, Reserve Grade). 
Playing career.
Stanton played rugby league for Lebanon at the 2000 World Cup.
Stanton played for Lebanon Rugby League Sevens in 2006. Lebanon won the Orara Valley 7's beating Fiji in the final. Stanton was awarded runner up Player of the Finals. 
Stanton has represented Australia in touch rugby from 2000-2009 winning 3 world titles in 2003, 2005, 2007 and Trans Tasman victories in 2001 & 2009. He represented NSW in State of Origin winning 3 titles in 1999, 2001 & 2004. He was awarded Player of the Series in 1999 and 2004. Stanton has played for the Sydney Mets and Sydney Scorpions in the National Touch League, winning 3 titles in 2004, 2008 & 2011. He was awarded the Player of the Final in 2004, 2007, 2008 and the NTL Player of the Series award in 2007.
Coaching career.
In 2009, Stanton coached the Australian women's rugby sevens team to victory in the inaugural Women's Sevens World Cup. 
He also served as a skills coach to the Queensland Reds in 2009. 
Stanton served as a consultant coach to the South African rugby sevens team from 2008-2011 touring with the team in 2010 & 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36707221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707221" title="Jackson Allen">
Jackson Allen

Jackson Allen (born 14 April 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2011 National Draft, with pick #91, as a Queensland zone selection. Allen made his debut in Round 20, 2012, against at Carrara Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36707222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707222" title="Mirgissa">
Mirgissa

Mirgissa (originally Iken) was a settlement in Northern state, Sudan. Situated at the 2nd cataract, it contained one of the largest fortresses in Nubia. In the time of Thutmose II, 250 to 450 people inhabited the area. The site was first explored by the English geologist Sir Henry George Lyons in 1892, and was excavated by the French Egyptologist Jean Vercoutter from 1962 to 1969. In addition to the fort, excavations uncovered the remains of two cities, one of which was fortified, a northern enclosure, two cemeteries, a boat slide, and a port. Construction of the Aswan High Dam caused the disappearance of Mirgissa, which now lies under the waters of Lake Nubia.
Geography.
Travelers from the north who reached Abusir had to leave their boats and circumvent the 2nd cataract in order to reach Mirgissa. It was situated from the harbor, where boats from the south could dock in calm waters, the rapids of the cataract preventing them from continuing their journey further north. Its lofty geographic position allowed sentries to observe the movement of troops for miles around.
History.
Even before the great fort, an open town existed at Mirgissa. It went on to become a frontier post and trade center; it also served as a river control point at the 2nd cataract. The occupation of the region dates back to 7500 BC as shown by the evidence obtained at Akha, an important Mesolithic site located a few hundred meters east of the great fortress. Large stone tools, dating from 3500 BC, were found in several places of the plain. They demonstrate that Mirgissa was occupied in Neolithic times. But the occupation was at its height during the Middle Kingdom and Second Intermediate Period of ancient Egypt, and to a lesser extent, during the New Kingdom. 
While Senusret I probably established the fortification site within the northern enclosure, the great fortress was mainly the work of Senusret III. A stele, dated to year 8 of the reign of Senusret III, was discovered near the fortress of Semna. Its inscription stresses the economic importance of Mirgissa. Its translation reads:
During the Twelfth Dynasty, it served as a customs post for travels heading north to Egypt. The periods of most intense occupation date from the Thirteenth Dynasty and then the Hyksos era, as evidenced by the large number of beetles found on the premises. The great fortress was then re-occupied during the Eighteenth Dynasty, followed by a sharp decline until the Twentieth Dynasty. Sporadically occupied at the time Meroitic era, the abandonment of the site was final during the early Christian era.
Mirgissa's open city predates its fortification. Situated north-northeast of the great fortress, it stretched over a area. In its early development, the city was protected by a stone wall thick, though the residential area later spread outside the walled section. According to various artifacts unearthed at the site, such as jars, millstones, bread molds, beer mugs, and plates, the city appeared to have been occupied by a strictly Egyptian population during the Middle Empire and the Second Intermediate Period. Of the two older excavated houses, the first was surrounded by a rectangular corrugated brick wall, while the second, a stone hut, was mainly rectangular though it contained circular elements.
The multiple cemeteries at Mirgissa establish a continuous settlement here from the late Middle Kingdom through the New Kingdom:
Fortress.
The great fortress dominated the western Wadi. It was built by the pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom to defend their southern border and control trade routes that passed through the Nile from Sudan and Africa. From a strategic and commercial standpoint, Mirgissa was of importance as it ensured economic exchanges between the Kingdom of Kush and Egypt. Together with Dabenarti, situated on a rocky islet measuring , the two fortresses formed a barrier to prevent invasions from the south. During excavations, only the foundation remained of the smaller Dabenarti fort, dating from the Twelfth Dynasty, its purpose having been to protect the harbor and dock located at the southern end of the The Boat Slide. The great fortress was abandoned during the reign of Neferhotep I.
While eleven forts were built during the reign of Senusret III in the region between the 2nd and 3rd cataracts, including Shalfak, Uronarti, Askut, Semna, Kumma, and Sumna South, Mirgissa was the largest of them.
The great fortress covered more than . Its double wall with bastions and square-cornered towers, high, protected the city. The walls were more than thick and over high. Both entrances were protected by a ditch. The south side, facing the Nile, was protected by a fortified wall, which perfectly fit the rocky peaks on which it was underpinned. Two enormous gates were flanked to the north and near the southeast corner of the river. The north gate had a narrow passage, its access blocked by two massive wooden doors and a portcullis. Angled bedding-planes enabled the uphill brickwork. Excavations revealed a small temple dedicated to the goddess Hathor and a stele mentioning this goddess as the mistress of Iken; this discovery enabled positive identification of the fortress.
Port and boat slide.
During excavations, few traces of the port were evident, probably due to an exceptional flood. However, the French expedition identified the remains of a boat slipway, over in length. It extended to the natural harbor in the south. It served as a slide for hauling boats who wanted to pass the 2nd cataract. Composed of evenly spaced wooden cross beams set in silt and spread mud layers, it was low enough to wet the clay and make it very slippery, thus reducing friction between the boat hull and the track.
Archaeological finds.
The expedition of John Vercoutter made a discovery in the surrounding desert, west and not far from the city open, of a grave filled with some 3,500 fragments of pottery sherds; some were inscribed. The Execration texts listed the names of foreign countries and their leaders, their purpose apparently being a form of ritual magic designed to curse the enemies of Egypt. It is highly likely that once the text was written on a vase, it was broken and its fragments buried in the grave. Near this place, three statues dating from the Twelfth Dynasty were also unearthed, as well as a seal from Nebiryraw I of the Sixteenth Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="36707233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707233" title="Katerva">
Katerva

Katerva is a :UK based non-profit organization which promotes sustainability by recognizing initiatives around the world.. Founded in 2009 by Canadian author Terry Waghorn, Katerva states that its mission is “To create the World’s first truly open platform for change.”
Name.
The name "Katerva" (Kah-tair-vah) comes from the :Latin "caterva", meaning “crowd”. Katerva's goal is to mobilze and energize the crowd to collaborate on creating our sustainable future.
Awards.
Katerva began as a set of awards intended to recognize the best ideas in sustainability. The awards are broken up into:
Sustainability initiatives are nominated for the awards and put through a ten-month-long evaluation process involving approximately 500 individuals. Nominees are judged upon validation, scalability, policy, and impact. 
The Grand Prize winner is announced every March at Katerva’s annual gala; the 2012 Gala was held in New York City.
Support.
Katerva works in conjunction with a number of different organizations and individuals to create and utilize its network.
Well known organizations and individuals associated with Katerva:
Since 2012 Katerva has been divided into three categories: The Awards, The Agora and The Solutions Centre

</doc>
<doc id="36707271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707271" title="Zhao Feng">
Zhao Feng

Zhao Feng (; died 935) was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Later Tang, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Mingzong.
Background and life prior to Later Tang's establishment.
Zhao Feng was probably born during the reign of Emperor Xizong of Tang in the late 870s or early 880s, as he would describe himself as either 49 or in his 50s in 934 shortly before his death, but the exact year is not known. It is known, however, that he was from You Prefecture (幽州, in modern Beijing). In his youth, he became a Confucian scholar. As he was later referred to as a "Jinshi" (進士), he probably also passed the imperial examinations during Tang.
The region eventually came under control of the warlord Liu Shouguang the military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered at You Prefecture), and sometime after Liu became a nominal vassal of Tang's successor state Later Liang (the first of the five dynasties that controlled the Central Plains in the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period) and received the title of Prince of Yan, Liu decided to conscript as many men into his army as possible and tattoo their faces. Many scholars were fearful of this fate and became Buddhist monks to avoid this. Zhao was one of those who took tonsure to avoid this fate, although he subsequently fled to Yan's neighboring state Jin, and came to serve on staff of Liu Shouguang's brother Liu Shouqi (劉守奇), who had also fled to Jin to avoid his brother's rule.
In 912, when Jin's prince Li Cunxu launched a major attack on Yan (which Liu Shouguang had proclaimed a separate empire by that point with himself being emperor), commanded by his major general Zhou Dewei, Liu Shouqi accompanied Zhou on the campaign. When Zhou put Yan's Zhuo Prefecture (涿州, in modern Baoding, Hebei) under siege, the prefect Liu Zhiwen (劉知溫) initially defended the city against the siege, but when Liu Shouqi appeared at the city walls to persuade him to surrender, he did. Zhou, however, was jealous of Liu Shouqi's easily being able to persuade Liu Zhiwen to surrender, and made a false accusation against Liu Shouqi to Li. When Li subsequently summoned Liu Shouqi to his presence, Liu Shouqi, not sure what Li would do, fled with Zhao and another staff member, Liu Qufei (劉去非), to Later Liang. Later Liang's Emperor Taizu commissioned Liu Shouqi as the prefect of Bo Prefecture (博州, in modern Liaocheng, Shandong), and Zhao accompanied Liu Shouqi to Bo Prefecture to serve as his secretary. It was not stated in historical accounts whether Zhao also accompanied Liu Shouqi to Shunhua Circuit (順化, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei) when Later Liang took it from Yan in 913 and made Liu Shouqi its military governor ("Jiedushi"), but it was said that after Liu Shouqi's subsequent death, Zhao became the secretary to the military governor of Tianping Circuit (天平, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong).
During Later Tang.
During Emperor Zhuangzong's reign.
In 923, Li Cunxu declared himself emperor of a new Later Tang (as Emperor Zhuangzong), claiming to be the legitimate successor to Tang. Soon thereafter, in a surprise attack across the Yellow River commanded by Emperor Zhuangzong's adoptive brother Li Siyuan, Later Tang forces captured Tianping's capital Yun Prefecture (鄆州). Li Siyuan took Zhao Feng and the deputy military commander Cui Dang (崔簹) captive and delivered them to Emperor Zhuangzong's then-location, Xingtang (興唐, in modern Handan, Hebei). Emperor Zhuangzong, who had been impressed with Zhao's reputation previously, made him an imperial scholar with the title of "Huluan Xueshi" (扈鑾學士). After he completed the conquest of Later Liang later in the year, he gave Zhao the more formal imperial scholar title of "Hanlin Xueshi" (翰林學士) and also made him "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng").
During Emperor Zhuangzong's reign, Zhao became known for his frank advice to Emperor Zhuangzong — which the emperor appreciated but rarely accepted. For example, in 924, when Emperor Zhuangzong's wife Empress Liu wanted to make the very wealthy ex-Later Liang official Zhang Quanyi her godfather, apparently because he offered her many gifts, Empress Liu asked Zhao to draft a letter thanking Zhang. Zhao, instead, submitted a secret petition to Emperor Zhuangzong, stating, "Ever since ancient times, there was no occasion when the mother of the territory under the heavens called a subject her father." Emperor Zhuangzong praised Zhao for his frankness, but still allowed Empress Liu and Zhang to enter into this relationship. On another occasion, when Zhang's adoptive son Hao Jisun (郝繼孫) was sentenced to death for a crime, Emperor Zhuangzong's close associates, including eunuchs and actors, wanted to confiscate Hao's considerable wealth. Zhao submitted another petition, pointing out that as an adoptive son to Zhang, Hao should not have had his separate wealth, and that confiscating the wealth that Hao maintained would give an impression that sentencing him to death was for the purpose of taking that wealth. It appeared that Emperor Zhuangzong also did not accept this advice.
During Emperor Mingzong's reign.
In 926, Emperor Zhuangzong was killed in a mutiny at the capital Luoyang that spawned from a series of mutinies after the major general Guo Chongtao had been killed on the orders of Empress Liu. Li Siyuan, who had led one of the mutinies, then arrived at Luoyang and, after initially claiming the title of regent, later took the throne (as Emperor Mingzong). As Emperor Mingzong was illiterate, and his chief of staff ("Shumishi") An Chonghui, while literate, was not well-versed in the literatures and history, Emperor Mingzong was having difficulty reacting to the petitions that came to him, as emperor. At An's suggestion, Emperor Mingzong thus established two high posts for imperial scholars at Duanming Palace (端明殿), and commissioned Zhao Feng and Feng Dao to serve in those posts.
Zhao, while recommended by An, was also friendly with the chancellor Ren Huan, whom, however, An viewed as a political enemy, and who was removed from his chancellor post in 927, apparently under An's instigation. Later in the year, however, An, believing that Ren might join the general Zhu Shouyin in rebellion, persuaded Emperor Mingzong to order Ren to commit suicide. Despite An's power, Zhao, weeping, nevertheless stated to him, "Ren Huan is a righteous man; how would he consider rebelling? You, Lord, are so excessive in your punishments, and how can you govern the state like this?" It was said that An was shamed by Zhao's speech, but the speech apparently had no effect, as Ren's death was subsequently carried out.
Prior to Emperor Mingzong's becoming emperor, a fortuneteller named Zhou Xuanbao (周玄豹) had stated to him that his appearance showed honor beyond measure. After Emperor Mingzong became emperor, he wanted to summon Zhou to his presence. Zhao recommended against this, stating:
After Zhao's advice, Emperor Mingzong only gave Zhou an honorary commission and awards in gold and silk, and did not summon him.
In 927, Emperor Mingzong had briefly moved his court from Luoyang to the eastern capital Kaifeng. (It was Emperor Mingzong's announcement of this movement that led to Zhu's rebellion, as Zhu, who was then Kaifeng's defender, believed that the move was targeting him.) In 928, Emperor Mingzong considered going from there to Yedu (鄴都, i.e., the same city as Xingtang). The imperial guard soldiers were displeased that they had just had to move their families from Luoyang to Kaifeng and now faced a prospect of further moving them from Kaifeng to Yedu. Further, the warlord Wang Du the military governor of Yiwu Circuit (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding) also believed that the move was targeting him, and therefore prepared to resist. Despite this, most officials did not dare to oppose Emperor Mingzong's move. Zhao reported these issues to An and, in frank words, and An agreed; after An reported Zhao's advice to Emperor Mingzong, Emperor Mingzong stopped the planned movement to Yedu.
On another occasion, when a Buddhist monk who had visited the Xiyu regions offered to the emperor a relic that the monk claimed to be a tooth from a Buddha, Emperor Mingzong awarded the monk many gifts. Zhao pointed out that under Buddhist tradition, the Buddha's tooth should be indestructible, and asked to test it. He took an axe to it, and it crumbled easily. Emperor Mingzong thereafter stopped the awards to the monk.
In 929, Emperor Mingzong made Zhao "Menxia Shilang" (門下侍郎, deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng")) and a chancellor, with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). This brought displeasure from Zhao's fellow imperial scholar Yu Qiao (于嶠), who had been previously friendly with Zhao but who believed himself to be more capable than Zhao. Yu and another official, Xiao Xifu (蕭希甫), thereafter submitted a number of petitions that attacked the governance at the time but particularly targeting Zhao. Zhao became resentful of them, but did not initially react. Meanwhile, Yu also offended An based on a dispute that Yu had with one of his neighbors over a watermill, and at An's instruction, Zhao had Yu demoted to the less prestigious position of "Mishu Shaojian" (秘書少監), the deputy head of the archival bureau (秘書省, "Mishu Sheng"). Yu wanted to discuss with Zhao about this, and so took wine to Zhao's house, intending to drink with Zhao and talk. Zhao knew what Yu wanted to see him for and therefore had his servant refuse the meeting for him, claiming that he was bathing. In anger, Yu urinated on the entryway of Zhao's servant's booth and cursed the servant. The servant instead claimed to Zhao that Yu cursed "Zhao" and urinated on Zhao's mansion door. Zhao reported this to Emperor Mingzong, who reacted by stripping Yu of his offices and exiling him, first to Wu Prefecture (武州, in modern Zhangjiakou, Hebei), then to Zhenwu (振武, headquartered in modern Shuozhou, Shanxi). It was said that the people lamented this punishment as overly harsh.
In 930, An, who had past grudges against Emperor Mingzong's adoptive son Li Congke, encouraged Li Congke's subordinate Yang Yanwen (楊彥溫) to mutiny, to try to inculpate Li Congke. Li Congke was forced to flee to Luoyang. After Yang's mutiny was put down, An tried to have Feng and Zhao suggest to Emperor Mingzong that Li Congke should be punished for his lack of control over the army, but Emperor Mingzong rebuffed them, only having Li Congke return to his mansion. Subsequently, the officers Li Xingde (李行德) and Zhang Jian (張儉) encouraged one Bian Yanwen (邊彥溫) into falsely accusing An of plotting a rebellion. Emperor Mingzong, disbelieving the accusation, immediately had Bian put to death, and later, at Zhao's suggestion, also had Li Xingde and Zhang, as well as their families, put to death. Still, An was under much attack for holding onto power too long, such that Emperor Mingzong considered replacing him and such that An himself offered to resign. Feng believed that what was best for An was for him to be relieved of his position as "Shumishi". Zhao disagreed and argued to Emperor Mingzong that An, as his chief advisor, should not be easily removed. Emperor Mingzong agreed (at that time) and left An in his post as "Shumishi".
In 931, with the Later Tang forces commanded by Emperor Mingzong's son-in-law Shi Jingtang having no success against two rebel generals, Meng Zhixiang the military governor of Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan) and Dong Zhang the military governor of Dongchuan Circuit (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan) — whose rebellions were considered to be caused by An's suspicions against them — An offered to head to the front to oversee the campaign himself. However, as soon as he left the capital, the general Zhu Hongzhao the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) accused An of plotting to take over Shi's army. Emperor Mingzong thereafter summoned An back to Luoyang, but even before An could reach there, instead commissioned him to be the military governor of Huguo Circuit (護國, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), a fairly surprising demotion for someone of such high power. With An's safety considered precarious at that point, Zhao wanted to try to save An and so stated to Emperor Mingzong:
Emperor Mingzong came to believe that Zhao was in league with An, and therefore became very displeased. After An was subsequently ordered to retire, and then killed, Emperor Mingzong also sent Zhao out of the capital, to serve as the military governor of Anguo Circuit (安國, headquartered in modern Xingtai, Hebei), still carrying the "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" title as an honorary chancellor title. It was said that while at Anguo, Zhao distributed his salaries to the officers, staff members, and guests, and did not keep wealth for himself.
After Emperor Mingzong's reign.
Emperor Mingzong died in 933 and was succeeded by his biological son Li Conghou the Prince of Song (as Emperor Min). In 934, Emperor Min's leading advisors Zhu Hongzhao and Feng Yun, not wanting Shi Jingtang (who was then the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi)) and Li Congke (who was then the military governor of Fengxiang) to be entrenched, tried to move them both. Li Congke, believing that they had unfriendly intentions toward him, rebelled, and quickly advanced on Luoyang, forcing Emperor Min to flee to Wei Prefecture (衛州, in modern Xinxiang, Henan). When Zhao heard this, he initially wanted to take his soldiers and staff and immediately head to Wei Prefecture to attend to Emperor Min — despite the dangers such an action might have — and the soldiers were initially willing to follow him. He never carried out the journey, however, before news came that Emperor Min had been killed by emissaries sent by Li Congke.
Li Congke subsequently took the throne. He summoned Zhao back to Luoyang to serve in the honorary post of "Taizi Taibao" (太子太保). However, due to a foot ailment, Zhao was unable to attend imperial meetings. When the illness became greater, Zhao tried to discern his own fortune using the "I Ching", but as soon as he was about to discern the results, he tossed them aside, stating, "Our family has never had someone who reached the age of 49, and was for generations poor and unhonored. I have already reached that age, and had been both general and chancellor. Why do I want more years?" He died in 935.

</doc>
<doc id="36707289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707289" title="Arthur Law">
Arthur Law

Arthur Law may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36707321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707321" title="Alleged in Their Own Time">
Alleged in Their Own Time

Alleged in Their Own Time is the sixth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1975 through Rounder Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36707348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707348" title="Enciclonet">
Enciclonet

Enciclonet is an online general purpose encyclopedia in the Spanish language. It is based on the "Enciclopedia Universal Micronet". A 2012 study comparing "Enciclonet" content to that of Spanish Wikipedia found the former to be highly popular and comprehensive. "Enciclonet" was chosen for the "Wikipedia" comparison over several other online Spanish encyclopedias.

</doc>
<doc id="36707361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707361" title="Doug Rupe">
Doug Rupe

He competed at the 1976 Toronto Games in three athletics events. He won a silver medal in the Men's High Jump A. 

</doc>
<doc id="36707372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707372" title="Tim Golds">
Tim Golds

Tim Golds (born 4 June 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Greater Western Sydney Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club as an underage selection at the age of 17. Golds made his debut in Round 20, 2012, against at Carrara Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36707374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707374" title="Inter-American Adventist Theological Seminary">
Inter-American Adventist Theological Seminary

Inter-American Adventist Theological Seminary (IATS) is an educational institution of the Inter‐American Division of the Seventh-­day Adventists tasked with equipping ministers within the division with advanced degrees to better serve the church. IATS is administered from the church's divisional headquarters in Miami, Fl, but classes are taught at several of the church-run universities within the territory. It is accredited by the USA-based Association of Theological Schools (ATS) and The Accrediting Association of Seventh-day Adventist Schools, Colleges, and Universities (AAA). 
History.
IATS traces its roots to the 1970s when in order to halt the brain-drain of talented ministers to North America SDA colleges within the Inter-American Division (IAD) territory (nations and islands in and/or bordering the Caribbean Sea, including Mexico and the Guianas) began forging relationships with Andrews University in the United States to offer graduate programs in the area. These relationships grew into a formal arrangement between the IAD and the SDA Theological Semenary at Andrews University that allowed ultimately ten campuses within the IAD territory to offer graduate degrees in Theology and Religion. The program was very successful but the costs were prohibitive, so in 1996 IAD voted to formally wean itself off Andrews University by establishing IATS which graduated its first ministerial doctorates in 2007 and won full accreditation in 2011.
Centers.
IATS courses are taught on the following IAD campuses:
Colombia Adventist University -- Columbia
Central American Adventist University -- Costa Rica
Cuba Adventist Seminary -- Cuba
Dominican Adventist University -- Dominican Republic
Haitian Adventist University -- Haiti
Northern Caribbean University -- Jamaica
University of Montemorelos -- Mexico
Antillean Adventist University -- Puerto Rico
University of the Southern Caribbean -- Trinidad
Venezuelan Adventist University -- Venezuela
Programs.
IATS offers the following accredited degree programs:

</doc>
<doc id="36707377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707377" title="Annai College of Arts and Science">
Annai College of Arts and Science

Annai College of Arts and Science is a college in Kovilacheri, Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu, India. Which is affiliated to Bharathidasan University Trichirapalli.

</doc>
<doc id="36707411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707411" title="Million Dollar Infield">
Million Dollar Infield

Million Dollar Infield is a 1982 made-for-TV film, starring Bonnie Bedelia and Rob Reiner.
Four wealthy Long Islanders who play for an amateur softball team. All four men suffer from profound personal and professional problems, thus the weekly ball game becomes a method of working out their frustrations. So adept do they become at this cathartic activity that their team makes it to the state-wide championship—which leads to yet another crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="36707417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707417" title="Nezhevka">
Nezhevka

"Nezhevka" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36707425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707425" title="Macul metro station">
Macul metro station

Macul is a metro station on the Line 4 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station occupies the central viaduct of three adjacent viaducts. The other elevated bridges carry three one-way lanes each of Vespucio Sur. It is located on the site of a former roundabout, where Américo Vespucio Avenue, La Florida Avenue, Macul Avenue and Departamental Avenue used meet. The latter ones currently pass under the aforementioned viaducts, as does a canal called "Zanjón de la Aguada".
The station roof has the shape of a motorcycle fender.

</doc>
<doc id="36707464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707464" title="Cyclone Ernest">
Cyclone Ernest

Cyclone Ernest was one of two intense tropical cyclones in the 2004–05 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season. The eighth tropical disturbance of the season, Ernest formed from a persistent area of thunderstorms in the central Indian Ocean. It initially moved southwestward, intensifying into Tropical Storm Ernest on January 20 while moving into the Mozambique Channel. After hitting Mayotte, the storm quickly intensified to reach peak winds of 165 km/h (105 mph 10 minute winds) off the western coast of Madagascar. Ernest weakened slightly before striking the southwest portion of that country on January 23, producing widespread flooding and gusty winds. The next day the cyclone became extratropical before dissipating on January 25. 
On Mayotte, Ernest produced peak wind gusts of 98 km/h (61 mph). The storm drew moisture away from Malawi, causing a nine day period of dry conditions. A few days after Ernest struck Madagascar, 2004–05 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season#Moderate Tropical Storm FelapiTropical Storm Felapi affected the same region and produced further flooding. The combined effects of the storms killed 78 people and left over 32,000 homeless. Widespread crop damage sparked food protests, although the World Food Programme provided an emergency supply of rice to affected residents.
Meteorological history.
An area of convection persisted on January 16 to the west of Diego Garcia, and that day Météo-France (MF) classified the system as Tropical Disturbance 08. The system maintained thunderstorms over a developing circulation, located in an area of weak to moderate wind shear. It developed outflow and gradually organized, prompting the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) to issue a tropical cyclone formation alert on January 17. That day, the MF discontinued advisories after the system briefly halted its development trend. The disturbance continued its movement to the west-southwest, and on January 19 began intensifying. That day, the JTWC classified it as Tropical Cyclone 12S to the north of the northern coast of Madagascar. After continued development, MF upgraded the system to Tropical Storm Ernest on January 20.
After attaining tropical storm status, Ernest entered the Mozambique Channel and turned to the southwest. It developed outflow on opposite sides of the storm, and an eye gradually became evident. While strengthening, Ernest moved over Mayotte and passed southeast of Comoros. By late on January 20, the storm rapidly intensified over warm waters into a tropical cyclone – the equivalent of a 120 km/h (75 mph) hurricane. Around that time, Ernest had turned to the south, along the western periphery of a ridge. On January 22, MF upgraded the storm into an intense tropical cyclone with peak winds of 165 km/h (105 mph 10 minute winds) when it was located off the west coast of Madagascar. At around the same time, the JTWC estimated Ernest attained peak winds of 185 km/h (115 mph 1 minute sustained).
While at peak intensity, Ernest was a small cyclone with gales extending 130 km (80 mi) outward from the well-defined eye. After maintaining peak winds for about 12 hours, the cyclone began weakening while turning to the southeast. On January 23, Ernest made landfall on the southwest coast of Madagascar at Itampolo, with winds estimated at 130 km/h (80 mph). The cyclone accelerated to the southeast across the island and quickly weakened into a tropical storm. Late on January 23, the JTWC issued its last advisory after Ernest began transitioning into an extratropical cyclone. Early the next day, MF declared Ernest extratropical, and continued tracking it until the storm dissipated on January 25 in the southern Indian Ocean.
Impact and aftermath.
The storm first struck Mayotte, affecting the island with gale-force gusts for about six hours. Sustained winds reached 78 km/h (48 mph), and wind gusts peaked at 98 km/h (61 mph). Effects on the island were minimal. Cyclone Ernest indirectly affected Malawi, located inland in southeast Africa. The storm's circulation removed moisture from the country and prevented any rainfall from occurring in the southern part of the country during a nine-day period.
In southern Madagascar, the cyclone produced high winds and heavy rainfall. The highest rainfall was a 24 hour total of , and the highest wind gust was , both of which observed in Toliara. Many fishermen in the area were not aware of the storm's approach, and several of them died as a result. About five days after Cyclone Ernest struck Madagascar, Tropical Storm Felapi struck the same general area, causing additional flooding. The combined effects of Ernest and Felapi killed 39 people, injured 104, and left 214 people missing as of February 25, 2005. Later, the death toll was finalized at 78 in the International Disaster Database. The storms damaged 5,792 buildings, and there were 32,191 people left homeless. The floods damaged about 4,483 hectares (11,078 acres) of crop fields in southern Madagascar. 
Portions of the country faced shortages of rice due to crop damage from Ernest, as well as from Cyclone Gafilo in the previous year. This caused prices to increase, resulting in street protests. As a result, the World Food Programme provided 45 tons of rice to affected residents, although persistent flooding disrupted relief work. In general, damage from Ernest and Felapi were less than that from Gafilo in the previous year. Madagascar's National Emergency Centre deployed workers to do search and rescue missions and provide water to storm victims.

</doc>
<doc id="36707473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707473" title="Rawmarsh Welfare F.C.">
Rawmarsh Welfare F.C.

Rawmarsh Welfare F.C. was an English football club located in Rawmarsh, in Rotherham. The club played in the Yorkshire Football League from 1953 to 1982. They reached the First Round of the FA Cup in 1951–52.
History.
Rawmarsh Welfare Football Club entered the FA Cup for the first time in 1931. After an FA Cup campaign in 1951–52 that got them to the First Round, the club joined the Yorkshire Football League Division Two in 1953. They won the league in their inaugural season and gained promotion to Division One. However, they were relegated the following season. The next season they again gained promotion as champions. In 1957–58, Rawmarsh were relegated to Division Two, but were promoted as fourth the following season. In 1959–60, they were relegated again. The club were champions in 1963–64, which lead to another two year stint in Division One, followed by a further relegation. Rawmarsh were crowned champions of Division Two again in 1968–69, and followed this up by winning Division One in 1969–70. They suffered relegation again in 1973–74, and again in 1974–75 to Division Three. Rawmarsh won Division Three the following year and yo-yoed between Division Three and Two for six years before folding in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36707480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707480" title="El Agente 00-P2">
El Agente 00-P2

El Agente 00-P2 (also known as Agent Macaw: Shaken & Stirred) is a 2009 Mexican flash animated action-comedy-spy film produced by Ánima Estudios and distributed by Videociné. It was released in theaters on February 13, 2009. This film references the popular "James Bond" and "" movies.
Synopsis.
Tambo Macaw (Jaime Camil), an overweight macaw who works as a janitor at the Central Intelligentus Animalus (CIA) dreams of becoming a secret agent. The opportunity arises when he is assigned, by mistake, the most important mission in the agency's history; stop the wicked plans of Mamá Osa (Silvia Pinal) and her evil organization. Tambo is helped by Gino Tutifrutti (Mario Castañeda Partido), an old turtle that's in charge of the “advanced” technology lab in the agency and is one of Tambo's few friends. This odd couple journey into the coolest and craziest adventure ever, which will lead them to faraway places where they'll face weird and dangerous foes. Our heroes will have to use their limited resources – in Tambo's case, his limited intelligence – to save the world from an icy extinction.
Box office.
"El Agente 00-P2" has earned $4,443,539 MXN ($347,138 USD) on its opening weekend and grossed a total of $19,444,465 MXN ($1,518,150 USD) during its theatrical run.
Soundtrack.
This film features two hit singles, "One Way or Another", performed by Blondie, and "Summer Fun", performed by The Barracudas.

</doc>
<doc id="36707499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707499" title="Sparkasse Schwyz">
Sparkasse Schwyz

Sparkasse Schwyz AG is a regional savings bank in the Swiss Canton of Schwyz, founded in 1812 and thus one of the oldest banks in continuous operation in the world. The bank has offices in Schwyz, Brunnen, Goldau and Küssnacht am Rigi. As of 2008, it had 61 employees. It is associated with RBA-Holding.

</doc>
<doc id="36707504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707504" title="Martin Bunzl">
Martin Bunzl

Martin Bunzl (born 1948, London, England) is professor of philosophy at Rutgers University in New Brunswick NJ, where he directed the Rutgers Initiative in Climate and Social Policy from 2007 to 2011.
Biography.
Bunzl graduated from the University of Minnesota, from which he obtained a BA and a Ph.D. His early work dealt primarily with causation, in which he developed a deflationary account of causal overdetermination; what David Lewis called "Bunzl events". 
In the Philosophy of History, Bunzl's focus has been on the ontological commitments of historians, including their use of counterfactuals. Natalie Zemon Davis, author of "The Return of Martin Guerre" and "Society and Culture in Early Modern France", has written of Martin Bunzl's "Real History": book "provides a breath of fresh air in writing on the philosophy and epistemology of history. In language accessible to historians, philosophers, and the reading public more generally, he explores the questions posed by the various 'turns' of the post-war decades: deconstructive, linguistic, literary, anthropological, and quantitative. He looks not just at what historians say about their methods, but at what they actually do." 
With a specialty in the Philosophy of Science, he is the author of The Context Of Explanation and Real History and co-editor of Buying Freedom and Foundational Issues in Human Brain Mapping, as well as numerous scholarly articles.
Bunzl is currently examining the experimental methodology and ethics of geoengineering.

</doc>
<doc id="36707508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707508" title="Mosadi Seboko">
Mosadi Seboko

Mosadi Seboko (born 7 June 1950) is the kgosikgolo of the Balete people in Botswana. She is the first female kgosikgolo in the history of Botswana.
Early life.
Mosadi Seboko was born on 7 June 1950 in Ramotswa, south of Gaborone. Her name "Mosadi" literally means "woman" in Setswana, and she was given the English name "Muriel". Her father, Mokgosi II, expected a boy to be his oldest child, but upon seeing his daughter, he said, "Well, it's a woman. What can I do? It's my child." In 1969, she graduated from Moeding College. Two years later, she became the department administrator at Barclay's Bank. She ended her six-year marriage with her abusive husband in 1978.
Chieftanship.
Mosadi Seboko's brother was kgosikgolo from 1 June 1996 to 17 June 2001 when he died from an illness. Tumelo Seboko, an uncle of Mosadi, became acting kgosikgolo from 21 June 2001 to 7 January 2002. Mosadi's mother and sisters pushed her to become the next kgosikgolo during this time, which would break a history of solely male dikgosikgolo. At the time of the installation, she worked as a floor manager at Century Office Supplies in Broadhurst. Mosadi based her claim for "bogosi" on the "birthright equity"; since she was the first born, she should have precedence in becoming kgosikgolo.
Seboko had many critics because she was a woman. Her uncle Tumelo wanted Tsmiane Mokgosi, a cousin of Mosadi, to become kgosikgolo instead, and other members of the kgotla tried to delay her installation by saying that she did not have the skills to lead the traditional leopard hunt or to engage in the "rainmaking" ritual, both of which were necessary to prove a kgosikgolo's legitimacy. Mosadi rebutted the arguments, saying that many of those traditions fell into disuse when Christianity came to Botswana.
Her ascension was revolutionary in that it overthrew a tradition where women were only allowed in the "kgotla" (village meeting) if they were invited by a male. She assumed office on 7 January 2002 and became chairperson of the Ntlo ya Dikgosi on 28 February 2002. She was officially coronated on 30 August 2003 and received not only the traditional gift of cattle but also a Toyota pickup truck, washing machine, vacuum cleaner, computer, and printer. During her coronation, she noted the changing dynamics of her tribe:
Her leadership style is unconventional compared to her male predecessors: she openly talks about her abusive husband, sexual rights for women, and the growing HIV/AIDS problem. Critics have accused her of "defending women", but Mosadi Seboko responded that she is instead "angry at women [...] for failing to exert more control over their own circumstances".

</doc>
<doc id="36707526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707526" title="Nathan Blee">
Nathan Blee

Nathan Blee (born 7 September 1990) is a professional Australian rules football player who played for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2011 National Draft, with pick #51. Blee made his debut in Round 20, 2012, against at York Park.
Nathan Blee drafted East Perth with \ with Port Adelaide's last pick in the 2011 draft (pick 51). Mainly drafted as a KPD depth player. Named in the WAFL team of the year as a fullback in 2011 prior to being drafted. Experienced glandular fever in his first pre season with Port Adelaide Nathan Blee started the year without making a fuss, playing his role in his SANFL side (North Adelaide) but not excelling to any degree. Around halfway through the year North Adelaide (SANFL) coach Josh Francou decided to play Nathan up forward and on the wing, where he excelled kicking numerous goals and finding some good form. This form was justified with a debut into AFL against Hawthorn in round 20. Blee was delisted by the Power at the end of the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36707536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707536" title="2005 Chennai floods">
2005 Chennai floods

The 2005 Chennai floods were some of the worst floods to have hit the city of Chennai, India. The floods occurred during the North-East monsoon season (November-December 2005) as a result of heavy rain. Over 50 people were killed in two incidents of stampede for food and money in relief camps.

</doc>
<doc id="36707540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707540" title="Herring Island (Elk River)">
Herring Island (Elk River)

Herring Island is a 2 acre private property at the mouth of the Herring Creek in Cecil County, Maryland. It has played a considerable role in local history, with local Native tribes hunting there and the English camping there during the War of 1812.
Herring Island formed during the 17th century with the erosion of Herring Creek's peninsula into an island.
From the early 20th Century until the 1970s it was a Boy Scout Camp, consisting of numerous log cabins. Following a fire that destroyed the main cabin the property was purchase by a family, and has been a private residence since.

</doc>
<doc id="36707569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707569" title="My Princess Boy">
My Princess Boy

My Princess Boy is an American picture book written by Cheryl Kilodavis and illustrated by Suzanne DeSimone. 
Kilodavis first self-published the book in 2009 via KD Talent of Seattle. On 21 December of the following year, Simon & Schuster published a new edition on their Aladdin imprint.
Kilodavis wrote the book about her son, Dyson, and their family. Dyson's self-expression does not conform to stereotypical gender roles. One of the ways he expresses himself is by wearing clothing meant for girls.
Kilodavis titled her book after a defining moment when Dyson declared to her, "I am a princess boy."

</doc>
<doc id="36707582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707582" title="Doctor Who (series 8)">
Doctor Who (series 8)

The eighth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who is planned to air from 23 August 2014 on BBC One. The series will be the first to star Peter Capaldi as the Twelfth Doctor, and will co-star Jenna Coleman as Clara Oswald in her first full series.
Casting.
The show's star since 2010, Matt Smith announced in June 2013 that he would be leaving "Doctor Who" following the 2013 Christmas episode "The Time of the Doctor". His replacement was announced, after several weeks of speculation, on a special live broadcast called "Doctor Who Live: The Next Doctor" on 4 August as Peter Capaldi, who had up to that point been best known for portraying spin doctor Malcolm Tucker in the BBC comedy series "The Thick of It". Capaldi had previously appeared on the show as Caecilius in "The Fires of Pompeii". He also played John Frobisher in the "Doctor Who" spin-off "".
In October 2013, actress Neve McIntosh stated in an interview that recurring characters Madame Vastra, Jenny Flint and Strax (known to fans as "the Paternoster Gang") were due to return in the new series premiere, titled 'Deep Breath'. On 24 February 2014, it was announced that "Gavin & Stacey" actor Samuel Anderson will join the cast as the recurring character Danny Pink, a teacher and Clara's colleague at Coal Hill School.
Beyond the return of the Paternoster Gang, and the casting of Samuel Anderson, the first major guest star of the series was announced in March 2014 when it was revealed that Keeley Hawes had been cast in episode five as a character named Ms Delphox. Subsequently, Tom Riley, Ben Miller, Hermione Norris, Frank Skinner, Foxes and Christopher Fairbank were cast in guest roles.
Michelle Gomez, Ingrid Oliver, and Jemma Redgrave are due to have a role in an episode set in Cardiff, along with the return of the Cybermen.
Production.
Writing and development.
At Comic-Con 2013, Steven Moffat said that, although much of the focus at that point remained on the 50th anniversary and Christmas specials, writing for series 8 was under way:
In an interview with "Doctor Who Magazine", Moffat likened his initial plans for the Twelfth Doctor to Tom Baker's first season, with the Doctor being tricky to deal with at the beginning, but with the benefit of familiar characters to ease through the transition; Moffat also commented on the situation of Clara having to deal with the Doctor changing. Moffat has also stated that, unlike the situation with Colin Baker, reference will be made to Peter Capaldi's previous appearances in the Whoniverse:
Chris Chibnall, who has written five previous episodes of "Doctor Who", and a few for "Torchwood", indicated in April 2013 that he had been approached by Moffat to contribute to Series 8. The subsequent success of his drama series "Broadchurch", has led to Chibnall stating that, while still willing to write for "Doctor Who", his schedule may mean it not being possible for this upcoming series.
Neil Cross, who wrote two episodes in Series 7, has also stated a desire to write for Series 8. Cross confirmed that he would be writing at least one episode for Series 8 in August 2013, while Neil Gaiman, who contributed one episode to Series 6 and another episode to Series 7, and Frank Cottrell Boyce also stated that they were developing scripts. However, neither were able to confirm initially whether these would be for Series 8 or a subsequent series. On 4 July 2014, it was confirmed Boyce would also write an episode.
Gareth Roberts, who has written five previous episodes of "Doctor Who", has been confirmed to be returning for Series 8.
On 7 January 2014, it was announced that former producers Peter Bennett (producer in 2010, who has also worked on spin-off "Torchwood" and former showrunner Russell T Davies' "Wizards vs Aliens") and Nikki Wilson (script editor and producer from 2009 to 2010) would produce the series. Will Oswald is editing Episodes 1, 2, 5 and 6.
On 26 March 2014, it was announced that Mark Gatiss will write either one or two episodes for the series. In a Q&A in Brazil he said that he believes that Jane Austen should feature in an episode, just like other famous authors who have appeared on the show. (William Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, and Agatha Christie).
In April 2014, it was announced Peter Harness and Jamie Mathieson would be writing for the series.
On 6 July 2014, the scripts for the first five episodes of the series were inadvertently leaked online from BBC Worldwide's Latin America headquarters, prompting a plea from BBC Worldwide to keep the storylines of the five episodes secret.
Filming.
In September 2012, Matt Smith stated a desire to see an episode of "Doctor Who" directed by Sir Peter Jackson, the director of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. Jackson responded positively to the suggestion by saying "name the time and place". In March 2013 he maintained his desire to have an involvement in the show, stating that he would happily accept a Dalek in payment. Steven Moffat stated in August 2013 that Jackson was serious about his desire to direct "Doctor Who", and also said that, if it were to happen, there was a good likelihood of filming taking place in New Zealand.
In August 2013, actress Jenna Coleman initially announced that filming was scheduled to begin in January 2014, after the broadcast of Peter Capaldi's initial appearance in the Christmas special that would contain the Doctor's regeneration. 
In late 2013, announcements were made for various directing appointments for the new series, with a total of six episodes allocated initially; in October, the first two episodes of the series were allocated to Ben Wheatley, with production due to start in December 2013. In November and December two further episodes were each allocated to Paul Murphy and Douglas Mackinnon. The first read through took place on 17 December 2013.
Filming began on 6 January 2014 in Cardiff, with Peter Capaldi and Jenna Coleman shooting their first scenes for Series 8 on 7 January 2014. Filming is expected to last until August 2014.
On 22 February 2014 it was announced that Paul Wilmshurst would also direct an episode.
On 11 May 2014, it was announced that an episode directed by Wilmshurst and written by Harness would be filming in Lanzarote, the second time "Doctor Who" has filmed there after the 1984 serial "Planet of Fire". Filming took place in Volcán del Cuervo, also known as the Raven’s Volcano.
On 14 May 2014 it was announced that American director Rachel Talalay would be directing two episodes of the eighth series.
On 4 July 2014 it was announced that Sheree Folkson would direct an episode.
Production blocks have been arranged as follows:
Promotion.
On 23 May 2014, the first 15 second teaser trailer for the series was released online.
On 10 June 2014, the BBC announced that a "World Tour" promoting Series 8 would take place between 7–19 August 2014 and feature Peter Capaldi, Jenna Coleman and Steven Moffat. They are set to visit seven cities across five continents in these 12 days, where they will attend fan events and media interviews. The destinations include Cardiff, London, Seoul, Sydney, New York City, Mexico City and Rio de Janeiro.
On 27 June 2014 a second 15 second teaser trailer was released.
On 4 July 2014 a third teaser trailer was released featuring the Doctor in the TARDIS being electrocuted and shows his skeleton including his two hearts whilst a voice is heard saying "I see into your soul Doctor, I see beauty, divinity, hatred".
Broadcast.
Series 8 was initially slated to be broadcast starting in the late summer of 2014, with Steven Moffat acknowledging this likelihood in July 2013, prior to the announcement of Peter Capaldi's casting. In September however it was suggested that the broadcast date would likely be pushed back to the third quarter of 2014, which would tie in with the production starting in January 2014 and typically lasting up to 9 months before the transmission of the first episode. It was also suggested that the series would be a twelve rather than thirteen episode run. In an October 2013 interview, Steven Moffat said that there will be at least 13 episodes in the series. It is unknown if a Christmas special will be among them.
In February 2014, Ben Wheatley, director of the first two episodes, stated that his episodes and therefore the start of the series would air from summer 2014.
At the final 50th anniversary event at the BFI in December 2013, Steven Moffat confirmed that the series would contain 13 episodes and would be broadcast in the second half of 2014. He also stated that it would not be split into two parts, instead being transmitted continuously. Moffat also announced that this would be the standard broadcast format for future series. A teaser trailer released on 23 May 2014 revealed that the eighth series will air in August 2014. An extended teaser released on 27 June 2014 showed the airdate to be 23 August 2014.
International broadcast.
BBC America in the United States and ABC1 in Australia will also air the series from August, with the former to air from the same day as the United Kingdom. In Germany, FOX Germany will also air the series close to the United Kingdom airtimes.
DVD and Blu-ray releases.
Series 8 will see a complete series DVD and Blu-ray release. In January 2014, three weeks after filming started, Amazon UK announced that the DVD and Blu-ray releases of the complete series box set were available to pre-order. It will be released 17 November 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36707610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707610" title="Prototype (1983 film)">
Prototype (1983 film)

Prototype is a 1983 made-for-television film, starring Christopher Plummer.
Plot Summary.
Dr. Carl Forrester, a curmudgeonly but basically kindly Nobel Prize-winning scientist, who builds an equally kindly (but much handsomer) humanoid named Michael. The government-subsidized Plummer has created Michael on behalf of his sponsors, but has second thoughts when he finds out that the government plans to build an army of robot warriors, using Michael as their model. Plummer sneaks into the pentagon and "kidnaps" Michael, triggering a film-length chase.

</doc>
<doc id="36707615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707615" title="Lin Jong (footballer)">
Lin Jong (footballer)

Lin Jong (born 4 June 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2012 Rookie Draft, with pick #9. He is the first AFL footballer of East Timorese and Taiwanese descent.
Jong made his debut in Round 20, 2012, against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="36707669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707669" title="3rd Missouri, US Reserve Corps Infantry (3 months, 1861)">
3rd Missouri, US Reserve Corps Infantry (3 months, 1861)

The 3rd United States Reserve Corps (U.S.R.C.) Infantry evolved from one of several unofficial pro-Unionist militia units formed semi-secretly in St. Louis in the early months of 1861 by Congressman Francis Preston Blair, Jr. and other Unionist activists. The organization that would become the Third U.S.R.C was largely composed of ethnic Germans, who were generally opposed to slavery and strongly supportive of the Unionist cause. 20 percent of the men of the regiment were "native" U.S. citizens. Although initially without any official standing, beginning on April 22, 1861 the Unionist regiments Blair helped organize were sworn into Federal service at the St. Louis Arsenal by Captain John Schofield acting on the authority of President Lincoln.
The first four regiments were considered to be the regiments of Missouri Volunteers called for under President Lincoln's April 15, 1861 call for 75,000 volunteers. So many St. Louis Unionists mustered to volunteer, that after consultation with General-in-Chief Winfield Scott, and Secretary of War Simon Cameron, President Lincoln directed Captain Nathaniel Lyon to "enroll in the military service of the United States the loyal citizens of Saint Louis and vicinity, not exceeding with those heretofore enlisted, ten thousand in number, for the purpose of maintaining the authority of the United States; for the protection of the peaceable inhabitants of Missouri."
These additional regiments, in excess of the original Presidential call were designated "United States Reserve Corps" units, and were intended for local service.
The Third U.S.R.C. Infantry was mustered into service on May 8, 1861 under Colonel John McNeil. The new Missouri Volunteer regiments, subsequently elected (then) Captain Nathaniel Lyon as the brigadier general of the new brigade of Missouri volunteers. President Lincoln would later confirm Lyon's promotion from Captain to Brigadier general.
Military Service.
On May 10, 1861 the Third U.S.R.C under Colonel McNeil participated in the arrest of the Missouri Volunteer Militia drilling at Camp Jackson at Lindell Grove on the western border of St. Louis City. As the Missouri militiamen were being march under guard back to the arsenal near the riverfront, angry crowds confronted the Federal forces and the confused situation soon devolved into rioting and gunfire. Over 27 people were killed and the Camp Jackson Affair helped to polarize the state and send Missouri down the road to its own internal civil war.
The 3rd U.S.R.C. served as part of the St. Louis garrison until July 1, 1861 when three of its companies jointed Brigadier General Lyon's Southwest Expedition. On July 16, six additional companies marched ton Callaway County, Missouri, where after a skirmish with members of the secessionist Missouri State Guard, they occupied Fulton.
The regiment returned to St. Louis, where in September part of the unit's manpower was mustered out of service at the expiration of their enlistment. Those who chose to reenlist were reorganized as the 3rd U.S.R.C. Infantry (3 Years Service), under the command of Colonel Charles A. Fritz, who had been the regiment's original Lieutenant Colonel.
In January 1862, the 3rd U.S.R.C Infantry (Three Years Service) was consolidated with the Gasconade Battalion to form the 4th Missouri Volunteer Infantry

</doc>
<doc id="36707693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707693" title="Robert E. Longacre">
Robert E. Longacre

Robert E. Longacre (August 13, 1922–April 20, 2014) was an American linguist and missionary who worked on the Triqui language and a theory and method of discourse analysis, a text-based approach, quite different from the work of Michel Foucault. He is well known for his seminal studies of discourse structure (text linguistics), but he also made significant contributions in other linguistic areas, especially the historical linguistics of Mixtec, Trique, and other related languages. His PhD was at the University of Pennsylvania under Zellig Harris and Henry Hoenigswald. His 1955 dissertation on Proto-Mixtecan was the first extensive linguistic reconstruction in Mesoamerican languages. This was one of several SIL studies which helped to establish the Oto-Manguean language family as being comparable in time depth to Proto-Indo-European. His research on Trique was the first documented case of a language with five distinct levels of tone.
He was Professor Emeritus at the University of Texas at Arlington, where he taught Linguistics for over 20 years (1972-1993), mostly on topics related to his approach to discourse analysis. In 1994-1995, he served as President of the Linguistic Association of Canada and the United States (LACUS) and was honored by LACUS in 2007.
He was academically sharp and active till the end, working on a new book that came out just after his death:
Born in Akron, Ohio on August 13, 1922, he attended Houghton College in upper New York State where he met his wife, Gwen. After graduating in 1943 they married in 1946 and went to Mexico in 1947 where they lived with the Trique peoples in the mountains of Oaxaca State.
Education: 
Major Publications.
1952. Five phonemic pitch levels in Trique. Acta Linguistica 7 (1-2): 62-82.
1957. Proto-Mixtecan. International Journal of American Linguistics 23(4), Part 3:1-195.
1960 (with Mak, Cornelia). Proto-Mixtec phonology. International Journal of American Linguistics 26.1: 23-40.
1964. Progress in Otomanguean reconstruction. Janua Linguarum, Proceedings of the Ninth International Congress of Linguists, Horace G. Lunt (ed.), pp. 1016–1025.
1964. Grammar discovery procedures: a field manual. Janua Linguarum, series minor, Academic Training.
1965 (with Upson, B. W.). Proto-Chatino phonology. International Journal of American Linguistics 31.4: 312-22.
1968. Discourse, paragraph and sentence structure in selected Philippine languages. Dallas: SIL International.
1970. Paragraph and sentence structure in New Guinea Highlands languages. Kivung (now Language and Linguistics in Melanesia), pp. 150–163.
1975. The tone system of Proto-Mixtecan. Bibliotheca Phonetica, Studies in tone and intonation by members of the Summer Institute of Linguistics, Ruth M. Brend (ed.) pages 152-154.
1976. (with Frances M. Woods, editor), Discourse grammar: Studies in indigenous languages of Colombia, Panama, and Ecuador 1, Dallas: SIL International.
1976. 'Mystery' particles and affixes. Papers from the Twelfth Regional Meeting Chicago Linguistic Society. Salikoko S. Mufwene, Carol A. Walker and Sanford B. Steever (eds.) pages 468-77.
1976. An anatomy of speech notions. Peter de Ridder Publications in Tagmemics.
1977 (with Frances M. Woods, editor). Discourse grammar: Studies in Indigenous Languages of Colombia, Panama, and Ecuador 2. Dallas: SIL International.
1979. Why we need a vertical revolution in linguistics. The Fifth LACUS Forum 1978, Wolfgang Wölck and Paul Garvin (eds.), pp. 247–70.
1979. The discourse structure of the flood narrative. Journal of the American Academy of Religion XLVII (1), pp. 89–133.
1983. Spectrum, profile and constituency structure in text analysis. In Shiró̱ Hattori and Kazuko Inoue (eds.), Proceedings of the 13th International Congress of Linguists, Tokyo. pp. 1024–27.
1990. Storyline concerns and word order typology in East and West Africa. Studies in African Linguistics. Monograph Supplement 10, 181 pages.
1996 The Grammar of Discourse, 2nd edition, Springer.
2003. Joseph: A Story of Divine Providence: A Text Theoretical and Textlinguistic Analysis of Genesis 37 and 39-48, 2nd ed. Eisenbrauns.
2012 (with Shin Ja J. Hwang). Holistic Discourse Analysis, Second Edition, Dallas: SIL International.
2014 (to appear, with Andrew Bowling). Understanding Biblical Hebrew Verb Forms: Distribution and Function across Genres. Dallas: SIL International.

</doc>
<doc id="36707707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707707" title="Teacher look">
Teacher look

The "teacher look" is an emotionless, expressionless stare that primary school teachers are taught to direct towards misbehaving students as an alternative to yelling or threatening. The purpose of the teacher stare is to stop simple disturbances from escalating, while minimizing disruption to the rest of the class. Educators say the teacher look is most effective with young and compliant students. 
Other techniques teachers are taught to manage mild misbehaviour in the classroom include pausing for effect, thanking students who are behaving well, calling misbehaving students by name, moving physically nearer to sources of disruption, and gently reminding students what they are supposed to be doing.

</doc>
<doc id="36707711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707711" title="Cold Brook Dam">
Cold Brook Dam

Cold Brook Dam is a dam in Fall River County, South Dakota in the southwestern part of the state, south of the Black Hills.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1953 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 127 feet and a length at its crest of 925 feet. It impounds Cold Brook Creek for flood control. The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers. 
The reservoir it creates, Cold Brook Lake, has a water surface of 36 acres and has a maximum capacity of 7200 acre-feet. Recreation is year-round and includes canoeing, fishing, swimming, wildlife viewing, and camping, and in the winter ice fishing, skating, and cross-country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="36707717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707717" title="Brendan Lee">
Brendan Lee

Brendan Lee (born 9 September 1987) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club in the 2012 Rookie Draft, with pick #78. Lee made his debut in Round 20, 2012, against at Docklands Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36707720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707720" title="Tally of the Yes Men">
Tally of the Yes Men

Tally of the Yes Men is the debut album released by the indie rock band Goldspot.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ramy Antoun.

</doc>
<doc id="36707741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707741" title="Reuben Walker Carswell">
Reuben Walker Carswell

Reuben Walker Carswell (September 29, 1837 – January 11, 1889) was a lawyer, member of the Georgia State Legislature, Confederate States Army lieutenant colonel and brigadier general in the Georgia militia during the American Civil War, and, after the war, a lawyer and judge.
Early life.
Reuben W. Carswell was born at "Middle Ground" Plantation near Louisville, Georgia on September 29, 1837. His parents were Edward Rhodes Carswell, a State Reprentative in the Georgia General Assembly, and Mary Celesta (Walker) Carswell.
Carswell was educated in his home county, Jefferson County, Georgia and at Emory University from which he graduated in the class of 1856. He then studied law under future Confederate Major General (temporary) Ambrose R. Wright. After being admitted to the bar, he practiced law with his cousin, William Carswell. Reuben Carswell served as a Georgia state representative in 1858–1860.
In 1861, Carswell married a daughter of James Walker. They had four children: Edgar R., Reuben W., Margaret and Isabel.
American Civil War service.
Reuben W. Carswell started his Civil War service on June 14, 1861 as a second lieutenant in the 20th Georgia Infantry Regiment. He was appointed captain in the 48th Georgia Infantry Regiment in March 1862. On March 22, 1862, Carswell was promoted to lieutenant colonel of the 48th Georgia Infantry. The 48th Georgia Infantry Regiment was in a brigade commanded by then Brigadier General Ambrose Wright, Carswell's mentor as a lawyer. Carswell performed with distinction during the Seven Days Battles and at the Battle of Chancellorsville.
After being elected a state representative to the Georgia State Legislature in 1863, Carswell returned to Georgia to serve in that office.
As the Union Army under Major General William T. Sherman began to advance in Georgia in May 1864, Georgia Governor Joseph E. Brown appointed Carswell a brigadier general in the Georgia militia. Carswell led the 1st Brigade of the Georgia militia in opposition to the Union Army under Sherman during the Atlanta Campaign and Sherman's March to the Sea. The brigade fought at the Battle of Ruff's Station, now Smyrna, Georgia on July 4, 1864, the Battle of Atlanta on July 22, 1864 and during the subsequent siege of Atlanta until the fall of the city on September 2, 1864.
Governor Brown furloughed the militia for 30 days so the men could harvest their crops. The men returned in October and skirmished with Sherman's men along their march to Savannah, Georgia. Carswell's brigade set out early from Macon, Georgia and missed the Battle of Griswoldville in which Sherman's forces decimated the other brigades of Georgia militia that attacked a Union brigade at Griswoldville, near Macon. Carswell commanded his brigade at Savannah in December 1864 until the city fell to the Union force. As Sherman took his men to South Carolina, the Georgia militia remained in its home state. Carswell surrendered to the Union Army on May 20, 1865 at Augusta, Georgia. He was paroled as a brigadier general of Georgia militia.
Later life.
Carswell returned to his law practice after the war. He was elected judge of the Superior Courts of the Middle Circuit of Georgia in 1880. Ill health forced him to resign six years later.
Reuben Walker Carswell died at his home in Louisville, Georgia on January 11, 1889. He is buried at New Cemetery in Louisville, Georgia.
On July 13, 1933, Mrs. Belle Stokes Carswell Hudson applied for a Confederate widow's pension from the State of Florida as the widow of Reuben Walker Carswell, having married him in February 1881. The application also states that the applicant remarried in January 1889, after Carswell died, although in the same month that he died, and that she had lived in Florida since 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="36707745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707745" title="California Historical Landmarks in Orange County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Orange County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Orange County, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36707746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707746" title="Magi Sison">
Magi Sison

Magi King Sison, (born May 24, 1988) is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Barako Bull Energy in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is drafted 11th by the Shopinas.com Clickers in the 2011 PBA Draft.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of October 28, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36707757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707757" title="2012 Pure Michigan 400">
2012 Pure Michigan 400

The 2012 Pure Michigan 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on August 19, 2012 at the Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn, Michigan. Contested over 201 laps, it was the twenty-third race of the 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season. Greg Biffle of Roush Fenway Racing won the race, Brad Keselowski was second and Kasey Kahne finished third.
Report.
Background.
The track, Michigan International Speedway, is one of six superspeedways to hold NASCAR races, the others being Daytona International Speedway, Auto Club Speedway, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Pocono Raceway and Talladega Superspeedway. The standard track at Michigan International Speedway is a four-turn superspeedway that is long. The track's turns are banked at eighteen degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, is banked at twelve degrees. The back stretch, has a five degree banking. Michigan International Speedway has a seating capacity of 137,243 people.
Before the race, Jimmie Johnson led the Drivers' Championship with 777 points, and Greg Biffle stood in second with 776. Matt Kenseth was third in the Drivers' Championship with 775 points, 15 ahead of Dale Earnhardt, Jr. and 42 ahead of Brad Keselowski in fourth and fifth. Martin Truex, Jr. with 728 was eleven points ahead of Clint Bowyer, as Tony Stewart with 716 points, was six ahead of Kevin Harvick, and 23 in front of Denny Hamlin. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Chevrolet was leading with 157 points, 32 ahead of Toyota. Ford, with 109 points, was 16 points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third.
Practice and qualifying.
Three practice sessions will be held before the Sunday race—one on Friday, August 17, and two on Saturday, August 18. The first session lasted 90 minutes, while the second and third are scheduled for 55 minutes. Johnson was quickest with a time of 36.465 seconds in the first session, less than two-tenths of a second faster than Kasey Kahne. Mark Martin was just off Kahne's pace, followed by Harvick, Truex, Jr., and Carl Edwards. Ryan Newman (who was battling the flu and wasn't sure he would be able to race; Stewart-Haas had David Reutimann on standby) was seventh, still within four-tenths of a second of Johnson's time. 
Forty-five cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty-three could qualify for the race because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Martin clinched the 55th pole position of his career, with a time of 36.053 seconds. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Edwards. Johnson qualified third, Kenseth took fourth, and Kahne started fifth. Trevor Bayne, Truex, Jr., Marcos Ambrose, Landon Cassill and Paul Menard rounded out the top ten. The two drivers that failed to qualify for the race were Stephen Leicht and J.J. Yeley. Once the qualifying session concluded, Martin said, "I've had a few years of practice. I don't need a whole bunch of practice. I need fast race cars. That's what Rodney Childers is giving me. All it is is driving the car. I've been doing that since I was 15."

</doc>
<doc id="36707822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707822" title="Cottonwood Springs Dam">
Cottonwood Springs Dam

Cottonwood Springs Dam is a dam in Fall River County, South Dakota in the southwestern part of the state, south of the Black Hills.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1969 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 123 feet and a length at its crest of 1190 feet. It impounds Cottonwood Springs Creek for flood control. The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers. 
The reservoir it creates, Cottonwood Springs Lake, has a water surface of 36 acres and has a maximum capacity of 11,635 acre-feet. Recreation is year-round and includes camping, hiking, and fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="36707828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707828" title="List of museums in Japan">
List of museums in Japan

This is a list of museums in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="36707836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707836" title="Eagle Pass Port of Entry">
Eagle Pass Port of Entry

The Eagle Pass Port of Entry was established around 1896. The first carriage bridge connecting Eagle Pass, Texas with Piedras Negras, Mexico (then known as Porfirio Díaz) was built in April 1890, but was destroyed in a flood in September 1890. The bridge was soon replaced, and was again rebuilt in 1927 and 1954.
The original port facility was rebuilt in 1927 and was replaced by the current facility in 1960. Since the construction of the Eagle Pass Camino Real Port of Entry in 1999, all commercial vehicles are inspected there.

</doc>
<doc id="36707842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707842" title="Jennie Simpson (bowls)">
Jennie Simpson (bowls)

Jennie Simpson is a lawn bowls player from New Zealand, who represented New Zealand at two Commonwealth Games. 
At the 1982 Commonwealth Games at Brisbane she came third in the women's Triples, for a silver medal.
At the 1986 Commonwealth Games at Edinburgh she came fifth in the women's Fours.

</doc>
<doc id="36707843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707843" title="Trude Sojka">
Trude Sojka

Gertrud Sojka, better known as Trude Sojka (9 December 1909 – 18 March 2007), was a Czech - Ecuadorian painter and sculptor, creator of an original technique using Recycledmaterials and concrete. She was born in Berlin, Germany and died in Quito, Ecuador.
Biography.
Youth.
Childhood.
Gertrud Herta Sojka was born in December 9, 1909 in Berlin, German Empire of Czech parents, in the bosom of a wealthy Jewish family. Files from his father, Rudolf Sojka, an engineer, have been found, showing that he had done business with the Ecuadorian president Eloy Alfaro pertaining to the Ecuadorian Railwaytransport system . With his wife, Hedwig Baum, Rudolf Sojka had three children: Waltre, (born in 1907), Gertrud and Edith (the youngest one). Soon, the family moved to Prague, Czechoslovakia, near the train station, to Na Poříčí street.
Swimming lessons in the Vltava or Moldau, ski, long walks through the streets of the historical and beautiful Prague, endearing dreams, as well as the braids that her mother used to make with her "golden locks", as her father described her long blonde hair... mark Trude's sweet childhood..
Studies.
Since childhood, Trude was interested in art. At her high school or gymnázium, as it is called in the Czech language, she learned German, Czech, Greek, Latin and English., She also attended a boarding summer school in Lausanne, Switzerland, where she learned French, and exchanged drawings with her girl friends.
Upon graduation from high school, her father enrolled her, against her wishes, at the Faculty of Economics, a "serious" career, different from art. Trude was so bored, she used to tell, that she spent her time drawing caricatures of her teacher. Thus, the premature artist, hiding from her father, entered the Academy of Fine Arts in Berlin. Her talent as a painter lead her to exhibit her early works at the Märkisches Museum in Berlin. At age 27, in 1936, she graduated as top student. Her father died a couple of years later of a heart attack.
Marriage.
Some years later, in 1938, Trude married Dezider Schwartz, a civil servant. Trude became pregnant just before she was caught by the Nazis. She gave birth to her daughter, Gabriela, at Auschwitz concentration camp in German-occupied Poland. Given the dire circumstances of hunger and disease, Gabriela died shortly after birth.
Jewish Holocaust Survival.
Ever since Hitler's rise to power and the taking of Czechoslovakia by the Third Reich, Sojka's non-practicing Jewish family sees itself threatened.
By that time, Trude's older brother Waltre is invited to Ecuador to give chemistry lectures in the Central University of Ecuador. He goes along with her wife Lidy Hutzler and decide it is safer to stay in that country for the moment, at least until the war finishes. But Trude, Edith, their husbands, Edith's child Karl and the mother Hedwig end up being transferred by the Nazis into Theresienstadt concentration camp in 1944. Later on, they are deported Auschwitz concentration camp. Never more does Trude hear about the rest of the family, that is dead without doubt.
Her experience in Auschwitz leaves her traumatized: she is forced to witness people die in front of her every day (including her daughter mentioned before), walk barefoot in the snow, and even dig her own grave. The only food she gets to eat is a "soup" (with unknown things floating in it), very little hard stale bread, potato and other fruits and vegetable peels... What saves her survive for nearly a year in the Concentration campis mainly her ability to massage.
In 1945, the URSS army finally frees her along with the other prisoners, and she immediately thinks about forgetting that terrifying episode she had to pass through. 
Now, a new life is about to come...
The start of a new life.
After her release from Auschwitz concentration camp, Trude goes back to her home in Prague, where she finds all of her belongings have been taken by occupants. She can only recover a couple of pictures and other objects without any material value.
She spends a whole year in Europe: in Nitra, Slovakia, where his husband came from, Prague and Berlin, working in different small jobs, as a translator, secretary, masseuse, ceramist, etc.
One day, she finds by chance in the Red Cross a message from her brother Waltre looking for her (and the rest of the family too). She learns that he still is in Ecuador and holds a big Ecuadorian handicrafts shop that's becoming famous. She cannot lose the opportunity of being reunited with her only family again. So, Sojka works harder than ever to earn enough money, and undertakes the crossing of the Atlantic in a ship.
Arrival to Ecuador.
"When I arrived to the port of Guayaquil, my brother was waiting for me with his arms wide open. Only that when I got out from the ship, I went running straight to hug a bunch of bananas", Sojka used to joke. In fact, arriving to Ecuador she is delighted by the number of exotic fruits and things one could find nowhere in Europe at that time or that where extremely expensive, as bananas, that Sojka loved so much, were. Sojka is fascinated by the culture, the indigenous people and the landscapes, as her brother leads her to the capital of the country: Quito. Little by little she learns the foreign language (Spanish) pronounced with curious accents. Also, she finds some resemblances between Quichua language and Czech.
Another great thing she discovers is the autochthonous and aboriginal art, that she starts studying as soon as possible: a source of inspiration to her own works.
Fortunately, she gets to work making handycrafts for her brother's handycraft shop called AKIOS (Sojka or "Soika", as pronounced in Czech, written upside down), in the Historic Center of Quito, in a neighborhood called Loma Grande.
That's how Trude Sojka regains the love for life. But another love is about to rise...
Second Marriage.
When Sojka arrives to Guayaquil, there's someone else besides her brother: a good friend of his, Holocaust survivor too, a lawyer who managed to run away from Buchenwald concentration camp with the excuse he had been hired in a cotton company in Ecuador. He was helped out by President of Ecuador Manuel Muñoz Borrero, recognized as Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem for opening the door of the country to so many other Jews.
That friend, Hans Steinitz, and Sojka fall in love.
In 1948 they get marreid. Their first child, Eva Graciela Hedwika Steinitz borns in 1949. They have two other girls: Ruth Miriam Edith and Anita Steinitz (now Director of the Trude Sojka Cultural House in Quito, Ecuador).
Life in Ecuador.
The artist then dedicates almost completely to her art. She also likes to cook Czech, German and Jewish cuisine, that she sells in occasions.
By these times, she gets to meet great Ecuadorian artists, such as Gilberto Almeida, Víctor Mideros, Manuel Rendón o, during the 90's, or Pilar Bustos. She even gets to teach sculpture to Oswaldo Guayasamín.
Therefore, Trude Sojka lives calmly with her husband Hans Steinitz, seeing her girls grow up. She has two granddaughters: Geetha Kannan (born in 1985), a Hindu girl adopted by Miriam Steinitz, and Gabriela F. Steinitz (born in 1995 from Anita Steinitz). 
Hans Steinitz dies on the 23rd of May, 1996, from an Oesophageal cancer.
Last years.
On Sojka's 90th birthday, the Casa de la Cultura Ecuatoriana "Benjamín Carrión" (Ecuadorian House of Culture) pays her hommage, naming her "Emeritus artist" during a big reception, in which a retrospective exhibition of her artworks takes place. In that same event, the book "The two lives of Trude Sojka", written by Rodrigo Villacís Molina is launched
This is just one of the many tributes that are made for the artist in Ecuador, United States and France. Among the most important ones, is worth to emphasize the exhibitions in which took place in the Guaranda and Riobamba.
On 2001, Sojka suffers a brain stroke. She manages to overtake it with a minimum of sequels: only a little memory loss, that aggravates with time, though. The artist continues to make heavy paintings and sculptures with cement and recycled materials up to ninety-five years old approximately. When her hands get too fragile, strong enough to continue with her artworks, she leaves cement. However, she never stops painting and drawing until her very end.
At the beginnings of the year 2007, Sojka is starting to suffer from a Respiratory failure. On February 18 of the same year, exactly a year after the death of her daughter "Chela" (Eva Steinitz), which was never told to her not to cause her pain, Sojka enter the Voz Andes, in which she stays a couple of days. She suffers there form a second brain stroke. Her daughters then take the decision to bring Sojka back home and let her die in peace. Finally, the brilliant artist, almost unconscious, dies on March 18, from a respiratory failure, surrounded by her two daughters, Anita and Miriam, her granddaughter Gabriela and a nurse. Her remains rest in the Jewish cemetery in the city of Quito, along with those of her husband.
Work.
Trude Sojka's work evolves according to the various experiences in her life.
Early influences in Europe.
Trude Sojka studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Berlin (Akademie der Künste), where she became familiar with German (such as Die Brücke) and Jewish Expressionism. She became familiar with the works of Marc Chagall, Chaim Soutine and Georges Rouault. She deeply admired the sculptures of Ernst Barlach and is likely to have personally known the work of the expressionist-realist Käthe Kollwitz.
Moreover, in Europe, Trude Sojka became interested in the primitive art of Africa, Oceania and America (which can also be considered somehow expressionist). This she had surely learned visiting ethnographic museums. Thus, when after the war, in 1946, she came to Ecuador, she was amazed to discover so closely the Pre-Columbian Andean symbolism.
Holocaust.
Her first paintings in Ecuador, created during the years 1950, depict her experiences in the concentration camp: the anguish and loneliness, the barbed wires, the sad procession of women walking perhaps to the gas chambers, but also her prayers that helped her survive the horror, as well as the hope of freedom and a new life.

</doc>
<doc id="36707848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707848" title="The Heist (1989 film)">
The Heist (1989 film)

The Heist is a 1989 HBO made-for-TV movie, starring Pierce Brosnan.

</doc>
<doc id="36707873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707873" title="Neena Cheema">
Neena Cheema

Neena Cheema is an Indian TV and film actress.
Career.
After a long career of acting in stage plays and television in Punjab, she shifted to Mumbai in 1998. She has acted in a number of TV serials and Hindi and Punjabi films.

</doc>
<doc id="36707878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707878" title="Beth McRae">
Beth McRae

Beth McRae is a public relations agent and community leader, based in Phoenix, Arizona.
McRae chaired the 50th Anniversary of the American Heart Association's Phoenix Heart Ball in 2009, followed two years later by the 50th Anniversary Gala for the American Cancer Society in Phoenix.
In 1993, she founded an annual awards program to recognize excellence in the field of public relations for the Public Relations Society of America, San Diego Chapter, called the Edward L. Bernays Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36707884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707884" title="Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation Limited">
Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation Limited

Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation Limited (TANSI) () is a state-government undertaking of Government of Tamil Nadu located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
TANSI Group Products.
TANSI:
TAPAP:
TANSI Operation.
Functioning Units of TANSI are:
TAPAP Operation.
Tamil Nadu Paints & Allied Products Ltd is a subsidiary company of Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation Limited (TANSI). Tamil Nadu Paints & Allied Products Ltd is manufacturer of "ARASU" Brand Paint and Allied Products 

</doc>
<doc id="36707928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707928" title="Face control">
Face control

Face control refers to the policy of upscale nightclubs, casinos, restaurants and similar establishments to strictly restrict entry based on a bouncer's snap judgment of the suitability of a person's looks, money, style or attitude, especially in Russia and other former Soviet countries such as Ukraine.
Although a similar "velvet rope" policy exists in other countries, aiming to admit the right mix of "beautiful people" and keep out boring or aesthetically challenged would-be patrons, the Russian version is considered particularly harsh and unforgiving by Western standards.
The rare occasional use of this term in English can be considered a linguistic reborrowing via the Russian pseudo-anglicism фейсконтроль ("feiskontrol").

</doc>
<doc id="36707948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707948" title="Sawran">
Sawran

Sawran (also spelled Suran, Soran or Sawwaran) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located 22 kilometers north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include A'zaz to the west, al-Harjalah to the north, Mare' to the south and Tell Rifaat to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Sawran had a population of 6,988 in the 2004 census.
History.
Sawran's history dates back to the Iron Age when it was an Aramaean settlement in the Kingdom of Bit Adini known as "Surunu." In a military campaign against Bit Adini's king Ahuni, the Neo-Assyrian king Shalmaneser III raided and captured Surunu. It later came under the rule of Assyrian king Tiglath Pileser III.
During the Byzantine era in Syria, Sawran was inhabited by the Arab tribe of Tanukh. Before the Muslim conquest it served an Arab Christian center and contained a fortified monastery. During early Islamic rule, Sawran was part of Jund Qinnasrin ("Military District of Chalcis"), part of the larger Bilad al-Sham province.

</doc>
<doc id="36707958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707958" title="Matthias Werrecore">
Matthias Werrecore

Hermann Matthias Werrecore (village of Warcoing, Pecq, ca. 1500after 1574) was a Flemish composer in Italy. He was "maestro di cappella" of Milan Cathedral from 1522 to 1550 where he was in charge of eleven adult singers and seven choirboys.
Works.
His best known work is "La Bataglia Taliana" for four voices, originally published with the German title "Die Schlacht vor Pavia" (1544), reissued as "La Bataglia Taliana con alcune villotte piacevole" (Venezia, Gardane, 1549). A battaglia in memory of the Battle of Pavia 1525. The villotte include "Andand' a spasso".
His surviving sacred compositions consist of his "Cantuum quinque vocum (quos motetta vocant) Hermanni Matthiae Werrecorensis musici excelentissimi, liber primus" (1559) dedicated to Antonius Marinus Pansanus, as well as a few other works found in collections and manuscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="36707959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707959" title="Forced adoption in Australia">
Forced adoption in Australia

Forced adoption was the practice of taking the babies of unmarried mothers against their will and putting them up for adoption. Former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard offered a national apology to those affected by forced adoptions in 2013. The Senate Inquiry Report into forced adoption practices found that babies were taken illegally by doctors, nurses, social workers and religious figures, sometimes with the assistance of adoption agencies or other authorities, and adopted out to married couples. Mothers were coerced, drugged and illegally had their consent taken. Many of these adoptions occurred after the mothers were sent away by their families "due to the stigma associated with being pregnant and unmarried". The removals occurred predominately in the second half of the twentieth century as some young mothers who were seen as unfit for motherhood had their children adopted out against their will. It was a practice which has been described as 'institutionalised baby farming'.
Adoption practices in twentieth century Australia.
Modern adoption is a peculiarly twentieth century phenomenon, with most adoptions taking place between the 1950s and the 1970s. For much of this period, adoption had two key features: the application of "clean break theory", and the framework of "closed adoption". Clean break theory involved the removal of a baby from the mother immediately after birth, often with no contact taking place between parent and child, followed by permanent placement of the baby with an adopting family within a period of several weeks. Closed adoption involved the sealing of the record of adoption. Records were thus closed, so that the parties to the adoption remained permanently unaware of the identity of the others.
There are no precise estimates of the number of adoptions that took place in Australia, with estimates of around 250,000 being feasible. An unknown proportion of these adoptions involved the placement of the babies of single mothers.
Because of the stigma attached to being born out of wedlock, and the absence of any financial support for single mothers, there was a widespread view at the time that adopting out the babies of unmarried mothers was in the 'best interests of the child'.
Apologies.
On 19 October 2010, Western Australia became the first state in Australia to apologise for forced adoption policies of babies born to unwed mothers. "I now apologise to the mothers, their children and families who were adversely affected by these adoption practices," Colin Barnett said.
On 18 July 2012, South Australia became the second state to formally apologise for forced adoption. "Our apology will recognise that those practices directly affected many of those parents whose children were adopted by force and many of those people who were separated from their parents as children," said Premier Jay Weatherill. "This apology is long overdue but we hope it will be a significant moment for those affected."
It is estimated more than 17,000 children were adopted out before 1980 and some of these involved forced adoption practices.
The Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly endorsed a formal apology, delivered by Chief Minister Katy Gallagher, on 14 August 2012.
On 20 September 2012, NSW Premier Barry O'Farrell delivered an apology to the parents and children who were affected by past forced adoption policies. This apology was passed as a resolution of both chambers of the Parliament of New South Wales.
On 25 October 2012, the Victorian parliament apologised for forced adoption practices. The apologies were delivered by Victorian Premier Ted Baillieu and opposition leader Daniel Andrews. "We express our sincere sorrow," the Premier told parliament. "These were misguided, unwarranted and they caused immeasurable pain. Today Victoria parliament is standing up and saying sorry."
Other governments have announced their intentions to deliver apologies. The Commonwealth government was the first to do so, on 23 June 2012, though no date was set for the event. On 6 August 2012, Tasmania announced that it would present a formal apology over forced adoption policies. and on 23 August 2012, the Queensland government announced that it would also deliver an apology through the Parliament of Queensland, this leaving the Northern Territory as the only jurisdiction not to apologise, or announce a forthcoming apology on the matter.
On 21 March 2013, Julia Gillard apologised on behalf of the Australian Federal Parliament. The National Archives of Australia has been commissioned to develop a website and exhibition to increase understanding of forced adoption practices in Australia, as recommended in the Senate report.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36707979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707979" title="Derek Brewer (cricketer)">
Derek Brewer (cricketer)

Derek Michael Brewer (born 1958) is the Secretary and Chief Executive of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Following Keith Bradshaw's unexpected resignation, he was appointed as his successor at the end of 2011.
Brewer attended Leighton Park School before going up to Aston University, graduating with a BSc degree in Business Administration; he also played cricket for Warwickshire 2nd XI as a bowler. He then forged a career in banking and finance, before making his name as Chief Executive of Nottinghamshire CCC from 2005 until 2012.
As MCC's Secretary and Chief Executive since May 2012, Brewer's first task was high-profile in overseeing Lord's Cricket Ground's hosting archery competitions for London2012, and then, within just two weeks, returning Lord's as a world-class cricket venue in readiness for 2012's last Test match of the season between the then top two world cricketing nations: England and South Africa. 
Annually Lord's hosts the British One Day Cricket Final as well as prestigious international matches. In addition, Brewer has dealt with ongoing controversy and internal club disputes (including Sir John Major's public committee resignation) over a redevelopment plan that included construction of residential flats on some of the MCC site.
Brewer is also responsible for MCC's monitoring of the "Spirit of Cricket" and guardianship of the Laws of Cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="36707985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707985" title="Susan Bradley (disambiguation)">
Susan Bradley (disambiguation)

Susan Bradley (born 1940) is a Canadian psychiatrist. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36707991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707991" title="Acromantini">
Acromantini

Acromantini is a tribe of mantis of the subfamily Acromantinae of the family Hymenopodidae, which contains 18 genera and 121 species.

</doc>
<doc id="36707999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36707999" title="Print capitalism">
Print capitalism

Print capitalism is a theory underlying the concept of a nation, as a group that forms an imagined community, that emerges with a common language and discourse that is generated from the use of the printing press, proliferated by a capitalist marketplace. Capitalist entrepreneurs printed their books and media in the vernacular (instead of exclusive script languages, such as Latin) in order to maximize circulation. As a result, readers speaking various local dialects became able to understand each other, and a common discourse emerged. Anderson argued that the first European nation-states were thus formed around their "national print-languages."
Terminology.
The term was coined by Benedict Anderson, and explained in depth in his book "Imagined Communities" in 1983.
Development of the Modern Nation-State.
The printing press is widely credited for modern nationalism and the birth of the nation-state as the primary actors in political legitimacy. Soon after the invention of the Gutenberg-style printing press in 1454, literature such as the Bible was printed in vernaculars. The publication of the 95 Theses in 1517 sparked the reformation, under which Europe went through 200 years of warfare that led to the gradual establishment of the nation-state as the powers that were dominant, over the previous dominance of the Roman Catholic Church. Print-Capitalism continues to influence the development of nationalism through the spread of the printing press.

</doc>
<doc id="36708043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708043" title="Sarraceniaceae of South America">
Sarraceniaceae of South America

Sarraceniaceae of South America is a monograph on the pitcher plants of the genus "Heliamphora" by Stewart McPherson, Andreas Wistuba, Andreas Fleischmann, and Joachim Nerz. It was published in September 2011 by Redfern Natural History Productions and covered all species known at the time.
The book is part of a comprehensive two-volume work on the Sarraceniaceae. The other tome, "Sarraceniaceae of North America", deals with the genera "Darlingtonia" and "Sarracenia". Intended as the first volume, "Sarraceniaceae of South America" includes an introduction to the family Sarraceniaceae as a whole. Both volumes were nominees for the 2012 CBHL Annual Literature Award, in the Technical Interest category.
In addition to the credited authors, others who worked on the book include Andy Smith and Wayne Jenski, who produced a number of anatomical illustrations, and taxonomist Jan Schlauer, who contributed to the formal species descriptions.
Content.
The book gives a detailed account of all 23 species of "Heliamphora" recognised at the time of its publication. This number includes four species described for the first time (, , , and ) and one raised to a species from infraspecific level (). A further two "incompletely diagnosed taxa" are also included. The authors recognise the following taxa:
Additionally, an undescribed variant of "H. pulchella" from Amurí Tepui that lacks long retentive hairs is listed as "H. pulchella" 'Incompletely diagnosed taxon from Amurí Tepui'. All known natural hybrids are also covered.
The book includes a colour foldout map and 488 numbered figures.
Reviews.
"Sarraceniaceae of South America" received generally favourable reviews. Writing in the June 2012 issue of the "Carnivorous Plant Newsletter", Barry Rice praised the book's detailed coverage, photography, and build quality, as well as the inclusion of "very useful" distribution maps for each species. However, he pointed out the lack of a botanical key as a significant omission. He suggested that the book's shortcomings are likely "due to an overly-speedy publication schedule at Redfern Natural History Productions". Summarising, Rice wrote that both "Sarraceniaceae of South America" and its sister volume "are beautiful books with wonderful images and lots of fascinating details".
A review published in the June 2012 issue of "Willdenowia" was also positive, describing the two monographs as "the ideal companions for everybody interested in New World pitcher
plants". However, the author found the book's treatment of synonyms "a little disappointing"—although present, they are "rather hidden within the text" and mostly absent from the index. The reviewer also noted the lack of an identification key, writing: "ultimately, a taxonomic concept which cannot be implemented in an identification key always leaves some room for doubt about its viability".
In his review for the September 2012 issue of the "Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society", Michael F. Fay described the two tomes as "beautifully illustrated", adding: "these authoritative volumes will be important books for all who wish to study New World pitcher plants [...] No library of books on carnivorous plants will be complete without ".

</doc>
<doc id="36708054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708054" title="1st Missouri, US Reserve Corps Infantry (3 months, 1861)">
1st Missouri, US Reserve Corps Infantry (3 months, 1861)

The 1st United States Reserve Corps (U.S.R.C.) Infantry evolved from one of several unofficial pro-Unionist militia units formed semi-secretly in St. Louis in the early months of 1861 by Congressman Francis Preston Blair, Jr. and other Unionist activists. The organization that would become the First U.S.R.C was largely composed of ethnic Germans, who were generally opposed to slavery and strongly supportive of the Unionist cause. Although initially without any official standing, beginning on April 22, 1861 the Unionist regiments Blair helped organize were sworn into Federal service at the St. Louis Arsenal by Captain John Schofield acting on the authority of President Lincoln.
The first four regiments were considered to be the regiments of Missouri Volunteers called for under President Lincoln's April 15, 1861 call for 75,000 volunteers. So many St. Louis Unionists mustered to volunteer, that after consultation with General-in-Chief Winfield Scott, and Secretary of War Simon Cameron, President Lincoln directed Captain Nathaniel Lyon to "enroll in the military service of the United States the loyal citizens of Saint Louis and vicinity, not exceeding with those heretofore enlisted, ten thousand in number, for the purpose of maintaining the authority of the United States; for the protection of the peaceable inhabitants of Missouri."
These additional regiments, in excess of the original Presidential call were designated "United States Reserve Corps" units, and were intended for local service.
The First U.S.R.C. Infantry was mustered into service on May 7, 1861 under Colonel Henry Almstead. Composed of men from St. Louis' First Ward, the regiment was unusually large, with 1,200 men in 12 companies. The new Missouri Volunteer regiments, subsequently elected (then) Captain Nathaniel Lyon as the brigadier general of the new brigade of Missouri volunteers. President Lincoln would later confirm Lyon's promotion from Captain to Brigadier general.
Military Service.
On May 10, 1861 the First U.S.R.C under Colonel Almstead participated in the arrest of the Missouri Volunteer Militia drilling at Camp Jackson at Lindell Grove on the western border of St. Louis City. As the Missouri militiamen were being march under guard back to the Arsenal near the riverfront, angry crowds confronted the Federal forces and the confused situation soon devolved into rioting and gunfire. Over 27 people were killed and the Camp Jackson Affair helped to polarize the state and send Missouri down the road to its own internal civil war.
On May 18, the regiment received an organic cavalry company, also raised from the First Ward "which did valuable scouting service".
The 1st U.S.R.C. carried out Provost duties in St. Louis, until June 20, when the regiment conducted an expedition to Jefferson City (June 20–24).
On duty in St. Louis from June 25-July 29.
On July 29–30, Cos "B", "C", "D", "E", "G", "H", "K", "M" and Cavalry Co "A" marched to reinforce the strategic outpost at Bird's Point, Missouri, directly across from the Federal stronghold at Cairo, Illinois. This detachment remained on duty there until August 13, when it returned to St. Louis.
Meanwhile, a separate detachment composed of Cos "A", "F", and "L" had departed St. Louis, marching to Rolla, Missouri, and then to Cuba, Missouri, arriving there on August 10. The three company detachment remained there until August 13.
The regiment's term of service expired on August 20 and the men were mustered out. Members of the regiment who wished to continue serving were reorganized as the 1st United States Reserve Corps Infantry (Three Years Service), under Colonel Robert J. Rombaur, who had been the regiment's original Lieutenant Colonel.
Casualties.
Regiment lost during service 1 Officer and 3 Enlisted men killed and mortally wounded and 4 Officers and 25 Enlisted men by disease. Total 33.

</doc>
<doc id="36708059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708059" title="Say My Name (Breaking Bad)">
Say My Name (Breaking Bad)

"Say My Name" (originally titled "Everybody Wins") is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad", and the 53rd overall episode of the series. Written and directed by Thomas Schnauz, it aired on AMC on August 26, 2012.
The title of the episode is a phrase repeatedly spoken by Walt (Bryan Cranston) during his encounter with Declan (Louis Ferreira).
Plot.
Walt, Mike (Jonathan Banks), and Jesse (Aaron Paul) meet with Declan, their Phoenix-based competitor. Instead of agreeing to Declan's offer to purchase the heisted methylamine for $15 million in exchange for removing the "blue sky" from the drug market, Walt offers a counterproposal: to sell his superior product through Declan's southwest distribution network in exchange for a substantial share of the business and a one-time, $5 million payment to Mike for his share. Frustrated with having to negotiate with Walt, Declan demands to know who he is. Refusing to back down, Walt insists that Declan already knows his name and demands that Declan say it. When Walt informs him that it was he who killed Gus Fring, Declan resignedly realizes and acknowledges Walt as Heisenberg.
As Mike leaves with his $5 million, he informs Walt that he will continue to pay the legacy costs of hazard payments to Fring's men out of his own money, but that Walt must remove the eavesdropping bugs planted earlier in Hank's (Dean Norris) office before a sweep is performed by the DEA. Walt avoids Jesse's attempts to get his share of the money and leave the business. Meanwhile, Mike learns through the bugs that the DEA has a search warrant for his house. He gets rid of his weapons and stashes a go bag with cash, a passport, and a gun in an airport parking lot. When Hank and Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada) search his house, they find nothing. Later, Hank is instructed by his superior that he must end his surveillance of Mike and proceed with other cases due to budgetary considerations. Not being instructed otherwise, Hank decides to have Gomez follow Mike's attorney, Dan (Chris Freihofer), who has been placing cash in various safe deposit boxes to facilitate the transfer of the hazard payments and to set aside money for Mike's granddaughter Kaylee (Kaija Roze Bales). Gomez successfully catches the lawyer in the act and apprehends him.
Jesse confronts Walt and demands his share of the money. Walt becomes hostile and accuses Jesse of having nothing in his life, but his attempts to manipulate Jesse fail and Jesse ultimately leaves without his money, angering Walt further. Walt is forced to cook his next batch of meth with Todd (Jesse Plemons), who proves to be much more subordinate and better at following orders than Jesse. Pretending to be distraught over Skyler (Anna Gunn), Walt visits Hank at his office and manages to remove the bugs, but overhears Gomez telling Hank that they have arrested the lawyer and that he plans on telling everything he knows about Mike. Walt frantically calls Mike, who is at a park with his granddaughter, and tells him the DEA is coming for him. Upon the arrival of the local police, Mike is forced to flee the park without saying goodbye to his granddaughter.
Mike calls Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) and asks him to retrieve the go bag for his getaway, but Saul fears the DEA will follow him. When Jesse volunteers to help, Mike refuses his assistance, leaving Walt to retrieve the bag. When Walt meets with Mike, he refuses to hand over the bag unless Mike tells him the names of the nine men he is paying off. Mike refuses and, angered by Walt's insistence that Mike owes him gratitude, proceeds to insult Walt's pride, insisting the entire situation could have been avoided if Walt had continued to work for Gus and hadn't killed him, and that all that is happening to them is because of his ego. He walks back to his car, and Walt storms off momentarily, but then walks over to Mike's car. Once in his car, Mike realizes his gun is missing from the getaway bag, just as Walt uses it to shoot him through the car window. Mike tries to run away, but - mortally wounded - ultimately resigns himself to sitting on a log by the river. After Walt catches up to him, Walt realizes he could have just asked Madrigal Electromotive executive Lydia (Laura Fraser) for the names of the employees and that shooting Mike was unnecessary. As Walt stammers an apology, Mike tells him to shut up and let him die in peace; after a moment of silence, he falls off the log, dead.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Say My Name" was watched by 2.98 million viewers and received a 9.4 rating among viewers aged 18-49, the series' highest ratings at the time.
Critical reception.
The episode received highly positive reviews from critics with many critics singling out Jonathan Banks and Bryan Cranston for particular praise. The episode is recognized by many critics as one of the best in the series. TV Fanatic's Matt Richenthal gave "Say My Name" a five-star rating, calling it "one of the best in series history." Seth Amitin of IGN gave the episode a 9 out of 10 rating, calling it "mind-blowing", but stating that "I hate to see Mike go out like that. He deserved more. I literally can't give this higher than a 9.0, it was just too sad of an ending." Alan Sepinwall of HitFix thought the episode was "a mostly tremendous episode of a drama", adding the death of Mike "is just a gorgeous, devastating scene."
Thomas Schnauz was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for writing this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="36708067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708067" title="Nermin Haskić">
Nermin Haskić

Nermin Haskić (born 27 June 1989) is a Bosnian football forward playing for MFK Košice in the Slovak Corgoň Liga.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Banovići, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia, he played with local FK Budućnost Banovići as a senior since 2008. He was part of the Budućnost team that has won the First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the season 2009–10, thus achieving their promotion to the Bosnian Premier League. During the 2010–11 Premier League season, he has scored 9 goals in 28 league appearances.
FK Sarajevo.
In summer 2011 he moved to Premier League second placed side, FK Sarajevo. Soon after arriving he played with Sarajevo in their 2011–12 UEFA Europa League campaign. He scored the two goals that were decisive in the aggregate 2:0 victory over Swedish side Örebro SK, however FK Sarajevo lost in their next round games against Sparta Prague. In the 2011–12 Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina Nermin Haskić made 8 goals in 30 appearances contributing for FK Sarajevo´s top scorer in that season. Their final fourth place in the league meant the qualification for the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League first qualifying round. The season 2012–13 started with the European matches where FK Sarajevo, after beating Maltese Hibernians in the first qualifying round, and Bulgarian side Levski Sofia in second, met FK Zeta from the neighbouring Montenegro. Haskić played all the matches against Hibernians and Levski, and after playing the first match against Zeta, a 2:1 win at home, he left FK Sarajevo and moved abroad to Serbia by joining FK Voždovac. Eventually, Sarajevo lost in their first match without Haskić in the second-hand match against Zeta by 0:1 thus being eliminated.
FK Voždovac.
By early August 2012, Nermin Haskić transferred to FK Voždovac. He has made 27 appearances and scored 7 goals in the 2012–13 Serbian First League. He was the best foreign top scorer in that season in the Serbian second tier.
National team.
Nermin Haskić made his debut for the Bosnian national team on 16 December 2011, in a friendly match against Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="36708079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708079" title="Battaglia (music)">
Battaglia (music)

A battaglia is a form of renaissance and baroque programme music imitating a battle. The renaissance form is typically in the form of a madrigal for four or more voices where cannons, fanfares, cries, drum rolls, and other noises of a battle are imitated by voices. The baroque form is more often an instrumental depiction of a battle.

</doc>
<doc id="36708082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708082" title="Marnie McPhail">
Marnie McPhail

Marnie McPhail (born July 4, 1966) is an American actress and voice artist who is known for playing Maria Wong in "Braceface", Annie Edison in "The Edison Twins", and Peaches in "JoJo's Circus".
Personal life.
McPhail was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio, United States. Later, she moved to Toronto, Canada where she attended the Etobicoke School of the Arts. At age 16, she was cast in her first major role as Annie Edison in the children's television series, The Edison Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="36708091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708091" title="Bids for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics">
Bids for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics

The bidding for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics Games began in 2 February 2009, with cities presented their candidature files. In the competition to host the inaugural Youth Olympic Games in 2014, the IOC list three cities in December 2009 (Nanjing, Poznań, and Guadalajara). Guadalajara officially withdrew the bid on 22 January 2010, two weeks after the release of the IOC evaluation commission's report and less than three weeks before the final vote in Vancouver.
On January 2010 in Lausanne, Switzerland the IOC reported that Nanjing was the highest rated city in the evaluation report, follow by Poznań and lastly Guadalajara. Nanjing was announced as the host city on 10 February 2010 after a tally of the voters in the IOC Session.
Process.
Cities interested in hosting the games had to have their applications confirmed by their respective National Olympic Committees and submitted to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) by September 2009. On October, three cities were confirmed as official candidates by the Committee. The evaluation committee began the evaluation in November. On January 8, 2010, the International Olympic Committee released their report on the Evaluation Commission for the Second Youth Olympic Games. The 2014 host city was elected during the 2010 IOC session in Vancouver, prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics. This was the first election of a Youth Olympic Games host city held in an IOC Session. The elections for the host cities of the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics and 2012 Winter Youth Olympics were done through postal votes by IOC members.
Candidate Cities.
China bid for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics with the city of Nanjing. Nanjing is located in East Central China along the Yangtze River. The IOC noted Nanjing had "the least risk" of the applicant cities.
Poznań bid for the inaugural Youth Olympic Games which went to Singapore.
Withdrawn candidate.
Guadalajara was chosen over Monterrey by the Mexican Olympic Committee (Comité Olímpico Mexicano) as the national applicant city for the 2014 Youth Olympics. Guadalajara hosted the 2011 Pan American Games. Guadalajara officially withdrew the bid on 22 January 2010, two weeks after the release of the IOC evaluation commission's report and less than three weeks before the final vote in Vancouver.
Cities indicating interest, but did not bid.
Belgrade showed initial interest in bidding for the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, going so far to attend the initial workshop in Lausanne, Switzerland at the IOC headquarters. However, the city withdrew, declaring an intention to bid for the second edition instead.
Jakarta had been confirmed, but ultimately did not bid.
Moscow was the finalist along with eventual winner Singapore in the contest for the 2010 YOG. Moscow declared it would bid for future editions, but did not bid for this edition.
Rabat the capital of Morocco is planning to bid for the youth Olympic games 2014
Citing the experience it will have gained in hosting the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games in Pune, and the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, Indian Olympic Association president Suresh Kalmadi has declared the intention to bid for the 2014 Games, as well as possibly the 2020 edition of the regular Games.
Three French cities had expressed interest in bidding for the Games. The French NOC decided in October 2008 to bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics with Annecy instead.
Students of the universities of Monterrey supported hosting the Games. The MOC passed over Monterrey in favor of Guadalajara, which will have valuable infrastructure from hosting the 2011 Pan American Games. The Monterrey 2014 Foundation declared it would bid for 2018 if Guadalajara loses this bid.

</doc>
<doc id="36708125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708125" title="Bob Jarvis (rugby league)">
Bob Jarvis (rugby league)

Bob Jarvis is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.
Playing career.
Jarvis played for the Otahuhu Leopards in the Auckland Rugby League competition. In 1973 he played for Auckland. In 1974 he was part of the Auckland side that defeated Great Britain and also won the Auckland Rugby League's Bert Humphries Memorial trophy as most improved back.
That year he made his New Zealand Kiwis' debut, playing against Great Britain. In 1975 he was part of the Auckland side that defeated Wales and also played for New Zealand in the World Championship.
In 1976 Jarvis was one of three Aucklanders who signed with Hornby, for which the New Zealand Rugby League imposed a $1000 transfer fee per player. He represented Canterbury that year and did so until 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36708148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708148" title="Black Watch Armoury">
Black Watch Armoury

The Black Watch Armoury is a Scottish baronial-style armoury in Montreal, completed in 1906 to house the 5th Regiment "Royal Highlanders of Canada" (now the Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment) of Canada). Designed by Samuel Arnold Finley and David Jerome Spence, the armoury was declared a National Historic Site of Canada in 2008. It was previously designated a Recognized Federal Heritage Building, in 1994. 
The armoury is home to the regiment's museum, which was opened on 8 November 1949 by the then-colonel of the Black Watch, Field Marshal Lord Wavell.
History.
On May 9, 1963, the armoury's exterior was damaged as part of a campaign of terrorist bombings in Montreal by the Front de libération du Québec (FLQ). In March 1983, two Molotov cocktails were thrown at the building, with a communique issued to local media claiming to be on behalf of a group carrying on the revolutionary politics of the FLQ. Quebec politics came into play again in 2009, when a protest by 200 demonstrators disrupted a Remembrance Day visit to the armoury by Charles, Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall.
Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment) of Canada Museum.
Opened in 1949, the regiment's museum includes uniforms, weapons, musical instruments, maps, medals, photographs and documents that focus on the history of the regiment, the city and the Canadian armed forces. The museum is open to members of the Regimental family as well as to the public on Tuesdays and by appointment. The museum and archives are located at the regiment's headquarters on rue de Bleury in Montreal. The museum portrays the history of The Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment) through a collection of regimental uniforms, accoutrements, trophies of war, and mementos.

</doc>
<doc id="36708153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708153" title="Bernard T. Ferrari">
Bernard T. Ferrari

Bernard T. Ferrari is the second and current dean of the Carey Business School of the Johns Hopkins University. Ferrari's appointment began on July 1, 2012. Ferrari has more than twenty years' of experience as a partner and senior healthcare consultant at the global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company, where he headed the firm's healthcare practice and its North American corporate strategy practice. Prior to joining McKinsey, he was chief operating officer and assistant medical director of the Ochsner Clinic in New Orleans. 
Ferrari is a cum laude graduate of the University of Rochester from which he also received his M.D. He earned a J.D. magna cum laude from Loyola University School of Law and an M.B.A. from Tulane University School of Business. He is married to Linda Ferrari, a former commercial banker and active docent at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36708166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708166" title="ScrumbleShip">
ScrumbleShip

Scrumbleship is an open-world MMOG block-building space flight simulator game in the alpha stage of development by Dirkson of OrangeHat Tech, LLC.
Gameplay.
ScumbleShip aims to be as true real-world physics as possible, while remaining true to science fiction and being fun to play. ScrumbleShip is set roughly 100 to 300 years in the future. Players will gather resources, construct anything from a shuttle to a capital ship out of individual blocks, then pilot it with AI and/or real-human help against other players. Players can then fly their ships from solar system to solar system mining ore, building other ships and space stations, and fighting each other in battles where damage is not only permanent but can be very deadly. Players will form factions, sell ships, goods, and services to other players, and more.
Players will need to consider numerous factors in building a working ship, including: radiating heat produced by the ship's systems to space; ensuring an adequate fuel supply; keeping the ship's air breathable and contained; keeping the crew efficient and happy; ensuring the ship's power supply can meet its power demands; placing crew members in roles at which they are skilled; and more. ScrumbleShip's gameplay aims to be challenging, but rewarding to players at all levels of video game competency.
In ScrumbleShip, there ain't no such thing as a free lunch. The law of conservation of energy applies; everything the player builds in-game, and all energy expended must come from some existing source. Players and AI crew members (redshirted clones), will need to build their ships and space stations block by block out of material mined from asteroids or salvaged from other ships. Players and clones can only carry one block at a time, as blocks are a cubic meter in volume. Players will place blueprint blocks that indicate where a clone or player should weld a new block or component, and out of which material it should be made.
Setting.
The ScrumbleVerse is the universe in which ScrumbleShip takes place. The ScrumbleVerse is a persistent world. While there will not be one main server, players will be able to host their own servers which take the form of solar systems, all of which will be linked. Players who host a server will be able to run a space station hub that acts as a center for trade and repair for the solar system. This hub station will feature a warp gate that allows for instantaneous travel to other solar systems (servers) for those players whose ships cannot support a warp drive, or those who cannot afford one.
Heat Simulation.
As objects grow hotter, they glow red proportionate to their heat energy. Laser fire is scalable; lower-powered lasers are likely to gradually warm an object and cause it to melt and boil off. High-powered lasers are more likely to flash-boil the voxels they strike, resulting in a hole in the object and relatively little heat transferred to the surrounding material.
Objects that exceed their melting point without being flash-boiled turn into an red-hot animated blob representing melted material in zero gravity. Such blobs tend to quickly boil off, as the boiling point of a liquid is just over its melting point in a vacuum. When the engine calculates an object to be boiling, the object animates to represent boiling into nothingness, and is removed.
Planned features include exothermic ship components producing heat that builds up in a ship's atmosphere and material, and requiring players who hope to build working ships to design them with heat dissipation in mind.
Voxel Damage Modelling.
ScrumbleShip depicts damage to in-game materials accurately and precisely by removing voxels that the game calculates to have been destroyed, rather than by removing entire blocks or components. Voxels are currently destroyed when the game's heat engine calculates that a laser has brought an object's material above its boiling point. Voxels are then removed in the shape of the laser beam at a rate proportionate to the temperature of the object, the energy of the beam, and the duration of time over which the beam strikes the object.
Terminals.
Terminals are the computer stations from which players and clones will control a ship's weapons, engines, sensors, and other systems. Terminals will operate on ScrumbleScript, a simple, custom-built programming language that will allow basic and advanced programs to be created. Players will be able to code and trade programs that cause various ship systems to perform certain functions under given conditions, allowing for automation of ship functions such as emergency reactor shutdown. Even functional operating systems may be created using ScrumbleScript.
Licensing.
Every purchased copy of ScrumbleShip will come with a full copy of the C source code. However, the license is non-free: any redistribution, in source or binary form, verbatim or modified, is allowed “only on websites explicitly approved by Orangehat Tech, LLC. Currently the only approved website for redistribution is scrumbleship.com.”
Modders can contribute their original source code and voxel models for inclusion in the main build.
Bleeding Edge Releases.
Bleeding edge executables are frequently broken, frequently updated executables with all the newest, untested features in them, and are equivalent to other software project's "nightlies". They are currently available as a perk for ScrumbleShip "Deluxe" owners. To install a bleeding edge release, players must unzip them and then move the files into the directory for the latest release of ScrumbleShip. Each bleeding edge is built against the current version of ScrumbleShip on the official web site's "Get" page.
They are currently limited to Win32 and Lin64 executables due to technical limitations of the developer's system. Each release comes with the full source code, however, so players can build executables for any operating system.
Funding.
ScrumbleShip employs an alpha funding model, whereby the latest version of the game in development are available for purchase. Purchasers of the Full version of the game have access to monthly releases, and purchasers of the Deluxe version have access to bleeding edge releases. Purchasing any version of the game ensures access to the final version of the game upon its 1.0 release.
A successful Kickstarter campaign for ScrumbleShip concluded on October 17, 2012, awarding the developer $12,093 in funding, exceeding the project's $8,000 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36708225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708225" title="David Kaplan (producer)">
David Kaplan (producer)

David Kaplan (c. 1947 – August 13, 1992) was an American television producer for ABC News, killed while his team was covering the Yugoslav Wars.
On August 13, 1992, on his first day in Yugoslavia, he was struck by a sniper's bullet near the Sarajevo Airport while driving through a zone nicknamed "Sniper Alley". His team had arrived to interview Milan Panic, the new Yugoslav prime minister. When traveling with the prime minister, however, the armored United Nations car proved to be too small to hold everyone, and Kaplan was moved to a "soft-skinned" (unarmored) van of another television crew. Because Kaplan had no flak jacket, he was seated between two journalists who did.
A few minutes later, a bullet was fired through the tailgate of the van, between the taped letters "T" and "V". Kaplan was not wearing a flak jacket, and the bullet entered his back, severing an artery. He died hours later in a Sarajevo hospital. Kaplan was the first American citizen to be killed in the Yugoslav Wars. The shooter was unknown.
ABC News anchor Sam Donaldson, who had also been traveling in the motorcade, called Kaplan "a good man" who "understood the risks here". US presidential spokesman Marlin Fitzwater described Kaplan as "an honest, fair, talented and creative journalist" and called his death "a very sad and personal loss for all of us who've worked with David". ABC News President Roone Arledge praised Kaplan as a man who had "devoted his life to news and to this organization."
In October 1992, Kaplan was posthumously awarded the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists. His widow Sally accepted the award on his behalf. The following year, Sam Donaldson created a fellowship in Kaplan's name at the Missouri School of Journalism of the University of Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="36708276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708276" title="Student Bill of Rights">
Student Bill of Rights

A Student Bill of Rights or Charter of Student Rights and Freedoms is a document adopted by a student group, university or college or government at a local, state or national level. It outlines a population's basic beliefs regarding student rights. These statements of belief are often the foundation for future legislative efforts or collaborative efforts to create joint statements between organizations. The European Student Union, for example, uses their Student Rights Charter when lobbying for student rights in the European Union Higher Education Area as a document representing the student will. The historic National Student Association in the United States used their Student Bill of Rights to help create dialogue between the American Association of University Professors and to initiate the creation of a joint statement on student rights. This collaborative effort gave credence to the demands of students and helped normalize student rights on campuses across North America. While the United States Student Association does not have a student bill of rights of its own, it upholds the 1947 student bill of rights put forth by the National Student Association.
These documents tend to do several things. They can be statements of belief, policy or law. When put forth by a student organization or third party organization they tend to be statements of belief because these organizations do not often have the ability to enforce their beliefs. Even though they are not legally binding they are important because they help policy and law makers understand what students expect and believe to be ethical treatment. At the institutional level they tend to be policy statements. These are legally binding as a promise from the institution to the students who attend and have been found in court to be considered to be part of the educational contract. At the state or federal level student rights documents are legal and binding upon either the state or the country.
At any level these documents provide students with an understanding of their civil or legal rights which are already contained in legislation. These include rights pertinent to all citizens and also to students in the educational setting and provide procedural rights to inform students how institutions should be respecting their legal rights. When used as a statement of belief, however, they often include rights an organization feels students should have and the procedural rights institutions must follow to ensure these rights are fulfilled. There are currently a number of student petitions calling for the creation of national student bills in various countries. While there have been some attempts to create subject specific student bills in the United States, like the Academic Bill of Rights, these have not been successful due primarily for demand for a document which is wider in scope and deals with students constitutional, civil, contractual and consumer rights.
North American Student Bills.
No country in North America has yet adopted a National Student Bill of Rights, Charter of Rights and Freedoms or Code of Rights and Responsibilities.
United States of America.
American National Student Bills.
In the United States there have been several national student bill of rights drafted by student organizations including the historic National Student Association and the American Association of University Professors and other non-governmantal organizations but as yet none have been legally institutionalized.
National Student Association (NSA).
In 1947 the National Student Association NSA in the United States adopted a student bill of rights. The text of this document is not easily accessible. In 1967, however, the NSA put forth a joint statement on the rights and freedoms of students with the American Association of University Professors AAUP (now the Association of American Colleges and Universities). This statement was endorsed by a number of professional organizations. This document included the following rights:
Constitutional Rights
Speech and Association Rights
Due Process Rights
Classroom Rights
United States Student Association.
The United States Student Association does not have an official student bill of rights. The USSA was formed when the historic NSA merged with the National Student Lobby NSL in 1978. They did not officially adopt the student bill of rights put forth in 1947. They text of this document is not on their website and cannot easily be found with a search of the internet.
2003 Academic Bill of Rights --Failed.
In 2003, Georgia Congressman Kingston proposed the first national student bill of rights, House Bill #318. This bill, which was rejected in congress, was not an all encompassing student bill of rights but was narrowly defined to address academic freedom. Nevertheless, it was the first attempt at the creation of national legislation. The congressman found that "at almost every American university, conservative professors are drastically outnumbered." This bill was intended to secure the intellectual freedom of students and faculty. It did not address whether teachers would have the freedom to determine all course goals, curriculum, assignments, grading schemes and course timeline. These issues are of major importance because students in Europe are calling for rights which protect students from teachers having complete academic freedom in the classroom and which regulate them to ensure students have minimum educational quality standards.
Which States have a Student Bill of Rights?
UP = Unproceduralized / P = Proceduralized (Proceduralized means there are bylaws instructing schools how to interpret and institute these laws)
American Institutional Student Bills.
In the United States individual institutions often have their own Student Bill of Rights, Charter of Rights and Freedoms or Code of Rights and Responsibilities. In elementary and secondary education these codes are often drafted by school board officials with perhaps the input of parent or parent teacher associations. In post secondary institutions these are often drafted by the academic senate with the contribution of student representatives. This process often includes varying degrees of student input from student surveys to no student voice and the academic senate may have as much as 50% student representation or as little as 0% student representation depending on the structure of the institution.
Which Universities have a Student Bill of Rights?
UP = Unproceduralized / P = Proceduralized (Proceduralized means the school has included in the document how it will institute these laws)
Canada.
Canadian Federation of Students.
The Canadian Federation of Students has yet to accept a student bill or rights, code of rights and responsibilities or a charter of rights and freedoms. The Canadian Encyclopedia, which details issues of Canadian life and governance, however, states that in Canada "Basically 2 sorts of rights apply to students: substantive rights - the actual rights that students should enjoy - and procedural rights - methods by which students claim their rights. This article is concerned with students in public institutions, although those in private schools can claim rights under the common law and provincial education Acts."
European Student Bills.
European Student Union.
In 2008 the European Student Union adopted a Student Rights Charter which is in essence their platform. This document includes those rights and freedoms which members of the European student Union are lobbying for in their own countries. Romania currently has the strongest student rights legislation in the European Union and this is in part to do with the efforts of the European Student Union to press for legislation. The 2008 ESU Student Rights Charter includes the following rights:
Access to Higher Education
Student Involvement
Extracurricular Aspect of Study
Curricular Aspect of Study
European National Country Level Student Bills.
Romania.
Romania is the country which has the greatest student rights legislation currently in place. In 2010 the National Alliance of student organizations in Romania, which is also part of the European Student Union, worked with the Romanian National Government to bring into law the Romanian National Student Code of Rights and Responsibilities. This document provides Romanian students with roughly a hundred which theoretical rights and procedural rights necessary to ensure theoretical rights are fulfilled. This document includes the following rights: 
Educational Package Rights
Contract Rights
Equitability Rights
Accountability & Quality Assurance Rights
Due Process Rights
Information Accessibility Rights
Asian Student Bills.
It does not seem that Asia has any national or continental student rights bills in place.
African Student Bills.
It does not seem that Africa has any national or continental student rights bills in place.
South & Central American Student Bills.
It does not seem that South or Central America has any national or continental student rights bills in place.

</doc>
<doc id="36708289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708289" title="List of fictional characters with situs inversus">
List of fictional characters with situs inversus

Situs inversus (also called situs transversus or oppositus) is a congenital condition in which the major visceral organs are reversed or mirrored from their normal positions. Several fictional characters have reversed organs.

</doc>
<doc id="36708290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708290" title="Animex Producciones">
Animex Producciones

Animex Producciones is a Mexican animation studio, established in Puebla, which specializes in digital animation productions for film and television. It was founded in 2000 by Ricardo Arnaiz. The studio utilizes the Toon Boom Animation software for 2D productions.

</doc>
<doc id="36708312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708312" title="Syrian Electronic Army">
Syrian Electronic Army

The Syrian Electronic Army (SEA), also known as the Syrian Electronic Soldiers, is a collection of computer hackers who support the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Using denial of service attacks, defacement, and other methods, it mainly targets political opposition groups and western websites, including news organizations and human rights groups. The Syrian Electronic Army is the first public, virtual army in the Arab world to openly launch cyber attacks on its opponents, though the precise nature of its relationship with the Syrian government is unclear.
Philosophy and style.
An allegedly high-ranking representative for the SEA told The Daily Dot that “We are just Syrian youths who want to defend their country against the media campaign that is full of lies and fabricated news reports” about Syria. The SEA's tone and style vary widely from the serious and openly political to ironic statements intended as often critical or pointed humor: SEA had "Exclusive: Terror is striking the #USA and #Obama is Shamelessly in Bed with Al-Qaeda" tweeted from the twitter account of 60 Minutes, and in July 2012 posted "Do you think Saudi and Qatar should keep funding armed gangs in Syria in order to topple the regime? #Syria," from Al Jazeera's twitter account before the message was removed. In another attack, members of SEA used the BBC Weather Channel twitter account to post the headline, "Saudi weather station down due to head on-collision with camel." One commentator notes that " volunteers might include Syrian diaspora; some of their hacks have used colloquial English and reddit memes. After Washington Post reporter Max Fisher called their jokes unfunny, one hacker associated with the group told a Vice interview “haters gonna hate.”"
Attacks.
The SEA claims responsibility for defacing or otherwise compromising hundreds of websites that it contends spread news hostile to the Syrian government. These include news websites such as BBC News, the Associated Press, National Public Radio, Al Jazeera, Financial Times, The Daily Telegraph, The Washington Post, Syrian satellite broadcaster Orient TV, and Dubai-based al-Arabia TV, as well as rights organizations such as Human Rights Watch. Other SEA targets include VoIP apps, such as Viber, and Tango.
It also posts pro-government messages on Facebook, and launches spamming campaigns to spread its messages. The Facebook pages of President Barack Obama and former French President Nicolas Sarkozy are among those that have been targeted by spam campaigns.
An attack on the Associated Press news agency, in which tweets falsely claimed the White House had been bombed and President Barack Obama injured, led to a US$136.5 billion dip on the S&P 500 index on 23 April 2013.
The group reportedly uses phishing tactics to gain sufficient information to compromise accounts. In the first week of May 2013, the Twitter account of "The Onion" was compromised by the SEA, after a phishing attack targeting The Onion employees led to its account being compromised.
In addition to the high-profile defacement and attacks on public targets, the SEA also carries out surveillance to discover the identities and location of Syrian rebels. This electronic monitoring also reportedly extends to foreign aid workers.

</doc>
<doc id="36708320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708320" title="The Syrian World">
The Syrian World

The Syrian World was a short-lived magazine devoted to the celebration and cultural diffusion of Syria, which at the time consisted and referred to the modern day states and territories of Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, and Palestine. In the second year of its publication, 1927, a single issue cost 50 cents and a yearly subscription set back the reader 5 dollars.
History.
"The Syrian world" was founded by a Lebanese-American journalist and intellectual, Salloum Mokarzel. The magazine was printed entirely in English and was pitched to the first generation Syrians; who were born in the United States. Salloum founded the magazine as a non-sectarian and non-partisan publication that would seek, to educate the first generation of Syrian-Americans of their illustrious and ancient cultural heritage, and to strengthen their ties to their culture. Although very popular when it was founded, it proved difficult to keep afloat during the Great Depression, and it ceased publication in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="36708324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708324" title="Paulina Woźniak">
Paulina Woźniak

Paulina Woźniak (born 4 February 1992) is a Paralympic swimmer from Poland. She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics at the 100m Breaststroke class SB8. She won the Women's 100 metre breaststroke SB8 bronze for Poland at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. In 2010 she indicated her ambition was to be an art teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="36708325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708325" title="Elisabeth Ljunggren">
Elisabeth Ljunggren

Elisabeth Ingrid Ljunggren-Morris (born 26 February 1948 in Stockholm) is a retired Swedish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics in 400m, 800m and 4×100m relay. Her best Olympic achievement was eights place in 400m in 1968. She won a bronze medal at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36708363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708363" title="Harrison M. Randall">
Harrison M. Randall

Harrison McAllister Randall (1870–1969) was an American physicist whose leadership from 1915 to 1941 brought the University of Michigan to international prominence in experimental and theoretical physics.
Prior to 1910, the Michigan Physics Department had focused on precision metrology. Dr. Randall, who took all of his degrees at Michigan, initially specialized in that subject. In 1902, his PhD thesis measured the coefficient of expansion of quartz. During his 1910-11 sabbatical year in Tübingen, Germany he met Friedrich Paschen and became an expert in infrared spectroscopy. Randall then introduced these techniques to the University of Michigan.
Theoretical physics.
Randall and his Michigan collaborators produced molecular spectra of unprecedented quality and detail. At that time Walter Colby was the only resident theorist, so, with Randall’s encouragement, Colby recruited Oskar Klein. Although Klein returned to Europe after two years, the importance of theoretical colleagues was established. Subsequently, the University of Michigan added Otto Laporte, Samuel Goudsmit, George Uhlenbeck and David Dennison to the physics faculty. Colby and Randall also started the Michigan Summer Symposia in Theoretical Physics, an annual, multi-week gathering that occurred from 1927 to 1941. This conference provided short courses from prominent theorists, including Bohr, Dirac, Fermi, Heisenberg, Pauli and others, to audiences that sometimes exceeded 100.
Career.
Randall oversaw Michigan’s substantial growth in atomic physics and nuclear physics. In the mid-1930s he secured funding to build what was then the world's most energetic cyclotron.
Randall was elected to the presidency of the American Physical Society in 1937. He remained as chairman of the Michigan physics department until his retirement in 1941, but continued for another 25 years to explore the use of infrared spectroscopy in biophysics.

</doc>
<doc id="36708405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708405" title="Le grand soir">
Le grand soir

Le grand soir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36708461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708461" title="Eva from Argentina">
Eva from Argentina

Eva from Argentina () is a 2011 Argentine flash animated biographical film, produced by Illusion Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="36708486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708486" title="Football strength">
Football strength

The need for specificity.
The role of strength preparation is highly valued in American football. However, it is usually performed for character development, rather than for the specific work of the intramuscular system required in football. The role of strength preparation is crucial not only for increasing muscular strength, which by itself provides an advantage, but also for developing the specific training effects of strength exercises. From the adaptation of the neuromuscular system, to the stress of high eccentric and explosive demands required in football, more specific and intense exercises are needed over of the general exercises commonly used to produce football strength, such as jump training and Olympic-style lifts.
If strength exercises are not used effectively, there will be a disparity between the functional levels of the skeletal muscle system and the capabilities of the neuromuscular system. Specialized strength work produces a strong training effect on the intramuscular system.
Specialized exercises are used to develop the physical and psychological qualities that apply directly to football. For example, using his hip flexors, a player can pull his leg from behind his body to underneath his hips forcefully, duplicating the knee drive action used in running and sprinting. By varying the repetitions and speed of execution, the exercises can either be explosive (high intensity), allow the athlete to develop muscular endurance, or fall somewhere in between, all predicated on what the football player is trying to improve.
Developing physical abilities specific to running, cutting, and jumping technique will have profound results in football-related strength and game performance. In addition, execution of certain specialized exercises requires concentration to develop the neuromuscular pathway needed. A strength exercise which duplicates a particular portion of a skill requires ultimate concentration and perseverance to repeat exactly the same movement time after time. This does not mean that general exercises are of no benefit. They play a very important role in the initial stages of improving a player’s performance. The general exercises precede the specialized exercises to develop a base upon which the special exercises can be performed most effectively. All the advantages of specialized strength work can be realized only with its effective organization.
General vs. specialized exercises.
An exercise does not have the same effect, nor does it improve sports performance to the same degree for athletes at different levels of development. The impact of an exercise depends on whether or not it has a direct effect on the sport's required skills. For example: running is directly related to football, so running exercise has a very good impact on football skill development.
General strength exercises are those exercises that are used in overall body conditioning. They are not directly related to the specific actions required by the sports, or football skill. The overhead press exercise for running can be used to illustrate this concept. It is a common exercise in which the arms move sideways directly upward from the shoulders. In running, however, the arms move in a forward-backward motion in relation to the trunk. Thus, while the overhead press is a good exercise for strengthening the shoulders and arms, which are used in running, it does not duplicate the arm and shoulder movements in the exact actions used in running and, thus, does little to improve that sports skill. General exercises, however, serve as a base upon which a player can add specialized exercises.
General exercises.
General exercises play a very important role in the initial stages of improving a player’s performance. They precede the specialized exercises to develop a base upon which the specialized exercises can be performed most effectively.
Specialized exercises.
When the movement pattern in the exercise duplicates what occurs during a run (or other sports skill), it is known as a specialized exercise. For a runner, an example of a specialized exercise for the shoulders and arms is driving the arm from behind the body to the front of the body in the same pathway and in the same range of motion as in the running stride.
Specialized strength exercises are designed and selected so that their movements and actions most closely match those required for the execution of the sport's specific skills. They also promote psychological traits such as decisiveness, willpower, perseverance and confidence to achieve specific goals. They require similar concentration and psychological qualities as those required for competition on the football field. For example, execution of certain specialized exercises requires concentration to develop the neuromuscular pathways needed. Any strength exercise that duplicates one aspect of a skill requires ultimate concentration and perseverance to repeat exactly the same movement time after time to develop the necessary muscle feel and activate the neuromuscular pathways. For the specialized exercises to have maximum positive transfer, the athlete must be decisive in his or her movements and actions to develop the confidence to repeat the action during play.
Types of equipment.
Free weights are recommended over machine weights for almost all athletes. When one uses free weights (barbells, dumbbells, medicine balls, rubber tubing, etc.), the resistance can be moved in a manner more suited to the sports skill’s intramuscular pattern. With free weights, the athlete must guide and control the movement throughout the execution. In the process, balance and stability are developed because the entire body participates in every exercise, especially when relatively heavy weights are used.
When the "marshmallow" machine weights are used, one must do what the machine dictates. The athlete is guided by the machine, rather than by what the body or limbs are intended to do. The machine isolates specific muscles and helps make them stronger, but that muscle hypertrophy will not necessarily be practical for any particular sport. Therefore, machine exercises are useful for general conditioning purposes, not specificity. 
Medicine balls are used in many different exercises to develop muscular strength and endurance, total body power, and flexibility, but their greatest value lies in explosive midsection and arm training. The sudden forces experienced upon catching a weighted ball also imitate what occurs during play in football when contact is made with another player.
Rubber tubing (as opposed to dumbbells, barbells, or exercise machines) allows the athlete to duplicate movement patterns seen in the execution of football skills. With rubber tubing, the athlete can create resistance in any and all directions so that replication of the sports skill movement pattern is possible. The rubber tubing must have specific tensions and accessories so it can be attached to different parts of the body, as well as to different objects on the field, in the gym or at home.

</doc>
<doc id="36708492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708492" title="Édgar Morales Pérez">
Édgar Morales Pérez

Édgar Morales Pérez was the mayor-elect of Matehuala, San Luis Potosí, Mexico, elected on July 1, 2012. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico (PVEM), which are in a coalition in his municipality. The National Action Party (PAN) had ruled Matehuala for several years, and Morales Pérez was scheduled to take office in September 2012.
On August 12, 2012, he and his campaign manager Juan Francisco Hernández Colunga were killed by gunfire while driving home from a birthday party. Hernández's wife survived the attack but could not identify the perpetrators. Several publications described the attack as part of a broader crime wave. Three days earlier a van with fourteen corpses in the back had been found next to a highway in the state. In Veracruz on August 12, a family of seven, including four children, were found beheaded. In the state of Michoacán that same week, gangsters burned several buses and engaged in gun battles with the Mexican authorities. The Mexican authorities believe that the criminal group known as Los Zetas was behind the attack, and five municipal police officers have been arrested for their alleged involvement in the dual assassination.
Personal life and family.
Morales Pérez was born into an entrepreneur family, and studied at Civil Engineering at the Instituto Tecnológico de Matehuala. Upon graduation, he began working for Constructions Tribasa, a construction company that allowed him to participate in several infrastructure projects in Mexico and Guatemala. He then created his own construction company and began offering services to the municipality of Matehuala. He became popular in Matehuala for financing sport events and dance contests. In early 2012, the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) recruited Morales Pérez and proposed him for the municipal candidacy. He was survived by his wife, Noelia Cortez de Morales, and his three children.
Assassination.
On August 12, 2012, Morales Pérez and his campaign manager, Juan Francisco Hernández Colunga, were driving home from a quinceañera party at around 1:45 a.m. when several gunmen ambushed them in the streets of the city of Matehuala, San Luis Potosí. The ambush took place just 60 meters away from the party, when two white Honda vehicles carrying a total of nine gunmen shot at Morales Pérez's vehicle after they tried to get away. Both of them died at the scene, while Claudia Martínez de Hernández, the wife of Hernández Colunga and the only living witness, was gravely injured and was taken to the nearest hospital; she could not identify the perpetrators. The Mexican authorities received the emergency call of the attack at around 2:00 a.m. and went to the scene, but Morales Pérez was found dead in the back seat of the car, while his campaign manager died in the driver's seat. More than 100 .223 and 7.62 mm caliber shells were found at the crime scene.
The killers were not found but the Mexican authorities indicated that Los Zetas were the probable perpetrators of the attack.
Background.
The state of San Luis Potosí experienced an increase in drug-related violence several months prior to Morales Pérez's assassination. According to official figures, 39 people were murdered in July 2012 in the state, compared to the 13 killed during the same month in 2011. In the first two weeks of August 2011, 33 people were killed, including the gruesome discovery of 14 mutilated bodies inside a van on August 9. Later that day, the death toll reached 21 dead after the Mexican Army and members of organized crime engaged in several gun battles throughout the state. The state authorities contributed the wave of violence to an infighting between rival groups of Los Zetas that fight for the control of San Luis Potosí. Reportedly, the 14 bodies found inside the van were members of the Coahuila-based faction of Los Zetas led by Iván Velázquez Caballero. Those who carried out the attack were killers supposedly under the orders of Miguel Treviño Morales. Other Mexican sources indicate that the feud between the Zeta factions are between Treviño Morales and Heriberto Lazcano. In addition, the surge in violence across the state may be partially attributed to the high summer temperatures throughout Mexico, since extreme weather conditions alter the patterns of drug harvesting and force the cartels to look for other sources of revenue during that time of the year. The "summer effect" – a term coined by Alejandro Hope, a security specialist – leads for more people to spend time outdoors, making criminal activities more visible, like drug sales, for example. In addition, the school calendar results in the absence of parental supervision, facilitating teenage recruitment by the drug trafficking organizations.
Hope argues that the media outlets have played an important role in the perception of the drug violence documented in August 2012 in Mexico. The Mexican newspaper "Milenio" reported more than 38 killings throughout the country on August 9, 2012. Although these figures received a lot of coverage, Mexico experiences a rate of 60 drug-related murders per day, but these killings usually never make it to the national media and are rarely reported. Consequently, Hopes argues that the increase in violence may simply be "the spectacle of violence and not violence itself."
Los Zetas have had a stronghold in the state of San Luis Potosí for several years; back in February 2011, gunmen of the Zetas cartel ambushed and killed the U.S. agent Jaime Zapata while traveling through the Pan American Highway.
Funeral.
The mass ceremony and burial of Morales Pérez and his campaign manager were held on August 13. More than 1,000 people attended the ceremony, including local politicians and former mayors of Matehuala. After the mass was over, a mariachi group played songs in memory of Morales Pérez and Hernández Colunga outside the chapel where the mass was held as their coffins were taken to Jardines de la Luz cemetery.
Aftermath.
San Luis Potosí governor Fernando Toranzo Fernández responded by calling on federal military forces to reinforce law enforcement throughout the state.
In response to the drug-related murders in San Luis Potosí, the Mexican government deployed 15,735 federal agents to seven states across Mexico on August 14, 2012. Of these, 11,835 are from the Mexican Armed Forces and 3,900 are from the Federal Police.
Five police officers from the municipality of Matehuala were detained on August 17, 2012 for their alleged participation in the assassination of Morales Pérez. According to the evidence presented by the authorities, the police officers were watching over at the party where Morales Pérez was present but were reportedly "called to the station" just before the attack occurred. Nonetheless, their involvement in the crime and the reason for the attack remains unknown.
In honor of Morales Pérez, the municipality of Matehuala cancelled the celebration of the Mexican Independence Day on 16 September 2012.
The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) appointed Héctor Fermín Ávila Lucero as the mayor of Matehuala on 21 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36708495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708495" title="Carlos Arrechea">
Carlos Arrechea

Carlos Gerardo Arrechea Moreno (born January 17, 1990), best known with his stage name Carlos Arrechea, is an actor born in Havana, Cuba. His best known role is Sebastián of the Nickelodeon Latin America's series "Grachi".
Biography and career.
"Carlos Arrechea" was born in Playa, Havana, Cuba, under the sign of Capricorn. He is an actor. From childhood his life has been linked to the world of acting. His career began at age 6. The young actor immigrated to Miami in 2002 with his mother and grandfather, who became his father figure after the death of his father, Carlos. His family was not very sympathetic to his passion for art. To please them, Carlos began studying psychology, but still wanting to materialize his dream and realized that his future was acting. He dropped out of psychology and began to study acting full-time to profile his talent professionally.
Throughout his career, Carlos has participated in novelas such as "Mas sabe el diablo", "El Cartel 2" and "Alguien Te Mira" which aired on "Telemundo". Carlos has worked on 6 theater plays in Miami, and in the short films "Fate's Decree", and "El Manantial".
Renowned magazine "People en Español" featured the young actor as "new face" of acting.
In February 2011, he signed with Nickelodeon Latin America and joined the TV series ""Grachi"" a teen fantasy and adventure telenovela where he personifies "Sebastián", a typical funny teenager but very noble that hates taking a bath or brushing his teeth. He is also one of the most popular kids at the school "Escolarium", and he is part of the swim team called "The Sharks". "Grachi" is viewed internationally and has been sold to over 52 countries, including in Italy, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Costa Rica, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru and Venezuela, and 36 French-speaking territories, including France, Belgium and Switzerland.
After he finished taping the second season of ""Grachi"", he started working with Univision, in their second original production, ""El Talismán"", where he played the role of "Juancho".
This young Cuban is capturing the attention of all for his great talent and simplicity.
Carlos is currently taping the third season of ""Grachi"" in Miami that will air in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36708503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708503" title="Tin Sum (constituency)">
Tin Sum (constituency)

Tin Sum is one of the 36 constituencies of the Sha Tin District Council. The seat elects one member of the council every four years. It was first created in Hong Kong district boards election, 1985 and had hold by Choy Kan-pui for more than a decade. It was held by the then legislator Lau Kong-wah of the DAB and Civil Force between 2011 and 2012 before Lau was appointed as Undersecretary for Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau by the Hong Kong government and resigned as district councillor. The constituency boundary is loosely based on the Tin Sum village and Lung Hang Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="36708515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708515" title="Howard Costigan">
Howard Costigan

Howard Gary Costigan (1904–1985) was an American radio commentator, political functionary, and politician. Costigan is best remembered as the Executive Secretary of the Washington Commonwealth Federation during the second half of the 1930s, during which time he was simultaneously a secret member of the Communist Party USA (CPUSA), and for having provided testimony in support of legislative committees investigating Communist activities.
Costigan left the Communist Party in 1940, shortly after the conclusion of the Nazi-Soviet Pact. In 1948 Costigan provided testimony as a friendly witness to the Canwell Committee of the Washington State Legislature, charged with investigating Communist influence in the state. In May 1954 Costigan played a similar role on behalf of the House Committee on Un-American Activities during that committee's investigation of radicalism in the Pacific Northwest.
Biography.
Early years.
Howard Gary Costigan was born January 27, 1904, in Seattle, Washington. He attended primary school in Seattle and Everett before graduating from Centralia High School in Centralia, Washington. While at Centralia High School Costigan was a member of the school debate team for three years and was elected president of the student body.
On November 11, 1919, the 15-year-old Costigan was a witness to the so-called Centralia Massacre, an outburst of mob violence in which members of the American Legion participating in an Armistice Day parade attempted to storm the local headquarters of the radical Industrial Workers of the World and were met with armed resistance. The injustice of the event, which culminated in an IWW member being pulled from jail by an organized band and lynched, was instrumental in moving the young Costigan to himself become involved in radical politics.
Costigan worked in local lumber mills and retail shops even while in high school. Following graduation he attended Whitman College and Washington State Normal School at Bellingham, where he trained to be a teacher. While in college Costigan learned how to cut hair and became a member of the haircutter's union.
Upon graduation from college Costigan was employed as a teacher in Vancouver, Washington, where he also coached athletics.
Political career.
In 1934 Costigan became actively involved in politics, helping to organize a state-level social democratic organization called the Commonwealth Builders, serving as Executive Secretary of the new group and editor of its official newspaper. According to Costigan's later sworn testimony to Congress
"The Commonwealth Builders was an organization originally of protesting and unemployed citizens who were displeased at the fact that they were expected to go up in front of soup kitchens when they preferred working with tools to build themselves and adequate standard of living...
"They decided that as long as private industry couldn't provide them with the chance to do it that it was the duty of the state, and they nominated candidates who supported what we call the Economic Security Act of 1935; and I might add that that act almost passed the House of Representatives. It got, I believe, 48 votes and there were 99 members in the House. And we elected on the Commonwealth Builders ticket 41 members of the House of Representatives in 1934, and I have forgotten the number in the State Senate..., about a third if my memory serves me right..."
The Commonwealth Builders provided the core for a new expanded organization established in 1935, the Washington Commonwealth Federation, of which Costigan was named the Executive Secretary. This group, which drew inspiration from the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation of Canada, continued to play a decisive role in Democratic Party politics in Washington state, working to elect political candidates and to push forward the New Deal program of President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Costigan was a proficient public speaker on political and in 1935 this affinity soon gained him a place at Seattle radio station KIRO-AM (known as KPCB until 1937), where he worked as a political commentator and interviewer. Costigan would remain in this capacity for more than a decade, with his broadcasts frequently picked up for a national audience by the CBS and Mutual radio networks.
In December 1936, during the height of the international communist movement's attempt at fostering political cooperation with socialists and liberals under the banner of the Popular Front against Fascism, Costigan joined the Communist Party USA. According to his own testimony, Costigan signed his application for party membership with the pseudonym "Jack Robinson" and was accepted as a secret member of the organization, paid no dues, and did not attend meetings of local party units. Despite this unpublicized membership, Costigan indicates he was coopted into membership in the governing bureau of the Pacific Northwest district of the Communist Party in 1937 and remained in that capacity until 1939.
During this interval Costigan shaped the policy of the Washington Commonwealth Federation in accord with policy initiatives of the Communist Party.
Costigan left the CPUSA early in 1940, a few months after the conclusion of the conclusion of the Nazi-Soviet Pact. It was also at this time that he left the Washington Commonwealth Federation to work on the 1940 Roosevelt re-election campaign.
Costigan ran for political office himself for the first time in 1944, when he entered the Democratic primary election for U.S. Congress, attempting to win the seat vacated by Warren Magnuson, who decided to run instead for U.S. Senate. This effort proved unsuccessful, however, with the seat being won by Washington Commonwealth Federation stalwart and secret Communist Party member Hugh DeLacy.
In 1944 Costigan was appointed head of the Division of Progress and Industry Development of the Washington State Department of Conservation and Development, also working for the state's publicity division. He remained in this politically appointed position until resigning in 1946.
Costigan ran once more for political office in 1946, again running unsuccessfully against Hugh DeLacy in the Democratic primary. Following his defeat in that election by the more radical DeLacy — who ultimately lost his seat in the November general election — Costigan was hired to help establish a new organization called Pacific Northwest United. This was to be a mainstream political organization bringing together representatives of industry, agriculture, labor, and government and included the active participation of Seattle mayor William F. Devin and Portland mayor Earl Riley. Costigan would serve as Executive Secretary of this organization.
1948 anti-communist testimony.
On February 2, 1948, Costigan gave testimony to the Canwell Committee of the Washington State Legislature, a state-level organization patterned on the national House Committee on Un-American Activities charged with the investigation of Communism in Washington state.
Costigan testified that the Washington Commonwealth Federation had been established in 1935 by liberal and labor groups over the opposition of the Communist Party as a means for advancing Roosevelt's New Deal agenda. It was only in 1936, according to Costigan's testimony, that the CPUSA warmed up to the idea of using its trade union and liberal connections for the "penetration" of the Washington Commonwealth Federation, including its executive board. Costigan told the committee that the Communists diligently supported the Roosevelt administration and the WCF as a bulwark against the spread of fascism and that Communists in the WCF were "the most ardent and perhaps the most conservative" supporters of these institutions.
Costigan testified that only in 1939, with the coming of the pact between the Soviet Union and Hitlerite Germany, did he note the primary emphasis of the Communist Party in supporting the interests of Soviet foreign policy. Costigan insisted that he had paid no party dues and carried no party card and "frankly had no feeling of being in the Party, except to consult with these people" throughout the 1937 to 1939 interval. After breaking with the CPUSA in 1940, Costigan noted that he had run against "the line that DeLacy and the rest of the Executive Committee of the Communist Party" were promoting until by the time of the 1946 elections Costigan found himself "probably hated more than anyone in the Pacific Northwest by the Communist Party."
During his Canwell Committee testimony Costigan named as members of the Communist Party former Congressman Hugh DeLacy, old age pension activists William Pennock and N.P. Atkinson, union leader Jess Fletcher, journalist Terry Pettus, longshoremen's union official Harry Bridges, and civil rights attorney John Caughlan.
Costigan separated from his wife in April 1948 and moved to Southern California, where he worked on behalf of the United Nations Appeal for Children. He subsequently served as the Executive Secretary of the Labor League of Hollywood Voters and as director of publicity for the Hollywood Film Council. He was also employed by the California Democratic Party's State Central Committee in 1948 and 1949.
From 1950 through 1954 Costigan served as the assistant to Roy Brewer, who occupied leading roles in the Hollywood Film Council and Council Against Communist Aggression in addition to heading the Theatrical Stage Employees and Moving Picture Machine Operators union.
1954 anti-communist testimony.
In 1954 the House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC) turned its attention to radicalism in the Pacific Northwest. Howard Costigan was called on May 28, 1954, as a friendly witness. In his testimony Costigan detailed his own biography and the formation of the Commonwealth Builders and Washington Commonwealth Federation for the committee and named as members of the Communist Party journalists Lowell Wakefield, Jim Cour, and Ellen McGrath, his former secretaries Sylvia Keen and Irene Borowski, University of Washington professors E. Harold Eby and Mel Jacobs, union officials Karley A. Larsen and Harry Jackson, party functionaries Lou Sass and Henry Huff, woodworkers' union official Mickey Orton, and attorney Jim Molthan, in addition to those already named in the 1948 Canwell proceedings.
Costigan also noted to HUAC that he had worked with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other departments of the U.S. Government, including the Immigration department, since the conclusion of World War II.
Costigan argued to the committee that it was essential for conservatives to allow for "freedom for the expression of progressive and liberal ideas, in an effort to ameliorate conditions that give the Communists adequate soil in which to fortify." He also declared that progressives and liberals needed to learn that "under no circumstance" was the Communist Party a force for the advancement of humanitarian values, but rather existed as part of "the most reactionary force in the world."
Later years.
After 1955 Costigan worked as an independent consultant and writer, counting among his clients the House Committee on Un-American Activities, for whom he helped investigate Communist influence in the motion picture industry.
Costigan moved to Fresno, California in 1970 and was active in the political campaigns of anti-communist Washington Senator Henry M. Jackson.
In the late 1970s Costigan began to research and write his memoirs, aided by his second wife, but the book was never finished.
Death and legacy.
Howard Costigan died on October 7, 1985. He was 81 years old at the time of his death.
Costigan's papers are held in the Special Collections department of Suzzallo Library at the University of Washington in Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="36708523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708523" title="Laos National Stadium">
Laos National Stadium

The Chao Anouvong Stadium, also known as Vientiane Provincial stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Vientiane, Laos. It is used mostly for football matches. The stadium was built in 2008 and holds 15,000 people. Since 2008, some matches of the Lao League have been played there.

</doc>
<doc id="36708547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708547" title="Reed Budge">
Reed Budge

Reed William Budge (January 7, 1921 – August 7, 1987) was a politician and rancher in the U.S. state of Idaho. He resided in Soda Springs.
Budge was born in 1921 in Logan, Utah to Thomas and Duella Budge. He was a relative of former U.S. congressman Hamer H. Budge and Idaho Supreme Court justice Alfred Budge. Budge graduated from Utah State University in 1946 and also attended University of Chicago Medical School. He served in Europe during World War II as a medic, and was wounded in the Battle of the Bulge, earning a Purple Heart and Silver Star for his actions.
In 1943, Budge was elected county commissioner of Caribou County, Idaho in 1943. Later, in 1967 he was appointed to complete a term as a Republican in the Idaho State Senate. During his time in the state senate for the 32nd district, Budge sat on transportation, health, environment, education and welfare committees. He was elected as pro tempore of the Idaho Senate in 1978, serving until 1982 when he was succeeded by Jim Risch. Budge also maintained an attendance record, described by a newspaper as "one of the most remarkable", not missing a senate session for 12 years until 1978, when a family death forced him to miss one. He retired from the senate in 1986. Budge suddenly died one year later at his home in Soda Springs of a heart attack, aged 66.
He married Gwen Stevenson in 1943 and had five children, Reed Douglas, Linda Duella, Randall Christian, Brian William, and Suzanne. In his spare time, Budge was a rancher in Soda Springs where he herded cattle and owned horses.

</doc>
<doc id="36708558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708558" title="Blechnum arcuatum">
Blechnum arcuatum

Blechnum arcuatum, known locally as Quil-Quil, is a fern native with a natural range in Chile ranging from Ñuble River (~36° S) in the north to Aysén Region (~47° S) including adjacent areas of Argentina. It is found from sea level up to 1300 masl and is associated with water courses or humid road cuts.

</doc>
<doc id="36708562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708562" title="Jans Koster">
Jans Koster

Jans Koster (born in 1938) is a retired Dutch freestyle swimmer. She won a gold medal at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships (400 m) and set two European and two world records in 1500 m in 1956–1957. On 9 March 1960 she married Ben Hulsegge.

</doc>
<doc id="36708587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708587" title="Notable employees of Boston Consulting Group">
Notable employees of Boston Consulting Group

This is a partial list of former and current employees of the The Boston Consulting Group, the global management consulting firm.

</doc>
<doc id="36708597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708597" title="Dead Freight">
Dead Freight

"Dead Freight" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad", and the 51st overall episode of the series. Written and directed by George Mastras, it originally aired on AMC in the United States on August 12, 2012.
Plot.
A young boy (Samuel Webb) rides on a dirt bike through the desert. Encountering a wild tarantula, he allows it to crawl over his hands before placing it in a jar. He hears a passing freight train and rides toward it.
Walt (Bryan Cranston) pays a visit to the newly promoted Hank (Dean Norris) at his new DEA office. During their conversation, Walt admits that his marriage to Skyler (Anna Gunn) is failing and that she doesn't love him anymore, feigning tears. When Hank leaves his office momentarily to get coffee, Walt installs eavesdropping bugs on his computer and inside a picture frame sitting on top of Hank's desk.
Walt, Jesse (Aaron Paul), and Mike (Jonathan Banks) interrogate Lydia (Laura Fraser) about the tracking device found affixed to the bottom of one of Madrigal's methylamine barrels. Mike and Walt believe that she planted the device herself and resolve to kill her. However, after forcing Lydia to contact Hank and report her discovery of the tracking device, the crew eavesdrops on Hank's next telephone call and learns that it was actually a team from Houston that epoxied tracking devices to all of the methylamine barrels in Madrigal's warehouse. Now exonerated, Lydia tries to prove her worth to the crew by claiming that she can access an "ocean" of methylamine now that all of the barrels are being tracked.
In exchange for Walt's promise of safety, Lydia reveals that Madrigal's supply of methylamine is transported through New Mexico via freight train, explaining that the train passes through a three-mile "dark territory" in McKinley County where its communications go dead. Lydia explains she has access to the train’s final manifest when it is uploaded to her company’s server, giving them about six hours lead time to prepare to rob the train.
Deciding to rob the train of its methylamine payload at that point, the crew is faced with the prospect of killing the train's engineer and conductor in order to leave no witnesses behind. Jesse, eager to avoid bloodshed, devises a plan for robbing the train undetected. Acting on this plan, the crew measures the track and buries two 1000-gallon tanks next to a trestle in preparation for the upcoming heist, leaving one of the tanks empty while filling the other one with water. They enlist the help of Todd (Jesse Plemons), a Vamonos Pest employee and experienced burglar who is warned by Jesse and Walt that no one can ever know about the heist.
Elsewhere, Walt Jr. (RJ Mitte) and Holly remain with Hank and Marie (Betsy Brandt). Walt Jr., who goes back to using the nickname "Flynn", is angry at his parents' behavior and tries to return home, only to be curtly persuaded to leave by Walt. Skyler emphasizes her desire to keep the children out of the house, reminding him of his near-fatal encounter with Jesse before Gus Fring's death; her argument seems to get through to Walt. Skyler also promises to continue laundering Walt's drug money as long as the children stay away. As Walt leaves, Skyler notices his dirty pants and asks if he was "out burying bodies", to which he candidly replies "robbing a train."
Upon viewing the final manifest from her computer at home, Lydia informs Mike of the shipment information. On the scheduled day of the heist, Walt's crew manages to stop the train by blocking a railroad crossing with a "broken-down" dump truck driven by Kuby (Bill Burr). When the engineer (Myk Watford) and conductor (Jamie McShane) exit the locomotive to assist Kuby, Mike acts as a lookout while Walt, Jesse, and Todd drain methylamine from the tank car into the empty buried tank, simultaneously pumping the water into the car to ensure the weight of the car remains unchanged upon reaching its destination. However, the robbery is threatened when a good samaritan (Ryan Begay) arrives on the scene and pushes the dump truck off the tracks earlier than expected. Despite being told by Mike to stop, Walt recklessly makes Jesse and Todd complete the job, putting them in danger as the train leaves; Jesse is forced to lie underneath the moving train, and Todd to jump from it.
As Walt, Jesse, and Todd celebrate the heist's apparent success, they discover the same young boy shown earlier on in the episode standing nearby with his idling dirtbike. After the boy waves to them, Todd returns the wave, then draws his pistol and shoots the boy, to Jesse's horror.
Production.
"Dead Freight" was written and directed by George Mastras, making his directorial debut on the series. Mastras revealed that the episode was logistically complicated to film because many cameras were needed to capture the lengthy train heist sequence. According to Vince Gilligan, the sequence took four days to shoot.
The episode was originally titled "Dark Territory," but was changed to avoid confusion with the film . Mastras explains that "dead freight" refers to wasted space on a vessel that has been paid for in full.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Dead Freight" was watched by 2.48 million viewers and received a 1.3 rating among viewers aged 18–49.
Critical reception.
The episode received laudatory reviews from critics and is considered one of the best in the series. Donna Bowman of "The A.V. Club" rated it as an A-. Though she criticized the material with Skyler and Walt Jr., calling it "clumsily functional", she stated that "this weak patch is more than made up for by the tremendous extended heist sequence and its tragic culmination, which is both well-conceived and perfectly shot." Seth Amitin of IGN rated the episode with a 10 out of 10, calling it "beautifully crafted" and "excellently executed". Alan Sepinwall of HitFix called "Dead Freight" a "great episode", stating: "So much fun, and then such a devastating but not unfair gut punch at the end." Sean T. Collins of "Rolling Stone" called the episode "harrowing, heartbreaking, magnificent television".
George Mastras was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for writing this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="36708614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708614" title="Aman Mojadidi">
Aman Mojadidi

Aman Mojadidi (born 1971) is an American artist of Afghan descent known for his public art projects exploring Afghan politics and cross-cultural identity. Mojadidi has referred to himself as "Afghan by blood, redneck by the grace of god." His work has been shown internationally in contemporary art exhibitions such as dOCUMENTA (13) and the Kochi-Muziris Biennale.
Biography.
Mojadidi was born and grew up in Jacksonville, Florida. His father went back to Afghanistan each summer to help fight the Soviet occupation as a combat surgeon. Mojadidi visited Afghanistan for the first time in 1990, when he made a visit to the front lines with his uncle, Sibghatullah Mojaddedi, the prominent Afghan mujahid who was once president of Afghanistan and has been a member of its upper parliament.
Mojadidi visited Afghanistan again in 2001 after the fall of the Taliban, and moved there in 2003 to work with an NGO involved in efforts to rebuild the country. In recent years he has been active in Kabul's art scene and has been credited for playing a crucial role in its resurgence. Mojadidi curated a 2012 Documenta exhibit in Kabul which showcased 12 contemporary Afghan artists, and has worked with young Afghans in graffiti art. At times he has been critical of Afghanistan's reliance on foreign aid. He has said that "a truly sustainable approach would probably be for Afghan artists to form collectives and organise exhibitions on their own initiative."
Work.
With his art, Mojadidi says he aims to make something that "disturbs identity and challenges authority." For one of his first performance art installations, in 2009, Mojadidi set up a fake checkpoint in Kabul. Dressed as an Afghan policeman, he filmed himself searching cars and offering drivers $2, in what he described as a "reverse bribe."
In 2010, Mojadidi invented a character called the Jihadi Gangster, as a satire of what he saw as jihad's street credibility in modern Afghan culture, which he connected to the American concept of "bling." In a series of photos and posters, Mojadidi dressed up as this character, whose appearance was a combination of American hip-hop gangster and Afghan mujahideen. During the September 2010 parliamentary elections, Jihadi Gangster appeared in posters around Kabul wearing a black turban and a large gold chain with a gold-plated gun around his neck. His campaign slogan read, "Vote for me. I've done jihad, and I'm rich."
Mohadidi's other tongue-in-cheek work includes a fashion line of clothing for suicide bombers and soldiers called "Conflict Chic," and photography exploring the connection between Kabul City and the American Confederate South. His art has been shown in international contemporary art exhibitions, including dOCUMENTA (13) and the Kochi-Muziris Biennale in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36708618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708618" title="Sawaran">
Sawaran

Sawaran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36708641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708641" title="Frederick Church (engineer)">
Frederick Church (engineer)

Frederick A. Church (1878 - 1936) was an American engineer and early roller coaster designer. He is most famous for his "Bobs" series of Roller Coasters that featured severe banking, steep drops, and nonstop action.
History.
Fred Church was often associated with his business partners Tom Prior and, after Tom's death, Frank Prior. Church had met Tom Prior in Chicago when Prior was publicity director at White City and Riverview Park, Chicago's two great amusement parks. Church was born in Ontario Canada, studied mechanical engineering at Tufts University, and landed a job at Webster Manufacturing and Engineering near Chicago. The company designed and fabricated replacement parts for amusement park rides. Church was working on side-friction roller coaster car designs and began developing an interest in inventing new rides. Later coasters by Prior and Church would be built by Harry Traver, a legendary coaster builder and designer.
Throughout the 1920s, Prior and Church coasters were built by Arthur Looff. (double out and back coasters)
Notable roller coasters.
Three of Church's coasters are still operating. They are:
Additional Church coasters that are well-known, but no longer standing, include:
The 1921-built Big Dipper at Playland in San Francisco (1921-1955) was at one time said to be an early Prior and Church coaster. However, park owner Arthur Looff built the Big Dipper with his own crew. Looff made a deal with Prior and Church to use the ride as a showcase for other potential parks wanting the new double out and back style roller coaster in their park. He would land the role as coaster builder for at least three double out and back coasters from the Big Dipper's ride popularity. The most famous roller coaster in the world today, the Cyclone at Coney Island, is similar in design to the Big Dipper.
Rolling Stock.
Church developed a rolling stock with flanged wheels for negotiating steep curves. Prior and Church coaster trains typically consisted of ten or eleven dual bench cars with open-air fronts, each bench securing up to three riders with a leather strap lap restraint.
Racing Derby.
Prior and Church are the creators of a carousel-type ride often called a "Racing Derby."
US Patents.
Church registered the following patents:
See also.
http://www.westland.net/venicehistory/articles/church.htm

</doc>
<doc id="36708642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708642" title="Julius Pasculado">
Julius Pasculado

Julius Pasculado, (born August 6, 1987 from Chicago, Illinois) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is drafted 14th by the Aces in the 2011 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36708644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708644" title="Beli Ram Das">
Beli Ram Das

Beli Ram Das (born October 1908) was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Barpeta constituency Assam in 1952. He was also a member of the Assam Legislative Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="36708648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708648" title="A.R.S. Armenian School">
A.R.S. Armenian School

A.R.S. Armenian School (Հ.Օ.Մ.-ի Ամէնօրեայ Վարժարան ("H.Ō.M.-i Amēnōryeah Varzharan") in Armenian) (also called A.R.S. Day School, or A.R.S. Armenian Private School) is the largest co-educational, Armenian-Canadian trilingual and bi-cultural day school in Ontario, catering to students from Kindergarten through to Grade 12. 
History.
The A.R.S. Babayan Kindergarten and Kololian Elementary School was founded in 1979 by benefactors The Babayan Foundation charity and Mr. & Mrs. Kevork and Armenouhie Kololian respectively. With an initial student roster of only 69 from J.K. to Grade 2, the Armenian Community Centre housed the school’s first classrooms.
In 2001, the A.R.S. Armenian Secondary School was established, starting with the pioneer grade 9 class. In 2004, a new High School and a Youth Centre, adjacent to the Community Centre was completed which now houses grades 4 through 12. The school's student body has grown from 69 in 1979 to over 500 in 2011.\
Academics.
Academic excellence is one of the cornerstones of A.R.S. Day School. A.R.S. prides itself on the successes its students achieve while they are at school, upon graduation and beyond. A.R.S. graduates are accepted into the post-secondary schools of their choice, often with scholarships, and report back frequently at how well prepared they were as they embarked into the next phase of their education.
The A.R.S. curriculum is demanding and encompasses various subjects outside the traditional core group which serve to expand the horizons of each student. In addition, the school aims to complement in-class instruction with relevant field trips and overnight camping trips to equally develop leadership and social skills. A.R.S.’ small class sizes allow teachers to accommodate different levels of development and to get to know each student to support them academically as well as emotionally. There is no shortage of extra-curricular activities and clubs which provide an outlet for different areas of interest and talent. Upon graduation, A.R.S. graduates have continued their education at prestigious universities across Canada in various programs including engineering, life sciences, humanities, business and education.
Athletics.
While academics are stressed at A.R.S., athletics and extra-curricular activities are also fervently encouraged. Physical Education is offered in kindergarten and at every grade level until it becomes optional in grade 11.
There are also several extra-curricular athletic clubs which students can join to further their passion and skill for a particular sport:

</doc>
<doc id="36708661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708661" title="James Martinez (basketball)">
James Martinez (basketball)

James Vincent R. Martinez, is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was drafted 18th by the Barangay Ginebra Kings in the 2011 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36708670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708670" title="Neil Lawson">
Neil Lawson

Neil Lawson (born on 8 April 1907 (or 1908) – died in January 1996, aged 88) was a British barrister and QC. He first came to notice by MI5 in 1932 when he acted for the Daily Worker in a contempt of court case and in 1933, he was closely involved with D N Pritt in the legal arguments about those falsely accused by the Nazis of setting the Reichstag on fire. MI5’s lack of sophistication in recording this has led to erroneous suggestions that Lawson defended Georgi Dimitrov in court, whereas the Communist leader ably defending himself. However, Lawson did help Pritt, who acted as the Chairman of a high profile international counter-trial of judicial persons in a Commission of Inquiry in London from 21–28 September 1933, and, by 1938 he was Secretary of the National Council for Civil Liberties ( now Liberty). 
In 1957 he began providing legal advice to the rulers of Malaya of the Federation of Malaya and later he as well also the legal advisor to the Sultan of Brunei in 1963 on constitutional matters, a job which he carried out in a notably objective manner. Lawson died in January 1996, aged 88, as one of the country’s most respected Queen's Counsel (or silks).

</doc>
<doc id="36708721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708721" title="The Beautiful Bodies">
The Beautiful Bodies

Beautiful Bodies are an alternative rock band from Kansas City, Missouri featuring Alicia Solombrino, Thomas Becker (The Get Up Kids, Gratitude), and Luis Arana.
History.
Beautiful Bodies developed as a band while the members resided in different countries. Becker, a Harvard educated human rights lawyer, was living in Bolivia, suing the former president for massacring protestors. Solombrino, and Arana were based out of the U.S. The three began demoing music, sending tracks back and forth via email when one of the songs they recorded, "You're a Risk," was picked up by modern rock station KRBZ and spread to other regional college and alternative stations, garnering label attention for the band. Industry magazine HITS Daily Double referred to Beautiful Bodies as "One the biggest unsigned stories of the moment."
Beautiful Bodies have shared the stage and toured with various alternative and punk bands, including The Smashing Pumpkins, My Chemical Romance, Jane's Addiction, Paramore, and The Yeah Yeah Yeahs. They have played festivals, such as Warped Tour, Kanrocksas, and SXSW, and have toured the U.S. and Canada extensively. The band's music has been featured on television programs and in commercials, such as Kansas City Chiefs advertisements, and at sports and fashion events, such as New York Fashion Week. Beautiful Bodies won Ernie Ball's 2013 Battle of the Bands for Warped Tour, beating out 32,000 bands. In May 2014, the band signed a record deal with Epitaph Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36708725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708725" title="Piano á la Mode">
Piano á la Mode

Piano á la Mode is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston which was recorded in 1957 and released on the Jubilee label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36708729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708729" title="Serer maternal clans">
Serer maternal clans

Serer maternal clans or Serer matriclans (Serer : Tim or "Tiim"; Ndut : Ciiɗim) are the maternal clans of the Serer people of Senegal, the Gambia and Mauritania. The Serer are both patrilineal ("simanGol" or "Simangol") and matrilineal. Inheritance depends on the nature of the asset being inherited – i.e. whether it is a maternal asset which requires maternal inheritance ("ƭeen yaay" or "den yaay") or paternal asset requiring paternal inheritance ("kucarla"). The Serer woman play a vital role in royal and religious affairs. In pre-colonial times until the abolition of their monarchies, a Serer king would be required to crown his mother, maternal aunt or sister as Lingeer (queen) after his own coronation. This re-affirms the maternal lineage to which they both belong ("Tim"). The Lingeer was very powerful and had her own army and palace. She was the queen of all women and presided over female cases. From a religious perspective, the Serer woman plays a vital role in Serer religion. As members of the Serer priestly class (the Saltigues), they are among the guardians of Serer religion, sciences, ethics and culture. There are several Serer matriclans; not all of them are listed here. Alliance between matriclans in order to achieve a common goal was, and still is very common. The same clan can be called a different name depending on which part of Serer country one finds oneself in. Some of these matriclans form part of Serer mythology and dynastic history. The mythology afforded to some of these clans draws parallels with the Serer creation narrative, which posits that: the first human to be created was a female. Many Serers who adhere to the tenets of Serer religion believe these narratives to contain profound truths which are historic or pre-historic in nature.
Types.
Serer matriclans can be divided into two types :
Serer matriclans can be further categorized by splitting them into groups. For example :
History.
Serer matriclans and the role of Serer women are intricately linked to the Serer cosmogony and religion. In their cosmogony, the supreme transedental deity Roog (or Koox among the Cangin) created a woman first before man was ever created from the same divine placenta. In Serer religious symbolism and numbers, women share the same number with Roog (the number 3). The "number 3" represents the celetral world in Serer symbolims and "numbers". Their creation narrative posits that : there were three worlds, three parts of the cosmos and three essential elements. Women are also linked to the Divine, who created the Universe via its divine female principles.
The ritual control of the marine life such as sea salt and fish, and that of rain and rivers including fire (for the purposes of farmland) are attributed to the first Serer matriclans. Many of the proto-Serer matriclans are found within the old villages of the Petite Côte in Serer country. The Faoye (var : "Fa-oy", a locality of Sine-Saloum situated around 25 km south of Fatick) is also steep rich in tradition as it is in Ñakhar (or Niakhar). Like Ñakhar, Faoye account for many Serer matriclans including : Feejoor, Joofaan, Kare-Kare, Mengeeñ, Raaboor, Rik, Simala, Waale, Wagadu, Yiil, etc. These matriclans were integrated into the Kingdoms of Sine and Saloum. It is suggested that their initial role was religious in nature. Like the Serer patriclans (see Joof family), each Serer matriclan has its associated totem which are rooted in nature or the environment.
The Serer Ndut call the ancestors the elements of the environment with which their matriclans are associated, and they differ from the patronymic totems which are related to prohibitions and taboos imposed on an individual by the Serer healers and priestly class. These beliefs are still prevalent, especially in funerals, which are espected to manifest these "ancestors", as well as when the totemic species (animal) needs protection.
Many Serer families can recite their maternal genealogy at least as far back to ten generations from the eldest living member of the clan.
The Serer group and matrilineality.
The Serer ethnic group are very diverse and include : the Seex (pronounced "Seeh", i.e. the Seereer Siin, the most numerous among the Serer group), the Ndut, the Saafi, the Laalaa, the Palor, the Noon, the Niominka, etc. All these people are ethnically Serers though some may speak the Cangin language rather than Serer or Seereer Siin. The Cangin is not a dialect of Serer. For more on this, see Serer people and the other relevant articles. Each of these groups have a way of stratifying their matrilineal system. The geographical spread of the Serer group also account for the different names used by these groups to refer to the Serer matriclans along with variations in language. However, the matriclans just like the ethnic group, are all interconnected and in many cases, the variances are minute. The Ndut matriclans have also settled in Palor country (also called "Sili", which means "Serer" in their language) for a long time and their matrilineages still have land rights and distant relatives among the Palor as well as ancestral graveyards in Palor country. The same is true across the Serer group. The Lebou people also have Serer ancestry, and it common for them to have both Serer surnames as well as belonging to one of the Serer matriclans. Many of the Lebou ancestral spirits are actually the Serer Pangool (see Saltigue). The Palors and Ndut are found in Cayor; the Saafi, Noon and Laalaa in Baol; the Seex in Sine, Saloum (which includes Lower Saloum - modern day Gambia as well as the Gambian interior) and Mauritania, the Niominka around the Gambia and Senegal border.
The following table gives some of the variations in the matriclans among the Palor, Ndut, Saafi, Lebou and Seex :
Role of the Tokoor.
The "Tokoor" (or "Tokor") is the head of the maternal clan usually an elderly man. He accumulates and safeguards the asset of the maternal lineage for the benefit of the whole matriclan and plays a major role in marrying off his maternal nephews and nieces. The word "tokoor" comes from the Serer word "tokoor fee", which means maternal uncle. Another derivative of "tokoor fee" is ""Takor"", which is also a Serer first name as well as the name for a maternal uncle. Most Serer homes have an ancient artefact, beit a maternal or paternal asset. Some of these are religious in nature, others are of the material world. It is the responsibility of every family member to acquire treasure ("halal" in Serer) in order to increase the clan's wealth. Some of these treasures or assets may be jewellery, livestock, mechanical equipment, land, furniture, etc. Like paternal assets, the maternal asset of a particular matriclan determines their "collective power" and wealth, which may be drawn upon on certain occasions such as marriages, naming ceremonies or in times of need. Not everything is drawn upon. Some of these assets or treasures are far too precious to the matriclan and form part of their family history i.e. jewellery and land (see Lamane and Lamane Jegan Joof). The responsibility of the Tokoor is to ensure these assets are used wisely and appropriately. The assets which have been accumulated are rarely, if at all "used to reproduce the means of production". Instead, they form part of the total assets for the purposes of maternal inheritance ("ƭeen yaay"). The heir is only an administrator or custodian of these assets for the benefit of the co-heirs. He is estopped from diverting the maternal wealth from those activities which may benefit the co-heirs. In the old Serer tradition, even today, cattle make up a significant portion of the bride price. As a result, many Serer matriclans have increased their wealth and power through cattle.
Matriclans.
There are several Serer maternal clans. The list of clans given below is not exhausive. Many of these went on to establish royal dynasties in Senegambia or provided some of the kings of the Senegambia Region. Not all Serer matriclans went on to establish royal dynasties. Others are more mythological in nature.
Gareh Kareh, Rik & Gogol.
The matriclans Gareh Kareh (variations : "Garé Karé", singular : "Kareh Kareh" or "Karé Karé") and Rik (singular : "Tik") are two of the old Serer matriclans enshrined in Serer legend, especially the Gareh Kareh, more commonly referred to in academic papers as : "Karé Karé" (following its French spelling in Senegal). The Gareh Kareh matriclan is one of the better known Serer matriclans. According to the legend of these two clans, they both came from the same mother but diverged following a calamity. Their divergence is elucidated by the proverb : "what goes around comes around". As of 1983, the total Gareh Kareh clan in Ñakhar Arrondissement is estimated to be 1127, and 1336 for Rik. In Baol, the Gareh Kareh are called Gogol.
The legend of Gareh Kareh & Rik.
These two "Tim" came from the same mother. Their animal totem is the savannah monitor — "fasaax" (and/or iguana). The Rik are also prohibited from touching the guiera senegalensis tree — (the sacred NGuƭ tree).
When their ancestors were about to die in the bush from thirst, they were guided by an iguana who climbed a baobab tree and quenched its thirst from the rainwater that had gathered in the hollow chamber of a baobab tree ("mbudaay-baak" or "ƥaak"). It was this animal that led them to a source of water in order to quench their thirst and from then on became the totem of this family. The legend went on to say that the ancestors of this family from then on had an extraordinary power resist death.
Following a famine and disease that had raveged their community, the ancestors of the Gareh Kareh matriclan stood away from the mortal remains in order to prevent the members of their matriclan suffering the same faith. Parents belonging to the other matriclans ("tim") went to pay their last respects to the dead. The Gareh Kareh matriclan who had a technique for resisting death applied their powers in order to prevent the deaths of other families. All of the eldest sons of the Gareh Kareh family organized a procession from the entrance of the family home to the burial chambers in order to bar death's entry. Four times (the number 4 — symbol of the masculine world in Serer—numbers and symbolism) for a man and three times for a woman (the number 3 — symbol of the feminine world in Serer—numbers and symbolism), they performed this displacement carrying in their hands the stick of the "Nduy" tree (proper : "Ndo'oy", variant : "Ndooy" — detarium senegalense) which they began hitting together in syncopation. On the last lap, they hit the roof of a burial chamber with the stick to prevent the disease that had killed their father from another matriclan from committing further havoc in the family. The split of the two matriclans occurred after the famine. During the famine, a Kareh Kareh woman asked for help, which was granted but with contempt and humiliation. One day, a donor Kareh Kareh sent a little girl carrying a calabash, and said : 
Having been called a "little thing", the group seceded and declared that their matriclan would henceforth be known as "Rik". The term "Rik" means ""the little thing"". This remark is a derogatory remark, made in reference to the other family members but not necessarily directed at the little girl who was of the other matriclan (what became the "Rik").
In Ndut classical teachings, both matriclans are criticized. There is a special circumcision song which stigmatizes the poverty of the Rik and the avarice of the Gareh Kareh "in one quatrain without concession" :
In serer :
Translation :
Jolax.
Like the Gareh Kareh, the Jolax (var : "Diolah", singular : "Colax" ) is one of the old Serer matriclans. Unlike the Gareh Kareh though, this matriclan is one of the most feared according to Serer legend because of their long involvement in the occult and the supernatural powers to use undesirable magic if they find the need to do so.
Their totem is the African sparrow. It is from this animal that they take their name from — "Jolax" (sparrow). It is reported that this matriclan does not appear to have many members. As of 1983, only 375 people are reported to be members of this matriclan, mostly concentrated in the arrondissement of Ñakhar (in Senegal). The Jolax along with the Siañ', Pedior and Taa'boor clans are classified as part of the Coofaan group (var : "Tiofane" or "Tiofan").
Simala.
The Simala are one of the three main Serer matriclans, the other two being "Fatik" and "Koyeh" (var : "Koyé"). The Simala are also usually referred to as the ""men of the sea"." What is known about this matriclan comes from the Serer oral tradition. According to the tradition, the ancestors of this clan were the Serers of Kaabu. Their ancestors came from Kaabu by sea. Having negotiated the rivers of Kaabu to the sea, they skirted the Atlantic coast around the north, just to the Saloum Delta. From their, they headed to the "marigot" of Simal — the upstream of N'Dangane. It is there they decided to settle and founded the village of Simal in the rias bend. Their earliest descendants later spread to the pre-colonial Kingdom of Sine, living around the "Fatik", just to the north of the city of Fatick. The Simala and their allies ("maasir") collectively make up the densest of all the "tim" in terms of population spread. Around Sagne in Senegal, they collectively represent 43.29% of the total population, and in Ñakhar Arrondissement, about 20.81% (1983 estimates). However, the Simala are not well represented in the north of Sine. In the Kingdom of Baol, where they are also present, their clan is called "Rada Rada". The totem of this family is the black snake ("Saamaand"). This matrilineal family who live by fishing, have an old tie to the sea. Their ancestors used to worship the sea, which many of them they still do. Tradition dictates that, the death of a Simala brings common cold.
Fatik.
There are various branches of the Fatik (or "Fatick") matriclan which spread from the Kingdom of Sine to Saloum and beyond (see below —: Siañ, Xuter, Siwaña & Fata Fata). Like the Simala, it is one of the principal Serer matriclans. The city of Fatick in Senegal, and the region by the same name derive their names from the Serer term ""Fati Ubadik"" - which means ""we have more to go"."
Siañ, Xuter, Siwaña & Fata Fata.
These four matriclans are of the same family. They are called by different names depending on which part of Serer country one finds oneself in. In the Kingdom of Sine, they are called "Siañ"; in the Kingdom of Baol, they are called "Xuter"; in the Petite Côte, they are referred to as "Siwaña" or "Fata Fata". The name "Fata Fata" is commonly found in scholarly works. As a group, their narrative is found within the legend of Siañ, which posits that, the animal totem of their clan is the pelican. The Siwaña and Fata Fata used to belong to the same matriclan. Division of this matriclan occurred when their ancestors started to quarrel over a fish (mullet to be exact, called ""a carox"" in Serer). Having divided the fish among themselves, they then separated forever, hence the different names. Their custom dictates that, members of this matriclanare prohibited from eating any part of the "Njenje" tree (erythrina senegalensis — part of erythrina), whose leaves can lead to a nervous breakdown among this clan, according to their beliefs. Collectively, their total number in Niakhar as of 1983 is reported to be 1590, making them the sixth most important Serer matriclan in terms of numerical strength. Along with their totem, the Siwaña are also prohibited from touch the Nile monitor lizard ("cas").
The Fata Fata are also referred to as "Pata Fata" (var : "Patafata"), "Pata Pata" or "Patik". The "Patik" matriclan founded the village of Ñirohmol, now practically a deserted village of Diokoul in the Serer pre-colonial Kingdom of Saloum. As with some Serer matriclans, the Patik are referred to by different names depending on region. Among the Serer Niominka (a sub-group of the Serers) of Gandoul, this matriclan is referred to as Pata Pata. In other parts of Serer country such as Boyard, Dioffior and Fadial, the matriclan is called "Fatick" or "Fatik". The Pata Fata invokes the myth of the heroine Bandé Nambo (var : Bande Ñambo), herself affiliated to the Pata Pata or Pata Fata (i.e. Fata Fata) matriclan. These are terms used by the Serers of Saloum to designate the Fatik matriclan (of Sine)
Bande Ñambo was a member of the Serer patrilineage Sarr and the matrilineage Pata Fata. She was not the founder of this matriclan but one of the Serer matriarchs. She is regarded as a princess or founder of Gandun. Whilst the Simala matriclan are associated with the sea, the Pata Fata are regarded as the masters of salines ("fata").
Koyeh.
The Koyeh (var : "Koyé" or "Koyer") make up the third of the main three matriclans. They are generally referred to as the ""men of rushes"". As of 1983, the Koyeh, Fatik and Simila collectively make up 20.81% of the residents of Ñakhar Arrondisement.
Cegandum & Kagaw.
The historical narrative of the "Cegandum" (var : "Tiégandoum", plural : "Jegandum") and "Kagaw" (plural : "Gagaw") is found within the hermeneutics of Serer religion and traditions. They are believed by many to be two of the proto-Serer matriclans. The major elements of the historical narrative of these two is summarized as follows :
The legend of Cegandum & Kagaw.
The "Cegandum" matriclan used to lived with the "Kagaw". One day a famine broke out. Two members of these matriclans travelled a long distance (accomapanying each other) in search of food. Due to hunger and fatigueness, the Cegandum fell to the ground and was unable to move. The Kagaw clan member was powerless to help his companion because there was no food within the vecinity. He laid his companion down and begged him to wait whilst he go and look for food. Having walked some distance away from the sight of his companion, he cut a piece of his thigh muscle, made himself a fire, cooked the human flesh and took it to his companion (the Cegandum) to eat. The Cegandum ate it without knowing he was eating a human flesh. Having recovered his strength, they both carried off walking. Having walked some distance, the Kagaw began to lose blood and suddenly collapsed. The Cegandum asked him what the problem was and the Kagaw replied in the following terms :
The Cegandum was unable to save his companion from his condition. At this moment, Roog, the supreme deity in Serer religion, intervened, and opened the heaveans. A heavy rain befell. This holy water not only nourished them but also healed the wound of the Kagaw. From that day on, Serer oral tradition generally refer to the Gagaw matriclan as "Fog Roog", an endering term meaning kindred and friends of Roog. Although Roog has no cousins or parents, Serer religion and oral tradition lends support to the closeness between the Gagaw clan and the Divine. They both posit that, "the Gagaw matriclan were the first worshippers of Roog and the first to possess supernatural powers to perform miracles." They went on to say that, "the day the entire Gagaw clan die, rainfall will no longer be plentiful." The Jegandum have two totems : a type of snake called "Cocom" in Serer, and the striped—bull ("Mbac"). They are also prohibited from working on Sundays but this is believed to be a recent addition. In the arrondissement of Ñakhar, at least 1744 and 2050 inhabitants are reported to members of the Jegandum and Kagaw matriclan respectively (1983 figures).
Although the Cegandum and Kagaw narrative is well enshrined in Serer religion and tradition, a different matriclan known as Bagadu or Bagadou in Serer, and more commonly referred to as Wagadou (or Wagadu) brings a different dimension to the well established narrative. According to the advocates of the Bagadou matriclan, the historical adventure following the famine was between a Kagaw and a Bagadou (and not a Cegandum). However, this is not the generally accepted view. The Bagadou matriclan were a maternal dynasty in Serer and Senegambian medieval dynastic history (see "Wagadou & Jaafun" below). They have no significance in Serer religion. By trying to associate the Bagadou with the Kagaw, it is merely regarded as attempting to bestow religious legitimacy to the Bagadous. However, it is suggested that, the three matriclans Kagaw, Cegandum and Bagadou are allies.
Joofaan.
This matriclan is linked to an early ancestor from the Joof family, and at Faoye (in Senegal), it is still the members from the Joof patrilineage who are the head of this matriclan (as of 2002). Like their Lamanic paternal ancestor who is associated with a Serer saint — i.e. the justicer Fangool—Lunguñ Joof, this matriclan is also revered in Serer religion, in particular, through the Serer Pangool. Although the "Fangool" Ngolum Joof (another "Fangool" from this family) is one of those ancient Pagool requiring a blood sacrifice (i.e. cattle), the totem of this matriclan forbids a blood sacrifice.
Soos.
The origin of this clan is Mandé. For several centuries (i.e. from the medieval era) this matriclan formed as much alliances with many Serer matriclans as it possibly could, through marriage.
The Soos (or "Sos") have become so "Sererized" and assimilated that most facets of their Mandé origin has been lost. The Soos assimilation to Serer culture is regarded by some scholars as sheer evidence of strong Serer culture. However, the Soos are few of those matriclans who became Serer through marriage, yet, held in high esteem especially in the Serer oral tradition. The Soos are one of the most well known Serer matriclans. For several centuries, they have formed a permanent fixture in Serer culture and country. According to their tradition, a Soos is prohibited from touching a partridge ("ceбel" in Serer) or the Nile monitor lizard ("cas" in Serer).
Peƴoor.
The Peƴoor matriclan is one of the old Serer matriclans who are believed to have held sacred powers especially over the environment, in particular marine life. It is suggested that, this matriclan held great economic power right until the Guelowars' arrival in Sine (in 1335). The Peƴoor matriclan acquired substantial estate in Serer country especially in Sine. Forest burning in order to acquire estates ("day" or "lamanat") was very common among this family. According to Serer tradition, this matriclan are believed to be "masters of fire and rain", roles primarily reserved for the ancient Lamanes or Lamanic class and the Saltigues respectively. This makes them one of few if not the only matriclan who are associated with "mastery of fire and land" which are usually associated with the Lamanes, themselves considered the masters of the Earth, inherited through the patrilineal line. The tradition went on to say that, the presence of a clan member would activate a fire and the rain would accompany his death, which only their priests ("yaal pangol") can stop.
Caxanora.
Somewhat linked to the Peƴoor matriclan, the proto-Caxanora matriclan (variations : "Caxanoora" or "o Tahanora") are afforded supernatural powers in Serer mythology and legend. According to their myth, they were once believed to possess the power to command the sea and fish at Fadiouth and south of the Palmarin, where they are still present. Their priests were required to take a plunge to the river in order to make offerings to the Fangool "Mama Ngec" who resides in the arms of the sea of Joal and Fadiouth. This custom is still practice by the high priests of this clan. Mama Ngec, the supernatural entity, is ritually venerated in order to increase fishing or in times of drought. Like the Gareh Kareh and Rik (see above), a Caxanora is forbidden from touching a savannah monitor (it is totemic).
The Caxanoras are related to the "Pufun" matriclan as well as the Coofaan clan of Saloum. They are regarded as the same clan. They merely branched out and adopted different names. Whilst the death of a Simala brings common cold according to the Serer myth, the death of a Caxanora leads to dying fish spread along the shorelines.
Wagadou & Jaafun.
The Wagadous (Serer : "Bagadou", other variations "Wagadu" or "Ougadou") originally came from the Kingdom of Wagadou in the early medieval era, affiliated to King Kaya Magan Cissé whose descendants went on to establish the Ghana Empire (see Soninke people). The Wagadou princesses were married off to the Serer nobility such as the Joof family etc., and they joinly ruled the Kingdom of Baol along with other Senegambian pre-colonial states. By 1350, the Wagadou Maternal Dynasty collapsed in many Serer countries especially in Sine. However, they continued to rule in many parts of Senegambia including Baol and Cayor. The mother of the first "true" Damel of Cayor — Amari Ngoneh Sobell Faal (or Amari Ngoné Sobel Fall) was a Wagadou. Her name was Lingeer Ngoneh Sobell Njie (from the Njie family). Like the Guelowars (see below), this matriclan was assimilated to Serer culture through marriage.
The Wagadous of Sine are related to the "Lokam" matriclan of Joal and the "Wagan" (Serer proper : "Waagaan") clan of Saloum. Though the Lokam and Wagan clan take their names from the Serer language, they are usually regarded as the same clan or extended relatives of the Wagadous. The Wagadous hold no importance in Serer ancient history, mythology or religion (see the legend of Cegandum & Kagaw" above), however, they form a major part of Serer medieval and dynastic history. Boulègue postulates that, the Jaafuns (Serer proper : "Jaafuñ", other variation : "Diafoune") are Soninkes and thus linked to the Wagadous. He went on to speculate that they (the Jaafuns) may have taken their name from the Soninke state of Jaafunu, located in the south-west of Wagadu, founded by a son of the founder of Wagadou in the medieval era.
Although both have no significance in term of Serer religion or mythology, in Serer country, they have adopted as their family totem the Mbos or Mboosé tree, one of the sacred trees enshrined in Serer cosmogony and Ndut classical teachings. The Jaafuns, like their Wagadou relatives are one of the medieval Serer matriclans with strong royal ties especially to the Kingdom of Baol where they married the Serer patrilineages who ruled by the Serer title Teigne.
Joos.
The Joos Maternal Dynasty originated from the Serer pre-colonial Kingdom of Sine. The earliest recorded ancestor of the Joos clan is Lingeer Fatim Beye (c. 1335). Her grand daughter — Lingeer Ndoye Demba established this dynasty in Waalo in the 14th century (c. 1367) after she was married off to the king of Waalo — Brak Caaka Mbaar. The Joos Dynasty of Waalo lasted for nearly 600 years, and collapsed in 1855, the year Waalo fell to the French. The Joos as a matriclan goes back to Lamanic times.
Guelowar.
The Guelowars were originally from the Kingdom of Kaabu. They were allegedly defeated by the powerful Ñaanco Maternal Dynasty at the so-called Battle of eignebang in 1335, an alleged dynastic war between the royal houses of Guelowar and Ñaanco. In reporting this tradition, Henry Gravrand did not notice that this is actually a description of the 1867 (or 1865) Battle of Kansala although the departure of the Guelowar can probably be explained by a war or a conflict of succession. After their defeat tradition says that they escaped from Kaabu, the country of their birth, and went to Sine where they were granted asylum by the Serer council of Lamanes. The Guelowar women were married off to the Serer nobility and they assimilated to Serer culture and traditions. These royal marriages created the Guelowar Maternal Dynasty of Sine and Saloum which lasted for 600 years (1350 — 1969 in Sine, and 1493 — 1969 in Saloum). Some sources suggests that, Yembe Kame Guélaware is the matriarch or earliest known maternal ancestor of this matriclan. Yembe Kame Guélaware was a Queen Consort ("Maisata") of Bala Diakha - a medieval king (Mansa) of one of the provinces of Kaabu. The year of reign for Bala Diakha and Yembe Kame Guélaware is uncertain, but they are believed to have preceded Mansa Tiramakan Traore (one of Sundiata Keita's generals in the 13th century, c. 1235) who later conquered Kaabu. Other sources suggests they were the maternal descendants of princess Tenemba. In Serer medieval history to the present, the Guelowars are regarded as the last of the Serer matriclans. Unlike the proto-Serer matriclans who hold religious significance and enshrined in Serer legend, the Guelowars are merely viewed as the last maternal dynasty in Serer kingdoms but hold no religious significance in Serer religion or legend. Any link between the Serers and Guelowars prior to the Battle of Troubang is suggested to have taken place in Kaabu between the ancestors of the Serers of Kaabu and ancestors of the Guelowars.
Mouïoy.
The Mouïoy (many variations : "Mooyoy" or "Moyoy") are one of the oldest Serer matriclans. In the Middle Ages, they were one of the rivals of the Wagadous. The Mouïoy prominence came later especially in Cayor and Baol. Some of the earliest Damels of Cayor were Mouïoys (16th century). Deche Fou Njoogu (father of Amari Ngoneh Sobell) is credited as the first Damel, albeit his short reigne (1549, died the same year) was a Mouïoy and so was Biram Yassin Boubou (var : Biram Yacine Boubou, reigned : c. 1664 - 1681) and Ma Fali Gaye (reigned : c. 1683* - 1684) who was assassinated in 1884. From 1549 following the Battle of Danki to 1697 following the rise of the Geej Maternal Dynasty of Cayor and Baol, the Mouïoys were one of the dominant maternal dynasties of these two countries at least during this period.
The legend of the Mouïoy brothers.
According to Serer oral tradition, the first Mouïoys were two brothers of noble birth, the eldest of which was destined to become a king. However in his youth, he (the eldest) killed a man from a foreign family. In that distance past, Serer religious law dictates that a murderer must pay with blood for his action or in certain cases, deliver himself or a family member to the victims family to work in servitude if that is the will of the victim's family in a murder hearing for the purposes of tort. The killer failed to deliver himself to the grieving family. As he had no one to deliver other than his younger brother, the young man was delivered to the victim's family. Instead of the victim's family killing the young man, he was held in servitude for his older brother's deed. Without rest, the young man was required to work all day, and at night, he was chained in the most inhabitable hut. He spent most of his youth in servitude.
The Serer tradition is silent on whether this foreign family were royals from a foreign land or not. However, it did went on to say that when the older brother took power in the country and became the king, he thought about liberating his younger brother, and accordingly, organized a great army to liberate him from servitude. The younger brother was successfully liberated and brought back to the palace. However, the stigma of servitude especially for a royal prince was unpalatable for the Serer community of that era, and he was regarded as nothing more than a liberated serf in spite of his royal blood. Therefore, the ambition of becoming a king one day was unlikely. As such, the younger brother's altered his royal ambitions from kingship to becoming a member of local government or even a military commander. He settled near the palace in order to part take in constitutional affairs as much as he was possibly allowed. A man who was gifted with wisdom and supernatural powers became the father of two Mouïoys. This man, regarded as the "Tokoor" of the clan, had before his death hidden a secret talisman in a special place within the palace so no one can gain access to it and reveal the powers contained therein. Due to an influx of visitors to the palace, the older brother took the charms to his younger brother for safe keeping. As such, the younger brother became the guardian of the family's secrets. Before going to a military campaigne, the king (the elder brother) would slip the secret charms (rooster) in his younger brother's case for sacred washing and divination consulations. The younger brother who had gradually became a competent soothsayer was able to interpret the divination material. He used a pestle that he would place in equilibrium near the sacred places. If it remains standing, that signifies that the omens were favorable. If on the hand it drops, that signifies bad omen as it means that the king would not only suffer a severe defeat in war, but would also be killed in battle. The young brother's newly acquired powers earned him great respect and favour at least in his older brother's eyes. However, the esteem and respect afforded to him by his older brother was not matched by the Serer community of that era, who still regarded him as a liberated serf. When his elder brother died, not only was he barred from succeeding his late brother, but his entire descendants were barred from ascending to the throne. He "languished in grief" and later died. The Mouïoys that later ruled parts of the Senegambia Region were not from his direct line.
Beye.
Beye (also "Bey" or "Bèye" following its French spelling in Senegal) is both a Serer surname as well as a Serer matriclan. This matriclan gained particular prominence in Cayor and Baol (who ruled by the titles Damel and Teigne respectively) especially in the later part of the 17th century. They were more successful in Baol than in Cayor where they provided one Damel by the name of Dé Tialao - the blind king who tried to conceal his physical disability but was later found out and deposed (reigned : 1693 — 1697). The demise of this maternal dynasty was not merely due to the discrimination of Dé Tialao, but also coincided with the introduction of a new maternal dynasty of Cayor and Baol (the establishment of the Geej Maternal Dynasty).
Geej.
The Geej (many variations : "Guedj" or "Gedj") matriclan gained prominence in the late 17th century. The Serer princess —Lingeer Ngoneh Jaye (var : Ngoné Dièye) of the Jaye family of Saloum was the mother of Damel–Teigne Latsoukabe Ngoneh Faal (the king of Cayor and Baol). Having battled against his paternal half brothers and cousins, this king (Latsoukabe) introduced the Geej clan (his own matriclan) to his realm, thus making it the reigning maternal dynasty of both Cayor and Baol. From 1697 to the late 19th century (the period both countries fell to the French), the Geej was the main reigning maternal dynasty of these countries. This matriclan has provided several Senegambian kings including Lat Jorr Ngoneh Latir Jobe, one of the better known kings of 19th century Senegambian royalty.
The Geej family of Cayor and Baol are related to the Soos family of Sine and Saloum, the country of their birth. They are usually regarded as extended relatives.
Gaanguuna.
The Gaanguuna (sing : "O Kaanguuna") are most numerous in Sine and make up the fifth largest matriclan in Niakhar Arrondissement. According to their family legend and history, they claim descent from an ancient and invisible power — "Kangeer", one of the Pangool in Serer religion. The Gaanguuna clan are responsible for the Kangeer sacrifices to the ancient royal Lingeer (queen) who is reported to have bursted at the time of her death without pouring blood. Kangeer, who was an ancient queen and canonized as Pangool, is one of the most respected and venerated Pangool in Diakhao in Sine as well as the more ancient localities such as Fa Yil (also in the Sine), where this clan are also present. This matriclan precides over the religious affairs and sacrifices to the cult of Kangeer.
Other matriclans.
The following are some of the other major matriclans : 
Alliances ("Maasir").
Alliances ("maasir") between matriclans which are historical in nature was, and still is prevalent. Some of the most well known matrilineal alliances are given below. :
Surnames of matriclans.
The Serer people do not carry the surnames of their matriclans but they know them. The following table gives some of the matriclans, their totemic observances / myths and surnames :
List of matriarchs.
The following is a list of known Serer matriarchs or dynasty founders. Those who are known to be queens, queen mothers or royal princess are prefixed with the royal title Lingeer :
Saying.
Like the reverence held for the most ancient—Serer patriarchs ("Mam o Kor"), the reverence for Serer matriclans is also preserved in the following popular saying in pre-colonial Sine :
The 1983 Ñakhar project.
The 1983 Ñakhar project was a collaborative effort by various scholars and institutions such as Charles Becker, Léonce Crétois, Henry Gravrand, Victor Martin, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, etc., to research and document the Serer matriclans of Niakhar or Ñakhar arrondissement in Senegal. Ñakhar was chosen particularly because it is one of those Serer countries where the Serer religion is dominant, unpenetrated by Islam or Christianity. It is also a place rich in Serer traditions, itself located in the Fatick Region which houses many of the Serer holy sites. The scope of the project included the documentation of the "Tim" in this Senegalese arrondissement, population and demographic spread, and the mythology associated with the clans, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36708734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708734" title="Nibaran Chandra Laskar">
Nibaran Chandra Laskar

Prof Nibaran Chandra Laskar (born February 1908) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress. He was elected to the Lok Sabha lower house of the Parliament of India from the Cachar constituency Assam in 1952 and 1957. Laskar was also a member of the Constituent Assembly of India.

</doc>
<doc id="36708740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708740" title="Don Watts">
Don Watts

He competed at the 1962 Commonwealth Paraplegic Games in Perth, Western Australia. In swimming, he won a silver medal in the Men's 50 m Breaststroke Class D. In table tennis, he won a silver medal in the Men's Doubles Class C. At the 1968 Tel Aviv Games, he completed in four swimming events and won silver medals in the Men's 50 m Breaststroke Class 3 and Men's 100 m Freestyle Open. He also competed in table tennis. 

</doc>
<doc id="36708753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708753" title="U.S. Palestrina 1919">
U.S. Palestrina 1919

Unione Sportiva Palestrina 1919 is an Italian association football club, based in Palestrina but playing in the "San Basilio" district of Rome, Lazio. The club currently plays in Serie D.
History.
San Basilio Palestrina.
The club was founded in 2012 after the obtaining of the sports title of Serie D club U.S. Palestrina 1919, based in Palestrina. The owners of the company are "Augusto Cristofari", its former President, together with other entrepreneurs Roman.
U.S. Palestrina 1919.
In the summer 2013 the club changed its name back to U.S. Palestrina 1919.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are white and red.
Stadium.
It plays at the Centro Sportivo Francesca Gianni, Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36708757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708757" title="Chankapāna">
Chankapāna

Background.
On April 13, 2012, Johnny & Associates added a timer to their official website, which counted down to the date April 15. When the timer reached the number four on the minute and second dials, the color of the number would alternate, in order, from purple, green, yellow, and pink. When the timer reached zero, a silhouette of four individuals appeared on the website. This led to speculation regarding the return of NEWS.
On June 8, 2012, it was announced that NEWS would be releasing "Chankapāna" on July 18. The title of the song, which describes the love between a man and a woman, was compared to an exotic name of a woman. "Chankapāna" was labeled as a dance-pop song, which was accompanied with a catchy hook. "Chankapāna" is the first single released since the departure of Tomohisa Yamashita and Ryo Nishikido from the group.
Composition.
"Chankapāna" was written by Hacchin' Maya, composed by Heroism, and arranged by Chokkaku. "Full Swing" was written and composed by Heroism, and arranged by Seiji Kameda; "Starry" was written by Keiichiro Koyama, composed by Heroism, and arranged by Naoki Otsubo. "Vampire wa Kakukatariki" was written by Shigeaki Kato, and composed and arranged by Ryosuke Nakanishi. "PeekaBoo..." was written by Ryohei, composed by Chris Meyer, and arranged by Junji Chiba. "Addict" was written and composed by Yuya Tegoshi, and arranged by Masaya Suzuki.
Release and promotion.
"Chankapāna" was released on July 18, 2012, in six editions: a CD-only edition, which includes "Full Swing"; limited editions N, E, W, and S, which include Keiichiro Koyama's solo "Starry", Shigeaki Kato's solo "Vampire wa Kakukatariki" and the long version music video "Chankapāna" and the music video making, Takahisa Masuda's solo "PeekaBoo...", and Yuya Tegoshi's solo "Addict", respectively; a limited box set edition which includes all four solo songs by the members. NEWS performed "Chankapāna" on TV Asahi's "Music Station" on July 27, 2012.
Chart performance.
"Chankapāna" debuted at number one on the weekly Oricon singles charts, selling 244,710 copies in its first week. It was the first time in three years that the group sold over 200,000 copies of a single since the release of "Koi no ABO" in 2009. It has charted for three weeks and was certified platinum by the RIAJ for shipping 250,000 copies, and has sold over 272,000 copies in Japan. On the issue dated July 23, 2012, the song debuted at number 90 on the "Billboard" Japan Hot 100. The following week, the song topped the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36708808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708808" title="2012 Nehru Cup squads">
2012 Nehru Cup squads

The following was a list of squads for each nation competing the 2012 Nehru Cup in New Delhi, India. The tournament began on 23 August.
Squads.
India.
Coach: Wim Koevermans
Cameroon.
Coach: Emmanuel Ndoumbe Bosso
Nepal.
Coach: Krishna Thapa
Maldives.
Coach: István Urbányi
Syria.
Coach: Marwan Khouri

</doc>
<doc id="36708812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708812" title="John Woolley (sport shooter)">
John Woolley (sport shooter)

Lawrence John (John) Woolley (born 1950) is a sport shooter from New Zealand who has represented New Zealand at three Olympic Games and four Commonwealth Games. 
At the 1976 Summer Olympics at Montreal he came 26th in the skeet. 
At the 1978 Commonwealth Games at Edmonton he came first in the skeet for a gold medal. 
At the 1982 Commonwealth Games at Brisbane he came first in the skeet for a gold medal, and 4th in the skeet pair. 
At the 1984 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles he came 26th in the skeet. 
At the 1986 Commonwealth Games at Edinburgh he came 4th in the skeet, and 3rd in the skeet pair for a bronze medal.
At the 1988 Summer Olympics at Seoul he came 33rd in the Olympic Skeet. 
At the 1990 Commonwealth Games at Auckland he came 5th in the skeet, and 3rd in the skeet pair for a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36708867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708867" title="Common ingroup identity">
Common ingroup identity

The common ingroup identity model is a theoretical model proposed by Samuel L. Gaertner and John F. Dovidio that outlines the processes through which intergroup bias may be reduced. Intergroup bias is a preference for one’s in-group over the out-group. Derived from the social identity approach to intergroup behaviour, the common ingroup identity model is rooted in the process of social categorization, or how people conceive of group boundaries. The model describes how intergroup bias can be reduced if members of different groups can be induced to conceive of themselves to be part of the same group, then they would develop more positive attitudes of the former outgroup members. An individual will change the way they view the out-group through a social categorization process called recategorization where former out-group members become incorporated into individual’s representations of the in-group.
Aspects of the model.
The common identity group model identifies the potential causes and outcomes of the recategorization process that changes an individual’s common ingroup identity. The model assumes that intergroup bias reflects in-group favoritism rather than outgroup derogation. In the model, Gaertner describes the behavior, emotional and social interactions between the group members to be the start of the recategorization process, or the causes (see Figure 1). The outcomes or consequences of those cognitive and motivational processes then changes an individual’s attitude to be more positive toward the outgroup. The model also includes representational mediators, or the recategorization processes that change the way we view the group. An example representational mediator would be the recategorization of an individual’s ingroup and the outgroup from “us” and “them” to “we.”
The causal factors (left) in the model are proposed to influence members’ cognitive representations of the whole group. The cognitive representations of an individual such as whether they perceive themselves as one group or two subgroups within one group will then affect the specific cognitive, affective and behavioral consequences (right). The causal factors of the model influences an individual’s cognitive representation (center) of their memberships to their ingroup and outgroup that consequently mediate the relationship.
Development of the Model.
Although, social categorization usually occurs spontaneously on the basis of proximity, similarities, or even shared fate, it is not completely uncontrollable or unalterable. The common ingroup identity group model harnesses the forces of how we categorize ourselves into social groups and redirects it towards the elimination of intergroup bias with recategorization. Recategorization encourages the members of both groups to consider themselves as belonging to a common superordinate group. Furthermore, recategorization does not require an individual to reject their original subgroup identity in favor of the new inclusive group identity. Rather, a dual identity may be present, whereby individuals view themselves as members of different groups working towards the same goals.
According to the model, different types of intergroup interdependence and cognitive, perceptual, affective, linguistic, and environmental factors, can either independently or in concert, alter individual’s cognitive representations of the aggregate. In essence, these factors may indirectly reduce intergroup bias by facilitating a transformation of members’ perceptions of group boundaries from ‘us’ and ‘them’ to a more inclusive ‘we’. Furthermore, a common ingroup identity can be directly attained by increasing the salience of existing common superordinate memberships (e.g. a team, a school, a company, a nation) or categories (e.g. students) or by introducing factors that are shared by the memberships (i.e. common goals or fate). From this view, features specified by Allport’s (1954) contact hypothesis, such as cooperative interaction, equal status and egalitarian norms, reduce intergroup bias by providing an environment which assists in transforming individual’s perceptions of group boundaries from two groups to one more inclusive group.
Theoretically, attaining a common ingroup identity results in reduced intergroup bias because group membership is drawn at a more inclusive level. Consequently, the cognitive and motivational processes that usually generate positive feelings towards ingroup members are therefore extended or redirected to former outgroup members because of their recategorized ingroup status. The existence of a common ingroup identity does not require individuals to reject their original subgroup identity in favour of the new inclusive identity.
Research.
A large body of research in meaningful ‘real-world’ contexts lends support to the applicability of the common ingroup identity model. In a diverse range of intergroup situations, it has been demonstrated that the conditions specified by the contact hypothesis (i.e. cooperative interaction) reduce intergroup bias through transforming members’ representations of separate group memberships to one inclusive group. These findings have been demonstrated among diverse groups including students attending a multiethnic high school, banking executives who had experienced a corporate merger, and in recently formed stepfamilies. Furthermore, studies have demonstrated that individuals express more positive attitudes towards racial outgroups when a common, superordinate identity is made salient. In a field experiment conducted at the University of Delaware football stadium, interviewers (either White or Black) approached White football fans wearing either a home team hat (the common ingroup identity condition) or an away team hat (the control condition). Football fans complied with Black interviewers more when the interviewer was wearing the home team hat, suggesting that (Black) outgroup members were treated more favourably when they were perceived to share a more inclusive common ingroup identity.
Early studies of the common ingroup identity model conducted by Gaertner and Dovidio analyzed how the degree of differentiation between groups influences representation of groups and intergroup attitudes. In one study, the effect of physical seating arrangements to the degree which two groups perceive themselves as one unit was examined. Two groups of four participants (AAAA and BBBB) met in separate rooms to discuss a solution to a problem and then convened around an octagonal table as one group. The seating arrangements were configured in a segregated (AAAABBBB), partially integrated (AABABBAB), or fully integrated pattern (ABABABAB). Results indicated that participants who experienced greater integrated seating experienced the merger as one unit and exhibited less ingroup bias. Similarly, relative value of members’ contribution to the solution, ratings of friendliness between and within subgroups, and confidence in the merged group’s solution increased with greater seat integration. Participants who regarded the aggregate group as one entity perceived the group as more cooperative, democratic, pleasant, close, and successful than participants who viewed the aggregate group as two units. These results suggest manipulation of seating arrangements changes group representations and influenced group bias.
Criticism.
Criticism for the common ingroup identity model primarily questions the long term effectiveness of the approach proposed in the model. The potential of a common ingroup identity to facilitate helping naturalistic groups with history of conflict was tested at a University football game. In this experiment, salient superordinate and subgroup identities were demonstrated to increase behavioral compliance with request for assistance from a person of different race, as explained above. However, the reduction in bias is only shown to occur for a temporary period of time.
In a laboratory experiment, racial outgroup members sharing common superordinate identity was explored. The results demonstrate that evaluations of the White partner were equivalent for the team and individual conditions. However, the evaluations of the Black partner were significantly more positive in the team condition than the individual condition. Additionally, the evaluation of the Black partner in the team condition was even more favorable than the evaluation of the White partner. These results indicate racial outgroup members sharing common identity were treated particularly positively relative to other conditions, but does not demonstrate how long the common identity is kept.
Applications.
Educational exposure has been shown to decrease social dominance orientation and symbolic racism. Increased levels of educational exposure have been shown to lead to decreased levels of group dominance orientation among different university majors and to decreased levels of blatant and subtle ethnic prejudice. Because students see themselves as part of a superordinate group, other issues of sub group differences are attenuated.
Intergroup bias can be manifested as either traditional racism or aversive racism. For example, following the events of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, a great deal of controversy arose over the event and how relief was handled. On one hand, Blacks felt that relief was slow to come due to racism. A poll revealed that 60% of Blacks felt that relief was slow to come because the majority of New Orleans inhabitants and those affected were Black. On the other hand, Whites felt that the residents of New Orleans were to blame. In the same pole as mentioned above, only 12% of Whites felt that relief was slow to come because the victims were mainly Black. In a study conducted by Gruschow and Hong, recategorization was shown to change perceptions of prejudice towards the Black out-group. When Whites identified themselves as “American”, they were more prone to blame the victims of Hurricane Katrina for their predicament. When they identified themselves as “White American” or “European American”, they were less likely to blame the victims. For a majority of White Americans, the title “American” isn’t perceived as an inclusive title for all Americans (of which, minorities are surely included). By providing a dual identity in the “White/European American” identification, White Americans were able to view themselves as part of two groups, one of which, American (to include all Americans) was superordinate. Thus, intergroup bias was reduced by the recategorization of White Americans into the superordinate American group.
For many Americans, the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 served as a unifying experience. As the attacks came from outside the country, a salient out-group was created. Additionally, recategorization for a majority of Americans occurred in that they felt America as a whole was attacked; the attacks increased the salience of the perception that all Americans are members of a superordinate nation group. Thus, through recategorization, America as a whole became the new in-group and a different out-group was created. “In-group favoritism strengthened group cohesion, feelings of solidarity, and identification with the most emblematic values of the U.S. nation, while outgroup discrimination induced U.S. citizens to conceive the enemy (al-Qaeda and its protectors) as the incarnation of evil, depersonalizing the group and venting their anger on it, and to give their backing to a military response, the eventual intervention in Afghanistan”.
Recently, a study has shown that common in-group identity may have the potential to ease tense relations between religious groups. Muslims and Christians who identified with the common group of Abrahamic religions were more favorable towards the respective out-group. Yet, as the results showed, particularly religious fundamentalists were less inclined to agree with this common origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36708868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708868" title="Epaphroditinae">
Epaphroditinae

Epaphroditinae is a subfamily of mantis of the family Hymenopodidae. Epaphroditinae consists of one tribe, Phyllocranini and 4 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="36708872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708872" title="Schattenberg (Ore Mountains)">
Schattenberg (Ore Mountains)

The Schattenberg () is a wooded mountain southwest of Jugel and northeast of Hirschenstand (Jelení) in the western Bohemian Ore Mountains, which is 950 metres high. East of the mountain lies the 980-metre-high Scheffelsberg and to the north is the 973-metre-high Buchschachtelberg. These three mountains form the main crest in this part of the Ore Mountains.
A footpath runs immediately past the Schattenberg that, in winter, is used as a cross-country skiing trail.

</doc>
<doc id="36708875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708875" title="Dinedor Camp">
Dinedor Camp

Dinedor Camp is a Hill fort on Dinedor Hill, Dinedor, near Hereford in England.
Archaeological excavations have found material ranging from 1700 BCE to 1100 CE.

</doc>
<doc id="36708889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708889" title="Schattenberg">
Schattenberg

Schattenberg may refer to:
Schattenberg is also the surname of the following people:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="36708892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708892" title="Bijoy Chandra Bhagavati">
Bijoy Chandra Bhagavati

Bijoy Chandra Bhagavati (January 20, 1905 – May 8, 1997) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Tezpur Assam in 1957, 1962 and 1967. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36708906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708906" title="Little Niles">
Little Niles

Little Niles is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1958 and originally released on the United Artists label. The album was later released as part of a Blue Note compilation under the same title.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars, with the review by Scott Yanow stating: "Overall the music is advanced bop with a strong nod toward African music. Well worth searching for".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston"

</doc>
<doc id="36708907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708907" title="Scheffelsberg">
Scheffelsberg

The Scheffelsberg () is a forested mountain south of Jugel in the western Saxon Ore Mountains, which is 980 metres high. The Czech-German border runs over its summit.
In winter a cross-country skiing trail runs from Henneberg via the Scheffelsberg towards the border. In clear visibility there is a good view of the Saxon-Bohemian upper Ore Mountains from the nearby peak of Buchschachtelberg through the trees.

</doc>
<doc id="36708924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708924" title="Mary E. Moss Academy">
Mary E. Moss Academy

Mary E. Moss Academy is a public, alternative education program serving 9th and 10th grade students residing in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. Most Mary Moss students attend the school at student or parent request after extended suspension or expulsion.
Mission Statement.
The mission statement of Mary E.Moss Academy states:
Location.
Mary E. Moss Academy is located on the grounds of the former Crownsville Hospital, just off Rt. 178/Generals Hwy.
PBIS.
PBIS – or "Positive Behavioral Interventions & Supports" – is a school wide program that promotes positive behavior and academic improvement through targeted strategies. Mary E. Moss Academy has been a PBIS school since 2003. Students earn "MEMA" dollars for demonstrating respect for themselves, learning, others and property. They use the MEMAs they have earned to make purchases at the MEMA store once a week.

</doc>
<doc id="36708930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708930" title="Buchschachtelberg">
Buchschachtelberg

The Buchschachtelberg () is a forested mountain south of Henneberg in the western Saxon Ore Mountains, which is 973 metres high. The border between Germany and the Czech Republic runs over its summit.
Northwest of the Buchschachtelberg lies the Kleiner Kranichsee.
In winter a cross-country skiing trail runs past the Buchschachtelberg and via the Scheffelsberg from Henneberg towards the border. In clear visibility there is a good view from the Buchschachtelberg of the Saxon-Bohemian upper Ore Mountains.
West of the mountain runs the "Buchschachtelgraben" stream, on Czech territory.

</doc>
<doc id="36708940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708940" title="Lahore Leads University">
Lahore Leads University

Lahore LEADS University is an HEC recognized University, charter by Provincial Assembly of the Punjab vide its notification No. PAP-Legis-2(54)/2010/321 dated 22 January 2011. It has created a name for itself in the field of higher education in a short time period. Lahore Leads is one of the fast growing private Universities of Pakistan providing top-notch quality education having focus on academic excellence, innovation and up-to-date knowledge. Lahore LEADS University has purpose built campuses, State-of-the-art facilities, and a learning environment where we produce tomorrow’s leaders today.
LEADS Vision
"To prepare leaders in various fields through holistic development of individuals"
LEADS Mission
"Provide the best quality education through Up-to-date knowledge, appropriate learning strategies and enabling environment to prepare leaders for winning LEAD.""
Established in 1995 under the patronages of Leads Educator Welfare Trust, a non-profit trust for promoting education throughout the country. The educational trust aims to produce leaders for the nation through comprehensive expansion of individuals by providing quality education, brainstorming activities, experiential learning, ability to analyse thing with different school of thoughts keeping in mind the economic development of the country and for the better future of the nation. The Trust started its projects in education at all levels, entitled as, Leads School System, Leads Group of Colleges and Lahore Leads University. Lahore Leads University was granted degree awarding status in 22 January 2011. It has created a name for itself in the field of higher education in a short time period. Lahore Leads is one of the fast growing private Universities of Pakistan with diverse disciplines ranging from Business Administration and Engineering to the Arts and Social Sciences.
Lahore Leads is a comprehensive University with a reputation for innovative programs and cutting-edge research. At both campuses, our faculty, staff, programs, and services team up to provide an extensive range of learning choices and alternatives that offer an unbeatable combination of quality education at the undergraduate, graduate and post graduate levels.
Academics at LEADS
Lahore Leads University has diverse disciplines covering major fields. There are 16 departments with foreign faculty, dedicated labs, state of the art infrastructure and all related facility to foster academic excellence.
Lahore Leads University has various campuses – the main campus of 120 canals is located at Kamahaan Road near DHA phase v, Lahore, the city campus located at new garden town Lahore, the engineering campus is located near Thokar Niaz Baig in West Wood Colony, Lahore, Leads University also Accounts and Commerce campus, LUCCA near Mughal-e-Azam Fort whereas anthor campus is located at Naseerabad.
Bachelor Programs
Masters Programs
MS/M.Phil Programs
Life at LEADS
Library
Lahore Leads University has modern library with up-to-date facilities for students. Students have an access to thousands of books in libraries situated at every campus.
Placement bureau
The Placement bureauof Lahore Leads University is responsible for seeking internship and employment opportunities for its students and graduates.
Sports Department
The University recognizes the importance of sports in education. Various sports activities has been organized at Lahore Leads University and in collaboration with other institutions.
International Office
Lahore Leads University has established its International Office for managing, coordinating and providing services to students, academic & administrative personals.
We have collaborative with the following universities and many collaborations are still in process:
•CASR (Center for Advanced Studies & Research)
This department has an aim of fostering research related activities and environment. 
Within a very short time span, university has published more than 50 research papers in various HEC recognized ISI Journals and these numbers are growing rapidly.
•ORIC (Office of Research, Innovation & Commercialization)
The University has devoted significant attention to R&D and its commercialization. For this very reason, Office of research innovation and commercialization (ORIC) has been started under the directions of Higher Education Commission, Pakistan.
•QEC (Quality Enhancement Cell)
The prime objective of this cell is to evaluate and support excellence in performance in all areas of Education. The QEC has vision for sustaining and improving the quality of service delivery, in order to live up to the expectations of the stakeholders including students, teachers, parents, employers, and the society at large. 
Nation Development Program (NDP)
The purpose of the Nation Development Program (NDP) initiative is to extend the opportunities and benefits of quality higher education to endow the deserving students all over Pakistan and thereby become a truly society oriented national university working for socio- economic development of the country
This esteemed scholarship program focuses on identifying bright students with exceptional Matriculation and Intermediate results and inducting them into (LLU) Undergraduate Programs.
Merit Based Scholarship
Merit Scholarships are granted to the candidates seeking admission in BS degree programs at the time of admission
Following are the categories in which scholarships are granted
Merit Scholarship policy for Intermediate students:
1. Position holders in BISE Examination: Total Tuition-fee waiver.
2. 85% or above marks in BISE Examination: 75% tuition fee waiver.
3. 80%-84.99% marks in BISE Examination: 50% tuition fee waiver.
4. 75%-79.99% marks in BISE Examination: 25% tuition fee waiver.
Merit Scholarship policy for A-Level Students:
1. Three A's in A-Level: 50% Tuition fee waiver.
2. Two A's in A-Level: 25% Tuition fee waiver.
Merit Scholarship policy for Diploma holder students:
1. 85% or above marks in Board Examination: 50% tuition fee waiver.
2. 80%-84.99% marks in Board Examination: 25% tuition fee waiver.
Kinship Awards:
Brothers and sisters of Alumni as well as current students receive tuition fee waivers depending upon the number of their brothers and sisters who have studied or are currently enrolled in any degree program as followings:
1. Ist Kinship: 20% on Tuition Fee
2. 2nd Kinship: 30% on Tuition Fee
3. 3rd and above Kinship: 40% on Tuition Fee
Website Links:
Links to specific departmental web pages are as under:
Contact Information

</doc>
<doc id="36708941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708941" title="1996–97 Crystal Palace F.C. season">
1996–97 Crystal Palace F.C. season

During the 1996–97 English football season, Crystal Palace competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary.
Crystal Palace gained promotion to the Premier League after 1-0 win over Sheffield United at Wembley, David Hopkin scoring the winner in the 89th minute.
Results.
"Crystal Palace's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="36708944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708944" title="Notre Dame of Isulan">
Notre Dame of Isulan

Notre Dame of Isulan is a private school established in 1957 in Isulan, Sultan Kudarat run by the Archdiocese of Cotabato. It has been a member of the Notre Dame Educational Association, a group of Notre Dame Schools in the Philippines under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="36708949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708949" title="Confédération dahoméenne des travailleurs croyants">
Confédération dahoméenne des travailleurs croyants

Confédération dahoméenne des travailleurs croyants ('Dahomeyan Confederation of Believing Workers, abbreviated CDTC) was a national trade union centre in Dahomey. CDTC emerged from the Dahomeyan branch of "Confédération africaine des travailleurs croyants", which had been formed by the West African branches of the French trade union centre CFTC.
CDTC was affiliated to the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions, "Union panafricaine des travailleurs croyants" and the African Trade Union Confederation.
CDTC was banned through the government decree 494 P.R./M.A.I.S.D. on November 17, 1962 as the Dahomeyan government opted for a single-party system. The organization was, however, revived. As of 1966, the organization was estimated to have membership of around 1,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36708971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708971" title="Eugene Powell">
Eugene Powell

Eugene Powell is a South African rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 and 2000 World Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="36708986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36708986" title="Bairabi Dam">
Bairabi Dam

Bairabi Dam is a proposed 80 MW dam on the Tlawng river near Bairabi Village in Kolasib district in the state of Mizoram in India.
History.
Bairabi Hydel Project is a 120 MW Project initiated by Brig Ṭhenphunga Sailo during Mizoram People's Conference government. National Hydroelectric Power Corporation had started the survey and investigation of Detailed Project Implementation in 1982. NHPC prepared the feasibility reportd on the basis of field investigations which were completed in 1982-83. 
Due to the change in Government in 1984, the Congress Government led by Pu Lalthanhawla came to power, Techno-Economic Clearance, Forest & Environment Clearance was pursued but not successful, hence Bhramaputra Board was asked to reinvestigate and prepare a DIPR, who reduced the power project from 120 MW to 80 MW. 
The Mizo National Front Government under Pu Zoramthanga came to power in 2000, even though Techno-Economic Clearance and Forest Environment Clearances were received, but due to non availability of funds, no progress was made. 
The Congress Government led by Pu Lalthanhawla came back to power in 2008, A MoU was signed between the Government of Mizoram and Sikaria Power Ltd, Kolkata on 10 August 2012 out of which the State Government will receive 13% free and the remaining amount will be sold to the government.

</doc>
<doc id="36709000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709000" title="Playing God (2012 film)">
Playing God (2012 film)

Playing God was a 2012 BBC documentary in the "Horizon" series, hosted by Adam Rutherford. The documentary discusses synthetic biology, the potential of science "breaking down nature into spare parts" and then rebuilding it back up as we wish.
Summary.
The documentary discusses several examples. The documentary starts out by talking about genetically modified goats called "spider goat", synthesized by incorporating genes of a spider for silk production into goats. 

</doc>
<doc id="36709005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709005" title="Austria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Austria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Austria competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
Athletics.
Men
Women
Cycling.
Track.
Pursuit
Time Trial
Swimming.
Men
Women
Wheelchair tennis.
Men
Women
Table Tennis.
Men
Women

</doc>
<doc id="36709006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709006" title="Mohamed Raafat Shehata">
Mohamed Raafat Shehata

Major-General Mohamed Raafat Shehata Abdel Wahed is an Egyptian soldier and intelligence officer, who was Director of the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate (EGID) from September 2012 to July 2013. At the beginning of his career in the Intelligence Service he worked for the Egyptian Strategic Research Center.
Career.
Major-General Raafat Shehata is the former commander of the Republican Guard. He was said to have helped negotiate the prisoner swap deal between Hamas and Israel, including the release of imprisoned Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, in October 2011. He was undersecretary of EGID since early 2012, and appointed as acting director of the EGID by President Mohamed Morsi on 8 August 2012 after Murad Muwafi was sacked. On 18 September 2012, he was promoted as Egypt's new EGID director.
After the 2013 Egyptian coup, Raafat Shehata was replaced as EGID Director by Mohamed Ahmed Farid. He was appointed Counsellor of Security Affairs of the acting Egyptian President Adly Mansour.

</doc>
<doc id="36709009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709009" title="Manuel &quot;Flaco&quot; Ibáñez">
Manuel &quot;Flaco&quot; Ibáñez

Manuel "Flaco" Ibañez (born Manuel Ibáñez Martínez on October 17, 1946, in Acatlán de Pérez Figueroa, Oaxaca, Mexico) is a Mexican actor and comedian who has appeared in over 140 films and television shows.
Biography.
Manuel Ibáñez Martínez was born on October 17, 1946, the youngest of four children and the only male child in his family. His father was a day laborer who separated from the family shortly after his son was born. Because his mother had no career of her own, Ibáñez had to assist his family economically from a young age. His mother's brother, Domingo, assisted the family and provided Ibáñez with a much needed father figure during childhood.
After the death of his mother in 1968, Ibáñez started working as a photojournalist in a news agency that had been created by some of his friends. He was sent to cover the student movement of that year, but soon realized that he wanted to be a performer instead.
He enrolled under the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), and after competing in an oral poetry competition won a scholarship to study acting at the National Institute of Fine Arts and Literature in Mexico City.
Ibáñez has become one of the icons of Mexican comedy, thanks to his roles in such films as "Llegamos, los fregamos y nos fuimos", "Los peseros", "Los plomeros y las ficheras", "El rey de las ficheras", "La chica del alacrán de oro", and "Lagunilla mi barrio". He has worked with many well known actors, such as Carmen Salinas, Luis de Alba, Alfonso Zayas, Andrés García, Isela Vega, Rafael Inclán, Mario Almada, Sasha Montenegro and Agustín Bernal.
Women have been a major factor in his life, as evidenced by his five marriages. The first, when he was 24 years of age, gave him his first child, Miranda, but quickly ended in divorce. His current wife is Jacqueline Castro, with whom he has had two daughters, Tanya and Daniel. He is also the father of actress Daniela Ibañez.
Ibáñez teaches acting as part of the Centro de Capacitación Artística (CEA) ("Artistic Training Center") of the media company Televisa. He made his television writing debut on the 2005 sitcom "Vecinos" ("Neighbours"), produced by Eugenio Derbez, in which he also appeared in a recurring acting role. In 2006, Ibáñez moved to Argentina for a major role in the telenovela-sitcom "Amor mío" ("My Love"), starring Raúl Araiza and Vanessa Guzmán, eventually appearing in 112 episodes over two seasons.
For his work in movies and television Ibanez was inducted into the Paseo de las Luminarias in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36709016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709016" title="Suresh Chandra Deb">
Suresh Chandra Deb

Suresh Chandra Deb (born May 1894, date of death unknown) was an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Cachar-Lushai Hill constituency Assam in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="36709019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709019" title="Augustine kizis">
Augustine kizis

Augustine Kizis (Greek: Αυγουστινος Κιζινοπουλος) Born June 5, 1971 in Athens Greece is a musician.
Bio.
Augustine was born and raised in Athens, Greece. He began playing the piano at the age of six, so fascinated with music that he would play familiar, traditional Greek songs even as a youngster. He played them by ear, for he had no formal training in music, or in music theory. In his teenage years, Augustine sat at the keyboard and entertained his friends, and he also took part in playing the piano for school activities. When he moved to the United States in 1996, he had visions of pursuing a musical career, but life circumstances caused him to pursue another direction, in the restaurant industry and Computers. Today he stopped working for restaurants and he is full time employee for a big Corporation but still, the piano kept beckoning him, providing him with a private refuge from the daily rigors of life in Charlotte, North Carolina. These moments have enabled him to work on the musical compositions that you will hear on his CD's.
Career.
In 2005, he released Esthesis (Εσθησις), an album of live music with an orchestral accompaniment. In 2006 The Album Strange World (Παραξενος Κοσμος) Electronic, Dance and Space, also the same year ELEMENTS (Στοιχεια). In 2011 the Album Moonlight (Σεληνοφος), a mix of Piano Instrumental, Ambient and Classic.
His music is a mixture of Instrumental, Electronic, Ambient, and traditional Greek music, but very often he includes classical forms.
Discography.
Studio Albums

</doc>
<doc id="36709025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709025" title="Divya Marathi">
Divya Marathi

Divya Marathi is a Marathi which was launched first on 29 May 2011 in Aurangabad in Maharashtra, India. It is today published from Aurangabad, Nashik, Jalgaon, Ahmednagar, Solapur, Amravati and Akola. It is a product of the D B Corp Ltd..

</doc>
<doc id="36709033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709033" title="Nicholas Hyde (disambiguation)">
Nicholas Hyde (disambiguation)

Nicholas Hyde was Lord Chief Justice of England.
Nicholas Hyde may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36709039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709039" title="Emen, Bor">
Emen, Bor

Emen is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the Central Anatolian plains. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Emen was 132 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36709055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709055" title="Thomas Vachell">
Thomas Vachell

Thomas Vachell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36709058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709058" title="Swearer">
Swearer

Swearer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36709063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709063" title="Integrated Design Associates">
Integrated Design Associates

Integrated Design Associates (IDA) is a Hong Kong based architectural firm set up in 1999 by its founder and principal, Winston Shu. The company is known for their sustainable, "Green" designs, and their main body of work comprises international airports.
The company was ambiguously named so that any one of its project leaders could be recognised for their work in the team, and for any type of work in the field of design.

</doc>
<doc id="36709064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709064" title="Richard Justice (disambiguation)">
Richard Justice (disambiguation)

Richard Justice is a columnist.
Richard Justice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36709075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709075" title="Susan Davies (Paralympian)">
Susan Davies (Paralympian)

Susan Davies is an Australian Paralympic archery medalist.
She attended Brisbane Girls Grammar School. In 1970, a car accident left her a paraplegic. Five years after the accident, she took up archery as part of her physiotherapy. She explained that " it was mainly to help me get balance in a wheelchair. When you sever your spinal cord you have no sensation of where you are sitting or if you are sitting for a start". She practised in her Mount Gravatt back garden and at the Belmont Range in Brisbane. In 1984, she worked part-time as an accountant for the University of Queensland.
She competed at the 1980 Arnhem Games and came 6th in the Women's Double FITA Round Paralplegic. At the 1984 Stoke Mandeville Games, she won a bronze medal in the Women's Double FITA Round Paraplegic.

</doc>
<doc id="36709091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709091" title="1993 Indian Federation Cup">
1993 Indian Federation Cup

The 1993 Indian Federation Cup was the 17th season of the football competition. The competition was won by Mohun Bagan, who defeated Mahindra & Mahindra 1–0 at Corporation Stadium in Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="36709096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709096" title="Gökbez, Bor">
Gökbez, Bor

Gökbez is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the northern slopes of the Toros Mountains. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Gökbez was 340 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36709115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709115" title="Fritz Römer">
Fritz Römer

Hermann Joseph Fritz Römer (10 April 1866, Mörs – 20 March 1909, Frankfurt am Main) was a German zoologist.
From 1889 he studied natural sciences at the University of Jena, later graduating with a dissertation on the development of an armadillos' carapace. In 1892 he began work as an assistant to Ernst Haeckel (1834–1919) at Jena, where he focused on studies involving skin and hair formation of vertebrates. In April 1898 he became an assistant at the zoological museum in Berlin.
In the summer of 1898, with zoologist Fritz Schaudinn (1871–1906) and explorer Theodor Lerner (1866–1931), he embarked on a scientific expedition to Svalbard aboard the trawler "Helgoland". In the waters around Svalbard, the scientists gathered a large and diverse collection of marine fauna. These zoological specimens, along with knowledge gained on the expedition, served as a focal point towards Römer and Schaudinn's publication of ""Fauna Arctica"", an important work on Arctic fauna that eventually ran to six volumes. The mission also had significance from a geographical standpoint; Kapitän Rüdiger of the "Helgoland" made a number of corrections and additions to the map of Svalbard, that included charting the first accurate map of Kong Karls Land. Also, the "Helgoland" is credited as the first vessel to circumnavigate Nordaustlandet in a counterclockwise direction.
In 1899 Römer began work in the zoological institute at the University of Breslau under the direction of Willy Kükenthal (1861–1922). In 1907 he was appointed scientific director of the new Senckenberg Museum in Frankfurt am Main, a position he maintained until his death in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="36709129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709129" title="Oratory of Gesù Pellegrino">
Oratory of Gesù Pellegrino

The Oratory of Gesù Pellegrino, also called the Oratorio dei Pretoni, is a small church found on the corner of Via San Gallo and via degli Arazzieri in Florence.
Initially consecrated with the name of church of San Salvatore for a confraternity of the same name, in 1313 the bishop Antonio d’Orso instituted a hospice for priests on pilgrimage. The name of the church was changed later to church of Saint James, and under the sainted Archbishop Antoninus, the confraternity set up a hospice for elderly priests.
In 1585 to 1588, under the patronage of the Medici family, restructuring was directed by Giovanni Antonio Dosio. In the interior are a fresco cycle and three altarpieces with episodes from "The Life of Christ" (1590) by the mannerist painter Giovanni Balducci. On the counterfacade is a recently restored organ. The church has the tomb of a local parish priest, Arlotto Mainardi (1396–1484).
External links.
Visit the Places of Faith in Tuscany: Search: Oratory of Gesu Pellegrino

</doc>
<doc id="36709130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709130" title="Freda Linde">
Freda Linde

Freda Linde (December 12, 1915 – March 7, 2013 ) was a South African children's writer and translator. She wrote predominantly in Afrikaans. She has translated over 150 children's books into Afrikaans, French and German.
Life.
Born in Swellendam, she worked as journalist and editor until 1960. From 1960 to 1963 she was editor at HAUM Publishers, and from 1964 to 1971 editor in charge of children's literature at John Malherbe publishers. She retired to write full-time in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36709147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709147" title="Bahija Ahmed Shihab">
Bahija Ahmed Shihab

Bahija Ahmed Shihab (; 1932–2012) was an Iraqi sociologist and one of the pioneering women that helped establish the Sociology department at the College of Arts, University of Baghdad, Iraq in the 1950s. Professor Shihab was specialized in Social Work and Community Organization and Development. She has authored several important books, articles, and studies and taught undergraduate and graduate courses at the department and supervised countless Ph.D. dissertations. Professor Shihab persistently promoted social justice causes especially relating to the emancipation of women in Iraq and the Arab world. Prof. Shihab continued to teach at the University of Baghdad until the Summer of 2007 which is when she and her family had to leave Iraq due to the deteriorating general security situation in Baghdad and assassinations targeting Iraqi secularists and academics.
Professor Shihab was a believer in field work and bottom-up understanding of social issues. She held many positions including associate dean and department chair.

</doc>
<doc id="36709153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709153" title="Halaç, Bor">
Halaç, Bor

Halaç is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the east of Bahçeli. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Halaç was 340 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36709178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709178" title="Caucasus Travel">
Caucasus Travel

Caucasus Travel is a tour operator in Georgia. It was the first private company founded in that country, established in 1991 when Georgia gained independence following the collapse of the Soviet Union. The company was founded by Saba Kikndaze, David Rakviashvili, and Nick Erkomaishvili.

</doc>
<doc id="36709190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709190" title="Zlatko Juričević">
Zlatko Juričević

Zlatko Juričević (born 28 July 1958) is a former professional football goalkeeper who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.
Career.
Juričević started playing football for FK Rudar Prijedor in the Yugoslav Second League and later in the Yugoslav First League for Čelik Zenica. In the second half of the 1980s, he moved to Turkey where he played for Karsiyaka SK. Nowadays, he lives in Croatia, on the island Brač.

</doc>
<doc id="36709203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709203" title="John Hunter Kerr">
John Hunter Kerr

John Hunter Kerr (1821-1874) was a Scottish-born grazier, amateur photographer and collector of Indigenous artefacts in Victoria, Australia, during the mid-nineteenth century. He was the fourth son of Captain A R. Kerr, R.N., C B, and brother of Vice-Admiral R. Kerr.
Kerr was born in 1821 in Edinburgh, Scotland, and was great-nephew of the past New South Wales Governor, Admiral John Hunter. Kerr arrived in the Port Phillip District in 1839 at the age of 18 aboard the ship the "Midlothian" and initially took up land near Heidelberg near Melbourne, Victoria.
He returned to Britain in 1841, but remigrated in 1849, purchasing the 'Edgars Plains' pastoral lease of 89,000 acres, north west of Bendigo near Boort, in the Loddon District, Victoria and renamed it 'Fernyhurst' (sometimes spelt 'Fernihurst'). Initially, with his partner Godfrey, he sold meat to the diggers on the Korong goldfields, and gained some success. In January 1851 he had won a gold medal for 'the best colonial thoroughbred' in an exhibition organised by the Victorian Industrial Society. and he was appointed a magistrate in 1854.
However, 'Bad seasons and adverse circumstances' including the 'dissipation' of his partner caused him to have to sell 'Fernyhurst' in 1855, but he stayed on the property, possibly acting as manager, until 1861, the same year that he married Frances Murphy.
Kerr was also a painter and photographer and was particularly interested in recording the local Aboriginal people, with whom he claimed to have been 'always on very friendly terms'. He drew a portrait of 'Queen Jerrybung' or 'Jellibung', an elderly matriarch of the tribe, and a lithograph was later made of his drawing, which he exhibited in the Victorian Society of Fine Arts Exhibition in December 1857. His greatest contributions to Aboriginal ethnography came from a series of photographs of Aboriginal men women and children of the "Loddon and Murray Tribes" probably Dja Dja Wurrung and Yorta Yorta people, and a collection of artefacts which he also obtained from them. These included weapons, hunting implements, examples of clothing, toys and work in progress, such as a possum skin cloak in course of production and a skin stretched on a piece of bark. There was also an emu skin, some 'native boys' play sticks' and some examples of women's work, particularly 'native grass wrought by lubras' and 'a kangaroo rat bag'. They were exhibited first at the Bendigo Exhibition (also known as the Sandhurst Exhibition) of 1854, and then in Melbourne, and ultimately at the Exposition Universelle in Paris in 1855.
Of special note were three items of ceremonial significance: 'emu feathers used in corrobberys'; 'kangaroo rat skins, used in corrobberys'; and a large curved piece of bark in the shape of an emu, decorated with white ochre lines, which he later told collector R.E. Johns that he had seen used in corroborees. Two Bark engravings and the painted bark emu figure were lost to vew for nearly a hundred years, but resurfaced at the British Museum and economic botany collection at Kew Gardens in 2003, and were subsequently loaned for an exhibition at the Melbourne Museum in 2004. They became part of a controversy over repatriation of cultural property, when their return was blocked by a heritage declaration.
Special Commissioner Edward Bell was entrusted with the Victorian exhibits including Kerr's collections, and oversaw the setting up of the Victorian Court as part of the British Court in the new exhibition buildings along the Champs-Élysées.
Kerr's book "Glimpses of Life in Victoria by a Resident" was published in Edinburgh in 1872. He died on 6 February 1874 in Melbourne.
References.
Willis, Elizabeth (2003). 'Exhibiting Aboriginal Industry: A Story Behind a 'Re-Discovered' Bark Drawing From Victoria'. "Aboriginal History", Volume 27, pp. 39-58
Marguerite Hancock, ‘Introduction’, Glimpses of Life in Victoria by ‘A Resident’ [J.H.Kerr, Melbourne, Miegunyah Press, 1996]

</doc>
<doc id="36709209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709209" title="John Hastings (died c. 1585)">
John Hastings (died c. 1585)

John Hastings (c. 1525 – c. 1585), was an English politician.
Hastings was MP for Leicester in 1559, Bridport in 1563, Reading in 1571, and Poole in 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="36709217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709217" title="Salepçioğlu Mosque">
Salepçioğlu Mosque

Salepçioğlu Mosque (Salepçioğlu Camii) is a Mosque in İzmir, Turkey located next to Konak Square in the heart of the city. The mosque which was constructed in the year 1905, is named after its patron Salepçizade Hacı Ahmet Efendi.
Architecture.
Its outer walls are lined with green marble and stone. In addition to the main dome, there are three smaller domes facing the entrance. Worship has a square space, covered with a dome above pendant. Inside the dome is decorated with carvings. Palette of red, green and brown were to the fore. Round white and gray marble mihrab is a niche. The pulpit is a marble, decorated with geometric motifs above. Inside the mosque is illuminated by the lower and upper two rows of windows.
The minaret of the mosque is not directly connected with the structure in the northeast, on a pedestal of stone, round-bodied and single balcony. The minaret is a very sleek and slim appearance. The minaret was repaired in 1927 and 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="36709228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709228" title="United Arab Republic at the 1965 All-Africa Games">
United Arab Republic at the 1965 All-Africa Games

Egypt, as "United Arab Republic" participated at the 1965 All-Africa Games held in the city of Brazzaville, Congo-Brazzaville.

</doc>
<doc id="36709240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709240" title="Lost Masterpieces of Pornography">
Lost Masterpieces of Pornography

Lost Masterpieces of Pornography is a 2010 short film written and directed by David Mamet, and starring Kristen Bell, Ed O'Neill and Ricky Jay. It was produced for Funny or Die.

</doc>
<doc id="36709281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709281" title="Russia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Russia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Russia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012. A total of 182 athletes were sent by the Russian Paralympic Committee to compete in twelve disciplines: athletics, archery, cycling, swimming, wheelchair fencing, table tennis, powerlifting, shooting, rowing, judo, 7-aside football and sitting volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="36709288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709288" title="Pachapaqui">
Pachapaqui

Pachapaqui is a village in the north of Aquia District in the Bolognesi Province of the Ancash Region, Peru. It has about a thousand inhabitants, mostly engaged in raising cattle and sheep, and small scale agriculture.
Geography.
Location.
Located at 3,800 m on a platform of uniform relief, on the western side (looking from south to north) of Cannon Pativilca River. Is 350 km city Lima, city of Huaraz is in Callejón de Huaylas to 80 km and Barranca is 160 km
Climate.
Due to its altitude, according to Javier Pulgar Vidal, is located in the region Suni or jalca, which gives a climate mild cold with annual temperature of 12 °C, dry during the months of May to October, precipitation from October to April. There may be some frost in June July and August.
Season rain is December to March and is characterized by heavy rainfall and occurrences of fog that can stay all day in valley. The presence of frost in the month of July to September.
The rest of the year is dry with mostly sunny days. However, it appears on July and August for a short time cloudy and short rains.
Language.
Fifty years ago, the main language was the Quechua, different forms of Ancashino-Quechua. Now the dominant language is Castilian while Quechua is spoken almost entirely by the elderly, by the recent influx of new residents from the coast who speak only Spanish.
Communication channels.
Towards the settlement was reached in three ways.

</doc>
<doc id="36709300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709300" title="Valentin Dimov">
Valentin Dimov

Valentin Ivanov Dimov (, born 12 March 1989) is a professional Bulgarian tennis player. On 8 March 2010, he reached his highest ATP singles ranking of 621 whilst his best doubles ranking was 694 on 24 August 2009.
Davis Cup.
Valentin Dimov debuted for the Bulgaria Davis Cup team in 2009. Since then he has a 0–2 singles record and a 0–1 doubles record (0–3 overall).

</doc>
<doc id="36709313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709313" title="New Faces at Newport">
New Faces at Newport

New Faces at Newport is a split album by pianist Randy Weston's trio and vibraphonist Lem Winchester's quartet which was recorded in 1958 at the Newport Jazz Festival and released on the MetroJazz label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"'

</doc>
<doc id="36709316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709316" title="Pavel Hutka">
Pavel Hutka

Pavel Huťka (born 28 February 1949) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia, and is now a tennis trainer.
Career.
Hutka held a match point against Italy's Adriano Panatta in the opening round of the 1976 French Open, but lost 10-12 in the fifth set. The Italian went on to win the tournament.
He made the third round of the 1977 French Open (beating Jan Simbera and Brian Teacher) and appeared in a further three French Opens, without matching that effort.
Hutka was a doubles finalist at Kitzbuhel in 1979. He and partner Pavel Slozil lost the final to Mike Fishbach and Chris Lewis.
On the Grand Prix singles circuit he made three quarter-finals at Munich in 1975, Nice in 1978 Nice and Stuttgart in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36709350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709350" title="Federation of Pentecostal Churches">
Federation of Pentecostal Churches

Federation of Pentecostal Churches may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36709351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709351" title="RAF Hutton Cranswick">
RAF Hutton Cranswick

RAF Hutton Cranswick was a World War II fighter airfield, situated to the south of Driffield and immediately south west of the village of Hutton Cranswick in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, opened in 1942 and closed in 1946.
History.
RAF Hutton Cranswick opened in January 1942 as a fighter airfield within 12 Group. Unusually for the time its three runways were concrete "from new", many airfields (particularly fighter airfields) were initially built with grass runways which were later upgraded to concrete.
Many squadrons rotated through the airfield including 610, 19, 308 (City of Kraków), 316 (City of Warsaw), 195, 306 (City of Torun), 302 (City of Poznan), 315 (City of Deblin), 234, 168 and 170. From December 1943 the Anti Aircraft Co-operation 291 squadron was formed at the airfield for target towing and similar uses.
Whilst in use by 291 other fighter squadrons continued to rotate through including 401, 403, 412, 441, 442, 443 (all flying Spitfires) and 439 using Typhoons. The final unit to operate from Hutton Cranswick was 124 Squadron using Spitfire IXs.
Hutton Cranswick was used by No 16 Armament Practice Camp for about a year until it finally closed in mid 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="36709352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709352" title="Stan Tolhurst">
Stan Tolhurst

Stan Tolhurt was an Australian actor, technician and filmmaker. He worked as a dancer on stage before joining Cinesound Productions for whom he would add humour to newsreels. He also worked as a producer and ran a film studio. 

</doc>
<doc id="36709365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709365" title="Algeria at the 1965 All-Africa Games">
Algeria at the 1965 All-Africa Games

Algeria, participated at the 1965 All-Africa Games held in the city of Brazzaville, Congo-Brazzaville.

</doc>
<doc id="36709377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709377" title="Federation of Pentecostal Churches (Italy)">
Federation of Pentecostal Churches (Italy)

The Federation of Pentecostal Churches ("Federazione delle Chiese Pentecostali", FCP) is a fellowship of Pentecostal churches in Italy.
The FCP was officially founded in 2000, but this was just the last step of a long process of federation started in 1983 with the "Rally of Pentecostal Ministers" and continued in 1997 with the foundation of the "Communion of Pentecostal Evangelical Churches". The FCP, which is an observer member of the Federation of Evangelical Churches in Italy (FCEI), is the second-largest Pentecostal body in the country after the Assemblies of God in Italy and has over 50,000 members.
Among FCP member organizations and movements, there are seven main groups:

</doc>
<doc id="36709386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709386" title="Karacaören, Bor">
Karacaören, Bor

Karacaören is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is located in the northern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Bor is and to Niğde is . The population of Halaç was 163 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36709398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709398" title="2012–13 Coppa Italia Serie D">
2012–13 Coppa Italia Serie D

Coppa Italia Serie D (Italian for Serie D Italian Cup) is a straight knock-out based competition involving teams from Serie D in Italian football. All games, including the final, are on a home/away basis. The competition is held since the 1999/00, when Serie D clubs split from Coppa Italia Dilettanti, a tournament that was opened also to teams from Eccellenza and Promozione.
Short Regulation.
The preliminary round, the first round, the thirty-second team round, the sixteenth round, the first knockout round and the quarterfinals will be played with one-way races. The semifinals and the final matches only will be played with return race.
In the event of a tie at the end of the meetings, no overtime will be played but it will pull directly on penalties. For the semi-final and final games, if it is a tie in aggregate, additional penalties are provided.
Preliminary round.
The preliminary round consists of one-leg 47 matches between the following teams: 
First round.
The second round consists of 55 one-leg matches between the following teams:
Second round.
The second round consists of 32 one-leg matches between the following teams:
Third round.
The third round consists of 16 one-leg matches between the following teams:
Fourth round.
The fourth round consists of 8 one-leg matches between the following teams:
Quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals consist of 4 one-leg matches between the following teams:
Semifinals.
Semifinals consist of 2 two-leg matches between the following teams:
Final.
Final consists of one-leg match between the following teams:

</doc>
<doc id="36709400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709400" title="La liceale nella classe dei ripetenti">
La liceale nella classe dei ripetenti

La liceale nella classe dei ripetenti (literally "The high school girl in the class of repeaters") is a 1978 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti. It is the second chapter in the "Liceale" film-series and was followed by "La liceale seduce i professori". Alvaro Vitali, that in the first film was a student, is here a teacher. 

</doc>
<doc id="36709406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709406" title="Jeric Teng">
Jeric Teng

Jeric Allen Uy Teng (born March 18, 1991) is a Filipino basketball player playing for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was a shooting guard for the UST Growling Tigers in the UAAP. He was drafted 12th overall by the Elasto Painters in the 2013 PBA Draft.
Biography.
He was born on March 18, 1991 to Alvin and Susan Teng. Jeric is the second oldest among four siblings. He has two sisters, Alyssa and Almira and a younger brother, Jeron. His father, Alvin Teng, is a former player with the Philippine Basketball Association who won multiple titles as a member of the San Miguel Beermen. His younger brother Jeron, is also a basketball player currently playing for the De La Salle Green Archers. Jeric also played for the Xavier Golden Stallions. Jeric is currently playing for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters.
UST Growling Tigers.
Rookie season.
Teng joined the Tigers in 2009 where he won the Rookie of the Year award. In that season, he was joined by veterans Dylan Ababou and Khasim Mirza to form UST's ATM trio. The Tigers finished the season 6-8 and made it to the Final Four, but were defeated by the Ateneo Blue Eagles in the Final Four 64-81. Teng finished the season averaging 11.3 points per game, 4.0 rebounds per game and 1.5 assists per game.
Second season.
In his second season, Teng led the Tigers in scoring averaging 12.9 points per game, along with 4.3 rebounds per game and 1.9 assists per game while shooting 39% from 3 point range. Unfortunately, with the Tigers losing Ababou and Mirza to graduation, the inexperienced Tigers failed to return to the Final Four and finished 7th in the standings at 4-10 ahead of the UP Fighting Maroons.
Junior season.
In his third season, Teng improved his numbers averaging 13.5 points per game, 4.7 rebounds per game and 2.4 assists per game. Together with Jeric Fortuna, Chris Camus and rookie center Karim Abdul, the Tigers finished the season in 4th place with an 8-6 record and returned to the Final Four. But the Tigers failed to advance further as they lost to the eventual champion Ateneo Blue Eagles 66-69.
Fourth season.
In his fourth season, Teng was named the co-captain of the Tigers with Jeric Fortuna as the captain. In a game against the NU Bulldogs, Teng led the Tigers by scoring 15 of his 21 points as the Tigers came back from a double digit lead against the Bulldogs to win the game 89-71. Teng scored a career high 26 points as the Tigers defeated the UE Red Warriors 87-75 to clinch a Final Four berth. The Tigers were able to advance to the UAAP Final Four as the #2 seed with a 10-4 record in the elimination round, they were able to defeat the NU Bulldogs to advance to the UAAP Finals and faced off against the Ateneo Blue Eagles but were swept in the Finals 2-0 as the Blue Eagles completed their five-peat. Teng finished the season averaging 13.6 points per game, 4.3 rebounds per game, 1.3 assists per game, 38% shooting from the field, 34% shooting from 3 point range and 70% shooting from the free throw line.
In the Philippine Collegiate Champions League later that year, Teng would play a key part in the Tigers run in the tournament as they first won the Metro Manila-Luzon tournament by defeating both the Letran Knights and the Adamson Soaring Falcons to enter into the PCCL Final Four with the Ateneo Blue Eagles, San Beda Red Lions and the Southwestern U Cobras. The Tigers would finish with a 2-1 record in the Final Four to set up a rematch with the Blue Eagles in the Finals, where the Tigers exacted their revenge against the Eagles as they were crowned the National Champions after winning the title in a tightly contested three game series. Teng would later be named to the Mythical Five team for the tournament alongside graduating teammate Jeric Fortuna and Karim Abdul, Teng would also be crowned the Finals MVP of the tournament.
Final season.
In his final season, Teng was named the captain of the Tigers with Clark Bautista as co-captain. Teng started the season as one of the leading candidates for the season MVP. However, in their first round encounter against the NU Bulldogs, he suffered from a shoulder injury after he got hit by Bulldogs forward Jeoffrey Javillonar. Teng would miss 5 games from the injury as the Tigers struggled in his absence. Teng returned to the lineup in the second round encounter with the Bulldogs, however he re-injures himself, this time on his right hamstring. Teng would make a quick recovery, and then in their battle with the Ateneo Blue Eagles for the last slot in the Final Four, he would hit 5 clutch free throws as the Tigers ended Ateneo's five year title run with an 82-74 victory that booked them a ticket to the Final Four. The Tigers would later stun the top seeded Bulldogs as they won two straight games to return to the UAAP Finals for the second straight season. The Tigers would battle the De La Salle Green Archers in the Finals in which Jeric battled his younger brother Jeron for the championship. Teng played brilliantly in the series against the Archers as he led the Tigers in scoring in the three game series. However, the Tigers would fall short as the Archers came back after dropping Game 1 to win two straight games on their way to their first title since 2007. Teng finished his final season with Tigers averaging 14.9 points per game, 3.7 rebounds per game, and 1.9 assists per game on 41% shooting from the field and 78% shooting from the free throw line.
Philippine Basketball Association.
Rain or Shine Elasto Painters.
Immediately after his stint with the Growling Tigers, Teng signed up for the 2013 PBA Draft. In the 2013 PBA Draft, he was drafted in the second round, 12th overall by the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters. He played his first game with the Elasto Painters in Davao City against the Alaska Aces as part of the Luz-Vi-Minda triple header to open the new PBA season.

</doc>
<doc id="36709413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709413" title="Ahmed El-Mehelmy">
Ahmed El-Mehelmy

Ahmed El-Mehelmy (born 25 January 1962) is a former professional tennis player from Egypt.
Career.
El-Mehelmy, who played collegiate tennis at the University of South Alabama, qualified for the main draw at the 1985 US Open. He lost a four set first round match to Dan Cassidy.
The Egyptian competed in Davis Cup tennis for his country from 1978 to 1990. He finished with a 22/23 competition record.

</doc>
<doc id="36709420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709420" title="Dimitar Kuzmanov">
Dimitar Kuzmanov

Dimitar Savkov Kuzmanov (, born 29 July 1993) is a professional Bulgarian tennis player. On 28 October 2013, he reached his highest ATP singles ranking of 428 whilst his best doubles ranking was 838 on 10 September 2012.
Davis Cup.
Dimitar Kuzmanov debuted for the Bulgaria Davis Cup team in 2011. Since then he has a 5–1 singles record and a 0–2 doubles record (5–3 overall).

</doc>
<doc id="36709424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709424" title="Karamahmutlu">
Karamahmutlu

Karamahmutlu is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the east of Turkish state highway which connects Niğde to Mediterranean coast. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Karamahmutlu was 163 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36709451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709451" title="South Africa at the All-Africa Games">
South Africa at the All-Africa Games

South Africa has started competing in the All-Africa Games at the 1995 All-Africa Games. Its athletes have won a total of 665 medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36709457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709457" title="Christianity in Equatorial Guinea">
Christianity in Equatorial Guinea

Christianity in Equatorial Guinea dates back to pre-independence, when Equatorial Guinea was a colony of Portugal and Spain. Today almost 90 per cent of the population are Christian. The majority are Roman Catholics, though there are also a few thousand Methodists and Presbyterians.
History of Christianity in Equatorial Guinea.
Roman Catholicism reached Equatorial Guinea with the Portuguese in the late 15th century. The colony was ceded to Spain in 1778. From the mid-nineteenth-century there were various Protestant missions, such as Baptist missions from the West Indies (in 1841), Primitive Methodists from England, and Presbyterians (in 1850) from the United States. An 1853 concordat between Spain and the Vatican declared Catholicism to be the official religion, and led to some expulsion or non-recognition of competing faiths. Presbyterians were not recognised until 1906, and Protestant schools were not allowed under the Spanish rule. All Protestant churches were closed in 1952.
After independence there were brief hopes for religious freedom. However, there was severe persecution of Christians (associated with colonialist history) under the rule of Macías Nguema, president from 1968 to 1979, who wanted to be recognised as messiah. Tens of thousands of Christians fled the country to Gabon or Cameroon.
After Nguema's overthrow, efforts were made to re-establish the Roman Catholic church in Equatorial Guinea. A papal visit in February 1982 was followed later that year by the establishment of the country as a Roman Catholic province with its own archdiocese of Malabo, and the dioceses of Bata and Ebebiyin. However, there are few national priests, and most pastoral work is carried out by Spanish priests, monks and nuns.

</doc>
<doc id="36709461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709461" title="Mahammad Hadi">
Mahammad Hadi

Mahammad Hadi or Agha-Mahammad Haji-Abdulsalim oglu Abdulsalimzade (; 1879, Shamakhi - 1920, Ganja) was an Azerbaijani romanticist poet.
Biography.
Founder of progressive romanticism in Azerbaijani literature, Mahammad Hadi was born in 1879, in Shamakhi, into a family of a merchant. He received his primary education in a mosque, at mullah. Later he studied at Abbas Sahhat’s father mullah Aliabbas’s school. Losing his father at early ages, Hadi continued his education himself, learning Arabian and Persian languages excellently. An earthquake in 1902, demolished Hadi’s house in Shamakhi. Looking for a shelter and work, Hadi went to Kürdəmir, where he taught for some period of time. In 1906, at insistence of his teacher and relative Mustafa Lutfi, he moved to him, to Astrakhan. But he didn’t stay there for a long time and returned to Baku and worked in editorial office of “Fiyuzat” and “Irshad” magazines and “New life” and “Taraggi” newspapers. 
In 1910, Hadi went to Turkey, where he worked as a translator of eastern languages, in editorial office of “Tenin” newspaper. Here he acted against Muslim orders, particularly, against oppression of women. He was exiled to Thessaloniki for that. After some period of time he was exiled to Istanbul and then to Baku. The exile shook Hadi’s health, but he continued to work at “Igbal” newspaper and to publish his poems.
After beginning of World War I, Mahammad Hadi went to front within “Savage Division” of Muslims and was in Poland and Galicia until the end of the war. After the Russian Revolution in 1917-1918, Hadi returned to Azerbaijan, where he died in May, 1920 in Ganja.

</doc>
<doc id="36709467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709467" title="Chettinad Group">
Chettinad Group

The Chettinad Group is an Indian industrial conglomerate headquartered in Chennai. The united Annaamalai Chettiar Group (later split as Chettinad Group and MA Chidambaram's Southern Group) is founded by famous Tamil Nagarathar businessman Raja Sir Annamalai Chettiar.

</doc>
<doc id="36709476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709476" title="Zimbabwe at the All-Africa Games">
Zimbabwe at the All-Africa Games

Egypt has started competing in the All-Africa Games since the 1987 All-Africa Games. It's athletes have won a total of 116 medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36709523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709523" title="Zoltan Ilin">
Zoltan Ilin

Zoltan Ilin (born 30 January 1955) is a former professional tennis player who competed for Yugoslavia.
Career.
Ilin competed in the 1980 French Open but was unable to get past 13th seed Wojciech Fibak in the first round, losing in straight sets.
He played in seven Davis Cup ties for Yugoslavia from 1977 to 1981 and won eight of his 19 rubbers.

</doc>
<doc id="36709533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709533" title="Votic languages">
Votic languages

The Votic languages are a well-defined branch of Chibchan languages spoken in Costa Rica and Nicaragua. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="36709538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709538" title="Kavuklu, Bor">
Kavuklu, Bor

Kavuklu is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is located at on the approach road to Turkish motor way . Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Karamahmutlu was 193 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36709565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709565" title="Ada den Haan">
Ada den Haan

Adelaïde Henriette "Ada" den Haan (born 14 May 1941 in Eindhoven) is a retired Dutch breaststroke swimmer. She dominated the 200m breaststroke event in the 1950s, setting four world records in 1956-1957, one under the old rules and three under the new rules that disallowed long underwater swimming. However, she could not participate in the 1956 Summer Olympics that were boycotted by the Netherlands in protest of the suppression of the Hungarian Revolution by the Soviet Union. She won two European gold medals in 1958, but by 1959 her world record was broken and her dominance faded away. At the 1960 Summer Olympics she was part of the Dutch medley team that broke the Olympic record in the preliminaries; however, they finished fourth in the final. She was also fourth in the individual 200m breastroke event. She married Martien Swinkels, the coach of the Dutch swimming star Marcel Wouda.

</doc>
<doc id="36709569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709569" title="La liceale seduce i professori">
La liceale seduce i professori

La liceale seduce i professori (literally "The high school girl seduces the teachers", internationally released as How to Seduce Your Teacher) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti. It is the third chapter in the "Liceale" film-series and was followed by " La liceale, il diavolo e l'acquasanta". Gloria Guida is also performer of two songs of the soundtrack, "Come vuoi... con chi vuoi" and "Stammi vicino". 

</doc>
<doc id="36709580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709580" title="Caritas Ticino">
Caritas Ticino

Caritas Ticino is a non-profit organisation based in Ticino, Switzerland.
History.
The Latin word Caritas (or Charitas) defines culture in the Christian dimension of love of God and human beings, and has been adopted as the name of all the charitable organizations/social that have developed in the Western world. In Ticino, the Italian speaking part of Switzerland, in 1942 the Bishop Angelo Giuseppe Jelmini created a diocesan Caritas, Caritas Ticino, to address the social problems of the post war period and especially in relation to refugees from war. Over the decades the organization has followed the development of the welfare state are becoming partners of the Republic and Canton of Ticino. In particular it developed a social service specialist advice on debt, an employment program for the reintegration of the unemployed into employment with a hundred seats in the recycling industry and agriculture and industry information with a television production that is unique for a charitable organization. The thought that drives social action organization refers to the Catholic social teaching of the church, and in particular the 2009 encyclical, Caritas in Veritate of Pope Benedict XVI, in addition to the lines left by the Bishop of Lugano, in Roman Catholic Diocese of Lugano, Eugenio Corecco in 1992.
Thought.
"Whatever should be the nature of the industry and its interventions in the social field, Caritas is called, with ever greater urgency, to express in society two specific values of Christianity, whose social significance can not be measured purely rational. The first is the gratuity to the man in trouble, because it was free also the redemption offered to us by Christ. The second is to oversupply, excess is the love of Christ for us. The charity has so far as the needs of others, but the richness of God's love limiting it to look and evaluate it from man's need, because man is more than its needs".

</doc>
<doc id="36709588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709588" title="Babar Azam">
Babar Azam

Mohammad Babar Azam (born 15 October 1994) is a Pakistani cricketer. Azam captained the Pakistan Under-19 cricket team at the 2012 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
External links.
Babar Azam Interview with alrasub.com

</doc>
<doc id="36709592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709592" title="Alexander Lazov">
Alexander Lazov

Alexander Lazov (, born 9 July 1990) is a professional Bulgarian tennis player. On 17 June 2013, he reached his highest ATP singles ranking of 452 whilst his best doubles ranking was 539 on 21 April 2014. In September 2012 he defeated Tihomir Grozdanov to become the 2012 Men's Bulgarian Champion.
Davis Cup.
Alexander Lazov debuted for the Bulgaria Davis Cup team in 2013. Since then he has a 0–3 singles record and a 1–0 doubles record (1–3 overall).

</doc>
<doc id="36709609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709609" title="Nigeria at the All-Africa Games">
Nigeria at the All-Africa Games

Nigeria has competed at every celebration of the All-Africa Games. Its athletes have won a total of 934 medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36709654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709654" title="Tom Cotterill">
Tom Cotterill

Tom Cotterill (c. 1884 – 1943) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in 1911, touring Australia.
Note.
Thomas' surname is variously spelt as Cotterill, or Cottrall.

</doc>
<doc id="36709704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709704" title="List of Big Brother Australia housemates (2012 series)">
List of Big Brother Australia housemates (2012 series)

Ten new Housemates entered the Big Brother House during Launch Night on the 2012 series of Big Brother Australia. Four males entered the house the next day, totalling 14 Housemates. After four weeks and three evictions had passed, two intruders were introduced to the house at different intervals, raising the total to 16 housemates.
Angie.
Angela Beatrix Murray (born 18 January 1991) is a 21-year-old sales representative from the Gold Coast. Angie shares a loft with three men, and is often referred to as "Mangie" for her tomboy-ish-behavior. She was the third Housemate to enter on Launch Night. She was nominated on Day 29 along with Estelle and Ray and survived the Day 35 eviction with 45% of the vote to save. On Day 39 Angie and Sam hook up with Sam leaving a hickey on her neck causing a huge fight between her and Layla. Angie was nominated again on Day 43 and survived the eviction with 48% of the vote. She was nominated again the following week. She escaped eviction again with 19% of the vote while Bradley was evicted. Angie was nominated again the following week however due to Josh's departure she was guaranteed another week in the house. She was evicted on Day 70 after receiving 10.6% of the vote, with only a very small margin of 0.8% to save between her and Sam.
Secret: Angie was a champion weightlifter.
Ava.
Ava David An intruder who arrived on day 29. She became very attached to Josh and Estelle during her time in the house, and was regarded by other housemates as a kind but private person, who they occasionally referred to as "Princess Ava" or the 'Clip-on-Koala (from Ukraine)'. Ava was nominated on Day 43 and faced eviction with Angie and Estelle. She was evicted on Day 51 with only 14% of the vote to save. 
Secret: As an intruder, Ava entered the house after the cessation of the Secrets task and was exempt from needing to reveal a secret.
Benjamin.
Benjamin Norris (born 17 February 1980) is a 32-year-old accounts manager from Melbourne and and was the fourteenth housemate to enter the house in the early hours of Day 3. Benjamin was nominated for eviction along with Bradley and Ryan on Day 15. He narrowly survived the eviction on Day 21 with 33% of the vote to save. only 1% separated him from Ryan who was the evictee. Ben was not up for nomination until Day 63 where he faced eviction with 5 other housemates. He survived the eviction with 20.8% while Angie was evicted. Ben was nominated in the following week along with Stacy and Estelle, he escaped eviction again with 30% of the vote while his close ally Stacy was evicted. Ben along with the 5 other remaining housemates were told that every vote Australia cast would be a vote to win. On Day 84 Ben survived the eviction with 20% of the vote to win. The next day he survived the double eviction determining the final three housemates for Big Brother 2012. Ben was crowned the winner of the series on Day 87 with a prize of A$250,000 and a Holden Cruze with 40% of the vote to win. He is openly gay, and stated that he has a boyfriend after entering the house. 
An article in NW magazine in September 2012 drew a comparison between Ben and Johnnie Rotten from the first Australian season for his habit of offering consolation and advice to housemates after nominating and complaining about them to others.
Secret: Benjamin was fired from every job he has ever had.
Bradley.
Bradley Darke (born 17 August 1993) is a 19-year-old from Coraki, New South Wales. He works in his parents's supermarket (with his room adjacent to the store), and admits to collecting superhero T-Shirts and never having a girlfriend. He has a stutter. He was one of three men to enter the House on Launch Night, and the tenth Housemate to enter in total. On Day 15 Bradley was nominated for eviction along with Benjamin and Ryan. He survived the eviction on Day 21 with 35% of the public vote. Bradley was nominated again the following week however he escaped eviction again with 32% of the vote. Bradley was nominated on Day 36 along with Estelle and George and only barely survived the eviction on Day 42 with 31% of the vote with only 1% separating him from George. Bradley was evicted on Day 56 with just only 14% of the vote to save him.
Secret: Bradley suffers from Ornithophobia as the result of an emu attack.
Charne.
Charne Louise White works on stage at Dracula's Cabaret Restaurant dinner theater. She is from the Gold Coast. Charne goes by the nicknames "Char" and "VaVa", and was once the winner of Ms. Pin-Up Australia. She was the seventh Housemate to enter on Launch Night. She was nominated for eviction on Day 8, sure received 22 nomination points the most nomination points from her fellow Housemates.
Secret: Charne suffers from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.
Estelle.
Estelle Landy (born 31 August 1988) is a 24-year-old law student from Victoria. She enjoys skateboarding, and dislikes anyone who is cruel to animals, racist, sexist or homophobic. Estelle is an accomplished Equestrian rider having competed Internationally in Europe for two years on Scholarship.
She speaks Dutch and some French.
Most remembered for being the only housemate who "never bitched".
Estelle revealed on Big Brother Confidential that she was raised by a single mother. She was the eighth Housemate to enter on Launch Night. She has so far faced eviction the most number of times, at six (in Weeks 1, 5, 6, 7 and 9 respectively).
Estelle was the most saved housemate in the history of BBAU until she was matched by Tahan who has survived eight evictions(BBAU13)
Secret: Estelle is a high-school drop-out.
George.
George Baramily (born 19 April 1987) is a 25-year-old mining electrician from Western Australia. He was the eleventh Housemate to enter, going into the house on Day 2.
Secret: George is a multimillionare
Josh.
Josh Moore is a 28-year-old musician from South Australia. Josh works on Nova FM, and hates people who "don't help out in the kitchen". He was the sixth Housemate to enter on Launch Night. Josh left the house on Day 60 after receiving news from his parents that his 32-year-old brother Toby died of a suspected heart attack on the night of Day 59.
Secret: Josh has dated over 100 women.
Layla.
Layla Joyce Subritzky (born 27 March 1988) is a 24-year-old from Brisbane, but originally comes from Hambleton near Blackpool, England. Her father is Maori. She said in her introduction video that she gets her nails done daily. She was the fifth Housemate to enter on Launch Night. On Day 8, she was nominated for eviction alongside Charne and Estelle, she received the most votes and survived.
She turns into 'Shaniqua' when she gets angry. Most of her friends are WAGS and Layla wished to also be one.
More recently, she has been cast in Season 3 of Celebrity Apprentice Australia
She is known for picking up and dropping men for the next "hotter" topic.
Secret: Related to Polish Royalty.
Michael.
Michael Beveridge is a 26-year-old advertising copywriter from Brisbane but has the rest of his family in Wollongong, New South Wales. He was the first Housemate to enter on Launch Night.
Michael has recently signed to the Southern Cross Austereo network and is a co-host on SAFM's 'Michael, Hayley and Burgo Show.
Michael is currently the host of Big Brother Saturday Showdown with Shelley Craft.
Secret: Michael has an IQ of a genius (specifically 159).
Ray.
Ray Baxter (born 17 March 1987) is a 25-year-old veterinarian from Brisbane. He was the thirteenth housemate to enter, going into the house around 10:45pm on Day 2. Upon entering the house, Ray was immediately punished for repeatedly calling Big Brother 'mate'. As such, he was forced to don a schoolboy outfit and write "I must not call Big Brother naughty names" fifty times upon a chalkboard provided in the naughty corner.
Ray re entered the house on day 73 as part of the Unwanted Guests task. The task was for the current housemates to ignore any unwanted guests. He then exited again later that night.
The housemates nicknamed him 'Tom Cruise'.
Secret: Ray was a juvenile offender.
Ryan.
Ryan Buckingham (born 24 August 1990) is a 22-year-old male model from Victoria. He was the twelfth Housemate to enter, going into the house on Day 2.
Secret: Ryan has not had a girlfriend since he was 11.
Sam.
Samuel Wallace (born 10 December 1990) lives in Queensland on the Gold Coast, though grew up in Tamworth, NSW. Sam was the second intruder for the 2012 series, entering the house on 18 September.
Secret: As an intruder, Sam entered the house after the cessation of the Secrets task and was exempt from needing to reveal a secret.
Sarah.
Sarah Wentworth-Perry (born 7 December 1981) is a 30-year-old salesperson in car dealership from Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. She is the only Housemate that entered on Launch Night to state that she has a significant other outside of the Big Brother House. She was the second person to enter on Launch Night. A photo leaked online has revealed that Sarah's secret is that she was a nude protester. A vegetarian, Sarah was protesting against the use of fur for fashion.
Secret: Sarah was a nude protester.
Stacey.
Stacey Wren is a 24-year-old 
accounts manager in advertising from Sydney, New South Wales. She was the ninth Housemate to enter on Launch Night. Stacey was the only housemate who had not been nominated until the last nomination of the season.
During Big Brother Confidential aired on 25 October, Stacey revealed she is a direct descendant of Abraham Lincoln, but she is not listed among the descendants in the Lincoln family tree.
Stacey briefly appeared in an episode of Celebrity Apprentice Australia promoting a product for fellow housemate Layla who was part of the cast for Season 3. She went on to pave out a professional radio career with Gippsland radio station Star FM.
Secret: Stacey was a Hand model
Zoe.
Zoe Nicole Westgarth (born 21 May 1989) is a 23-year-old university student from New South Wales. She was the fourth person to enter the house. Zoe admits to never having a boyfriend and holds quite political views.
Secret: Zoe used to be an "Emo".

</doc>
<doc id="36709706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709706" title="Robert Wilson Shufeldt">
Robert Wilson Shufeldt

Robert Wilson Shufeldt (1 December 185021 January 1934) was an American osteologist, myologist, museologist and ethnographer who also made comparative studies of bird anatomy. He held strong views on race and supported white supremacy.
Biography.
Son of Admiral Robert Wilson Shufeldt and wife Sarah, he was born in New York in 1850. After a school education in the United States and Havana, he joined as a Captain's clerk on the US Gunboat "USS Proteus" which was under the command of his father. In 1872 he joined Cornell University to study medicine and obtained a degree in 1876 from Columbian, Washington DC. He joined the Medical Department of the Army as a Lieutenant and was posted to Fort McHenry. He later worked as a surgeon in the campaign against the Sioux Indians.
In 1882 he became curator of the Army Medical Museum and was later an honorary curator at the Smithsonian Institution. He retired in 1891 from the army but was readmitted. He married three times, first to Catherine Babcock, then to Florence Audubon (granddaughter of John James Audubon) before marrying Alfhild Dagny Lowum, a Norwegian. The first wife Catherine committed suicide in an asylum. His second wife left him after two months of marriage accusing him of adultery. Florence sought divorce on the grounds that Robert was having an affair with their Norwegian housekeeper, who was to become his third wife. Around this time he published an article titled "On Female Impotency" which included a photograph of a nude woman who he described as a mulatto but may have been Ms. Audubon. This paper, meant to blackmail Florence, stated his affiliation to the Smithsonian Institution leading to outrage within the Smithsonian leadership leading to his dismissal in 1897. He refused to pay alimony following the divorce which was taken up in the US Supreme Court "Audubon v. Shufeldt, 181 US 575(1901)". He took back many of the specimens that he had collected for the Smithsonian and later deposited them with the New York State Museum. Other organizations like the AOU also attempted to distance themselves due to the potential for scandal and shame. He was also a collector of skeletons and was known to have dug up the graves of many Indian tribes.
He published as many as 1100 notes and books, often on natural history but specializing in anatomy and systematics of birds. He had an interest in fossil birds and contributed to Alfred Newton's "A dictionary of birds". He is credited with coining the word "paleopathology", the study of diseases and cause of death of decomposed specimens. He also took a great interest in the field of photography, using it to document birds as well as human anatomy. He published a report on taxidermy and a book "Studies of the human form for artists, sculptors and scientists" (1908) which included many nude photographs.
Shufeldt had two sons from his first wife Catherine. Robert (1877-1892), who was interested in ornithology, died while collecting specimens for Marietta College while Percy (1879-1949) became and explorer and trader in South America rising to become Consul to the British Honduras. A foster daughter was listed in the 1881 census as a nurse. He had no children from his subsequent marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="36709721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709721" title="Jeric Fortuna">
Jeric Fortuna

Jeric Marco Gray Fortuna (born November 25, 1991) is a basketball player from the Philippines. He was drafted 14th overall by the Barako Bull Energy Cola in the 2013 PBA Draft.
UST Growling Tigers.
Rookie season.
Fortuna joined the Tigers in 2008. Fortuna played limited minutes with the Tigers in favor of veteran point guard Japs Cuan during his rookie season and finished with averages of 3.7 points per game, 1.7 assists per game and 1.7 rebounds per game.
Second season.
In his second season, Fortuna became the starting point guard for the Tigers replacing the already graduated Cuan. The Tigers finished the season 6-8 and made it to the Final Four, but were defeated by the Ateneo Blue Eagles in the Final Four 64-81. In his first season as the starting point guard, Fortuna finished the season averaging 8.0 points per game, 4.0 assists per game where he leads the team, 3.3 rebounds per game, 1.6 steals per game and 46% shooting from 3 point range which allowed him to win the Star Shooter award for the season.
Third season.
In his third season, Fortuna once again led the Tigers in assists averaging 10.4 points per game, 4.7 assists per game, 3.7 rebounds per game and 1.1 steals per game. It was in this season when Fortuna set a UAAP career high 29 points in 87-81 victory against the UP Fighting Maroons. Unfortunately, the inexperienced Tigers failed to return to the Final Four and finished 7th in the standings at 4-10 ahead of the UP Fighting Maroons.
Fourth season.
In his fourth season, Fortuna led the Tigers in scoring and assists averaging 14.6 points per game, 4.8 rebounds per game, 3.1 assists per game and 1.4 steals per game. Together with Jeric Teng, Chris Camus and rookie center Karim Abdul, the Tigers finished the season in 4th place with an 8-6 record and returned to the Final Four. In their Final Four match-up against the Ateneo Blue Eagles, Fortuna had the chance to send the game into overtime with a three pointer, but his shot came too strong as the Tigers were knocked out by the Blue Eagles to advance to the Finals 66-69.
Final season.
In his final season with the Tigers, Fortuna was named the captain of the Tigers with Jeric Teng as the co-captain. In their second round meeting against the NU Bulldogs, Fortuna sank in a three pointer to tie the game at 51 and send it into overtime, in which the Tigers won 58-57. The Tigers were able to advance to the UAAP Final Four as the #2 seed with a 10-4 record in the elimination round, they were able to defeat the NU Bulldogs to advance to the UAAP Finals and faced off against the Ateneo Blue Eagles but were swept in the Finals 2-0 as the Blue Eagles completed their five-peat. In his final season wit the Tigers, Fortuna averaged 8.8 points per game, a league-leading 5.1 assists per game and 5.2 rebounds per game on 34% shooting from the field and 76% shooting from the free throw line.
In the Philippine Collegiate Champions League later that year, Fortuna would play a key part in the Tigers run in the tournament as they first won the Metro Manila-Luzon tournament by defeating both the Letran Knights and the Adamson Soaring Falcons to enter into the PCCL Final Four with the Ateneo Blue Eagles, San Beda Red Lions and the Southwestern U Cobras. The Tigers would finish with a 2-1 record in the Final Four to set up a rematch with the Blue Eagles in the Finals, where the Tigers exacted their revenge against the Eagles as they were crowned the National Champions after winning the title in a tightly contested three game series. Fortuna would later be named to the Mythical Five team for the tournament alongside teammates Karim Abdul and Jeric Teng who was crowned Finals MVP.
San Miguel Beermen (ABL).
After the collegiate basketball season, Fortuna would start training for the San Miguel Beermen of the ASEAN Basketball League. Fortuna eventually made it into the lineup in the new ABL season, and would play a key part during their run to the championship as the Beermen were led by veterans like Asi Taulava and Chris Banchero. The Beermen would win the title against the Indonesia Warriors in a three game sweep.
Barako Bull Energy.
Fortuna was drafted 14th overall by Barako Bull in the 2013 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36709723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709723" title="United States Nordic Combined Championships 2013">
United States Nordic Combined Championships 2013

The United States Nordic Combined Championships 2013 took place on August 3 & 6, 2012 in Park City, Utah. Todd Lodwick won the race.

</doc>
<doc id="36709728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709728" title="Tlawng Dam">
Tlawng Dam

Tlawng Dam, is a proposed rock-fill dam on the Tlawng River near Lungleng, 25 km from Aizawl, in the state of Mizoram in India. A memorandum of understanding was signed between the Mizoram Government and Shyam Century Ferrous on 10 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36709729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709729" title="Mention (blogging)">
Mention (blogging)

A mention (also known as @replies or tagging, not to be confused with metadata tags or hashtags) is a means by which a blog post references or links to a user's profile. This may be done as a matter of getting the attention of (or drawing attention to) another user of a social networking or blogging service, as a matter of replying to the other user's post, or as a matter of "tagging" a user in a post (i.e., to say that "Jay Thompson was here"). As of 2012, no standard for mentioning a user in a blog post has been developed, and various approaches have been developed.
Styles and history.
@ (At sign).
The rise to prominence of Twitter from its launch in 2006 gave rise to using the At sign ("@") as a description for directing a public post to a particular user, especially for the purpose of replying to another user's post (i.e., "@janedoe"). Only after the usage of @ as a visual means of directing posts to specific users gained currency among Twitter users did Twitter developers begin to integrate the @ sign as a fundamental conversational tool on the site.
Initially, @ was used by Twitter users occasionally as shorthand for other words, such as location or time. the first person to use @ as a description of directing a post at another user was Robert S. Andersen ("rsa") on 2 November 2006; initially, this usage made use of a space between the @ and the name, followed by a colon and the main content.
The first to propose a general syntax for directly addressing users in posts was made by Ben Darlow and Neil Crosby, and by January 2007, more Twitter users began to take notice of the practice with various degrees of acceptance; within the year, the convention trended toward combining the @ and a Twitter username (as opposed to a real name) and appending the combination to the beginning of a post in order to indicate a reply. Ultimately, they became colloquially known as "@replies" for their primary usage as replies to other users' posts. Twitter added support for "@replies" beginning in May 2008, with any combination of @ with a username being turned into a hyperlink to the profile. On March 30, 2009, Twitter updated the feature and renamed it "Mentions" (i.e., to "mention" user "@janedoe") so as to include non-reply posts directed at individual users.
Beginning September 2009, Facebook integrated the At sign as a mentioning feature; typing "@" in a post automatically initiates a drop-down autocomplete list containing names of "friends", groups and pages, which, after one being selected and the post published, links to the profile, group or page.
+ (Plus sign).
The Plus sign ("+") is utilized on Google+ to select a user or page.
Impact.
Language.
Since the adoption of mention styles like that used on Twitter, mentions have also entered the vocal lexicon of Twitter users, with users, especially those who work in news broadcasting, announcing their presence and reachability on Twitter (i.e., "you can find me on Twitter 'AT' edshow") or presenting posts to Twitter by specific users ("'AT' janedoe writes: 'What will happen now?'").
Influence measurement.
The hyperlink created by appending @ to the front of a username is indexed by various third-party social media-oriented analytics applications to measure the influence of a mentioned user (i.e., Klout or The Washington Post's Mention Machine).

</doc>
<doc id="36709733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709733" title="Charlie McBride">
Charlie McBride

Charlie McBride is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Charlie McBride was a revelation on the 1947-48 tour of Great Britain and France. The British already had some knowledge of his prowess after he played in the 13-8 sole test win over the Lions at Carlaw Park, and was also in the West Coast's momentous 17-8 upset of the tourists at Greymouth's Victoria Park.
He continued to be ranked among the very top second row forwards in rugby league until his retirement after the next northan tour in 1951-52. It was noted in test and tour programmes McBride would command "a fabulous signing on fee" had international transfers been permitted.
At only 26, McBride seemed to have more years of football ahead of him but the 1951-52 tour of Britton and France was to be his "swansong".
McBride declared his innings closed still in his prime after 21 tests and a total of 64 appearances (17 tries) for New Zealand.
The West Coaster was a try scorer when the 1948 Kiwis beat Australia 21-19 in front of 55,000 spectators at Sydney Cricket Ground and touched down twice in New Zealand's defeat of Australians at Wellington's Basin Reserve.
McBride was described as having beautiful hands and capable anticipation coupled with surprising speed and a deadly tackle. 
Of all the fine words spoken about McBride, surely none surpassed those of the Auckland League News on the day of the inter-island match when it described him as "the greatest forward in any code in this country, if not the world."
McBride played for the Blackball and Marist clubs in the West Coast Rugby League competition. He played for both the West Coast and the South Island.
He was first selected for the New Zealand Kiwis in 1946 and toured Great Britain and France in 1947 and Australia in 1948. In 1951 he got bitten during a "brutal match" between the Kiwis and the touring French. He played twenty one tests between 1946 and 1952.
He was inducted into the New Zealand Rugby League's Legends of League in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36709757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709757" title="Yitzchak Amit">
Yitzchak Amit

Yitzchak Amit () is a member of the Supreme Court of Israel. Born in 1958 in Tel-Aviv, Israel, he served in the IDF's unit 8200 and obtained his JD from Hebrew University in 1985. He was elected to the Supreme Court in August 2009, and took office in October 2009. He was previously a judge in the Haifa district court.

</doc>
<doc id="36709770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709770" title="Parson's Lodge Battery">
Parson's Lodge Battery

Parson's Lodge Battery is a coastal battery and fort in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
History.
The Moors had been in Gibraltar, and the Spanish had occupied The Rock for over 250 years. In 1704, the British took possession and, by 1720, they had installed a pair each of 18-pounder and 12-pounder guns. By 1744, there were over 20 guns around Rosia Bay. Parson's Lodge Battery was originally named the 9th Rosia Battery. The Parson's Lodge name is first recorded in 1761 and reputedly refers to the dwelling of the parson of a church and hermitage named St. John the Green.
In early October 1840, Major-General John Thomas Jones arrived to inspect the defences of Gibraltar. He remained on the rock until June 1841, when he returned to England. Jones advised on improvements for Parson's Lodge Battery, which caused eight guns to be installed in 1842.
At the height of its military importance, the battery had three 10-inch rifled muzzle-loading guns that guarded the approaches to Rosia Bay, which is the only natural harbour on The Rock. The guns were installed in 1884. These guns fired a 400 pound shell over two and a half miles. Gibraltar Shields, which consisted of thick layers of iron around thick teak planks, protected the guns. The shields later used bolts that were also protected against abnormal loads as they included wooden bushes and had corners filed away to prevent them being snapped when resisting an enemy's shell.
Beneath the fort lies a narrow tunnel that at one time housed a one-metre gauge railway but which is now a road tunnel. The tunnel was one of two originally created to take large quantities of quarried stone from Camp Bay to the harbour's South Mole when it was constructed in the 1880s.
The battery was used during both World Wars and, in 1941 it had anti-aircraft and anti-tank guns as well as anti-aircraft searchlights installed.
Post-war developments.
The military abandoned the battery in the 1950s. Gibraltar Heritage Trust extensively restored the battery in 1994, whose grounds now include a field centre belonging to the Gibraltar Museum.
There is a wall that goes from Parson's Lodge Battery to Buena Vista Barracks. This wall and the Machicouli Gallery above Camp Bay are both List A items and are protected by the Gibraltar Heritage Trust Act, which transferred these and many other assets to the Gibraltar Heritage Trust in 1989.
Guide to the battery.
and [3 - Coast artillery searchlights.
From 1898 to 1956 these buildings housed 90 cm searchlights, which were intended to illuminate enemy ships. Each light was 200 million candlepower and a concentrated "pencil" (3 degree) beam could be projected 5,000 yards.
- Underground 6 pounder gun position.
Known as "Lower Parsons". From April 1941 to the end of World War II (WWII), a 6 pdr. gun was positioned here to cover the landing places in Rosia Bay. It fired a 6 lb. (2.7 kg) shell 4,000 yards (2.27 miles: 3.7 km).
- 18th-century gun position.
From about 1725 to 1840 (when a larger battery was built to the left) a smooth bore gun was positioned here to cover Camp Bay. At one stage it was a 24 pounder (11 kg) firing a solid round shot, 2,000 yards (1.13 miles: 1.8 km).
& [7 - 6 pounder gun positions.
These guns were placed for use against enemy forces attempting to land in Camp and Little Bays. They were mounted on concrete blocks as opposed to the pedestal mounting in 2 above. The threshold to position 7 records that it was completed on Christmas Eve 1941 by the Somerset Light Infantry.
- 18th-century gun position.
As described in 4 above. At one stage, this gun would have been a 9 pounder (4 kg) firing a shot of that weight 1,400 yards (.79 miles: 1.2 km).
- Personnel Shelter.
There were several of these shelters at Parson's Lodge, providing cover for all personnel not actually manning fire positions. They were known as "elephant shelters" from the shape of the corrugated iron which formed the basis of their construction.
- Medium machine gun (MMG) position.
This fire position was occupied by a Vickers Medium Machine Gun which was designed to fire .303" ammunition, the same bore as a service rifle, at a rate of 500 rounds per minute. The flanking positions here were manned by rifle men armed with .303 short magazine Lee Enfields (SMLE`s).
- Shaft To underground defensive position.
This contained two MMGs and two SMLE apertures in the cliff face overlooking possible enemy landing areas in Camp and Little Bays.
- Admiralty boundary marker.
The wall in which this stone is set marks the physical boundary between this Royal Artillery Battery and the Royal Naval Victualling Yard, built in 1808.
- Battery.
This large limestone construction replaced its predecessors (see relic to the right) about 1842 in accordance with recommendations of Major-General John Thomas Jones, and was surmounted, at the time, by eight guns. By 1873, the battery had been adapted to take 3 x 18 ton 10" RML guns. The corridor in front serviced the latter.
& [19 - Shell store.
400 lb (181 kg) 10" solid armour piercing projectiles were stored here. At one stage position 19 was a "side arms store" - in lay parlance, a tool shed.
- Lighting passage.
Stringent precautions were taken to prevent accidental detonation in the cartridge stores. These included "spark free" copper fittings, rope shoes and the obvious measure of lighting magazines through plate glass fronted passages or niches.
- Lamp room.
The oil lamps were stored and serviced in this room.
& [18 - Cartridge store.
There were two types of cartridge 44 lb. (20 kg) and 70 lb (32 kg) contained in bags and tins.
- Cartridge hoist.
At the end of this corridor (and in 12 above) was an apparatus for hoisting cartridges and shells to the guns above.
- Expense magazines.
Cartridges and Projectiles were stored, ready for use, in these four limestone buildings.
- RML gun positions.
From 1873 to about 1892, 10" rifled muzzle loading guns were positioned in each of the three shielded embrasures. Made in Woolwich, they fired a 400 lb (181 kg) projectiles to a range of about 4,500 yards (2.6 miles: 4 km). The gun fired and was protected, from seabourne attack, by a sandwich of armour plate and tyeack, specially invented for use here and known universally as "Gibraltar Shields".

</doc>
<doc id="36709774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709774" title="St. Therese – MTC colleges">
St. Therese – MTC colleges

St. Therese - MTC Colleges is a higher education college in Iloilo City, Philippines which commonly the Maritime School. St. Therese – MTC colleges is formerly St. Therese College – La Fiesta and Maritime Training Center (MTC) which merged to become St. Therese – MTC colleges.
Sites.
St. Therese – MTC Colleges – La Fiesta Site
"Courses Offered":
St. Therese – MTC Colleges – Magdalo Site
"Courses Offered":
St. Therese – MTC Colleges –Tigbauan Site
"Courses Offered":

</doc>
<doc id="36709802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709802" title="Too Much Pussy!">
Too Much Pussy!

Too Much Pussy! is a 2010 French-German docudrama film directed by Émilie Jouvet. It follows a group of performers who are all members the Sex-positive movement during the tour of their "Queer X Show" through Europe, from Berlin to Malmö. The group consists of the writer and actress Wendy Delorme, the DJ Metzgerei, the adult actress Judy Minx, the singer Mad Kate, the artist and performer Sadie Lune, and the adult actress and director Madison Young.
The film premiered at the Cinémarges Festival in Bordeaux in April 2010. In 2011, it was released an uncensored version of the film titled "Much More Pussy!". It was defined as a "magnificent ode to women in all its forms (...) which is expected soon to become a cult".

</doc>
<doc id="36709811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709811" title="Baissoptera">
Baissoptera

Baissoptera is an extinct genus of snakefly in the Baissopteridae family which was described by Martynova in 1961. Since 1961, it has been described three times; Carpenter in 1992, Ponomarenko in 1988 and Engel in 2002. According to J. Jepson "et al." in 2011, the parent taxon is Baissopteridae. Fossils of the species have been found in Brazil, China, Spain and Russia.
Species.
"Baissoptera" includes 12 species:

</doc>
<doc id="36709814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709814" title="Champasak Stadium">
Champasak Stadium

The Champasak Stadium or Champassack Stadium is a newly built football stadium in Pakse, Laos. It is the home of Champasak FC and it is located just north of the Daoruang Market. It has blue and green tribunes and a proper running track around the field. The stadium is sometimes used for ceremonies and concerts. in 2010, when it had a seating capacity of 5,000, it was expanded. The stadium now holds up to 11,000 people. The stadium is named after the region Champasak, of which Pakse is the capital.

</doc>
<doc id="36709819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709819" title="Havuzlu, Bor">
Havuzlu, Bor

Havuzlu is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is at on the approach road to Turkish motor way . Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Havuzlu was 241 as of 2011. The village was founded on an old settlement (probably a part of ancient Tyana. According to one report the former name "Baravun" of the village means "dense forest" in old Turkish. 

</doc>
<doc id="36709824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709824" title="Roekiah">
Roekiah

Roekiah (Perfected Spelling: Rukiah; ; 1917 – 2 September 1945), often credited as Miss Roekiah, was an Indonesian "kroncong" singer and film actress. The daughter of two stage performers, she began her career at the age of seven; by 1932 she had become well known in Batavia, Dutch East Indies (now Jakarta, Indonesia), as a singer and stage actress. Around this time she met Kartolo, whom she married in 1934. The two acted in the 1937 hit film "Terang Boelan", in which Roekiah and Rd Mochtar played young lovers.
After the film's commercial success, Roekiah, Kartolo, and most of the cast and crew of "Terang Boelan" were signed to Tan's Film, first appearing for the company in their 1938 production "Fatima". They acted together in two more films before Mochtar left the company in 1940; through these films, Roekiah and Mochtar became the colony's first on-screen couple. Mochtar's replacement, Rd Djoemala, acted with Roekiah in four films, although these were less successful. After the Japanese invaded the Indies in 1942, Roekiah took only one more film role before her death; most of her time was used entertaining Japanese forces.
During her life Roekiah was a fashion and beauty icon, featuring in advertisements and drawing comparisons to Dorothy Lamour and Janet Gaynor. Though most of the films in which she appeared are now lost, she has continued to be cited as a film pioneer, and a 1969 article stated that "in her time reached a level of popularity which, one could say, has not been seen since". Of her five children with Kartolo, one – Rachmat Kartolo – entered acting.
Biography.
Early life.
Roekiah was born in Bandung, West Java, Dutch East Indies, in 1917 to Mohammad Ali and Ningsih, actors with the Opera Poesi Indra Bangsawan troupe; Ali was originally from Belitung, while Ningsih was of Sundanese descent and came from Cianjur. Though Roekiah learned acting mainly from her parents, she also studied the craft with other members of their troupe. The trio were constantly travelling, leaving Roekiah with no time for a formal education. By the mid-1920s they were with another troupe, the Opera Rochani.
Roekiah insisted on becoming an actress, despite the opposition of her family, and asked her mother for permission to perform on stage. Ningsih agreed, with one condition: Roekiah could only perform once. When the seven-year-old Roekiah took to the stage for the first time, Mohammad Ali – unaware of the agreement between his wife and daughter – rushed on stage and insisted that Roekiah stop singing. Afterwards, she refused to eat until her parents ultimately relented. Roekiah performed regularly afterwards with the troupe.
By 1932, the year she joined Palestina Opera in Batavia (modern-day Jakarta), Roekiah had become a well-known stage actress and singer of "kroncong" music (traditional music with Portuguese influences). She was admired not only for her voice, but her beauty. While with Palestina she met her future husband Kartolo, an actor, pianist, and songwriter with the troupe; they married when she was seventeen. The new couple took a month's hiatus before joining the group Faroka on a tour in Singapore, and returned to the Indies in 1936.
Film career.
Partnership with Rd Mochtar.
In 1937 Roekiah made her first film appearance as the leading lady in Albert Balink's "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon"). She and her co-star Rd Mochtar played two lovers who elope so that Roekiah's character need not marry an opium smuggler; Kartolo also had a small role. The film was a commercial success, earning over 200,000 Straits dollars during its international release; the Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran credited Roekiah as the "dynamite" which led to this positive reception.
Despite the success of "Terang Boelan", its production company Algemeen Nederlandsch Indisch Filmsyndicaat stopped all work on fiction films. Now jobless and depressed after the death of her mother, according to journalist W. Imong, Roekiah "kept silent, constantly musing as if she were mentally disturbed". In order to distract his wife, Kartolo gathered the other cast members from "Terang Boelan" and established the Terang Boelan Troupe, which toured to Singapore to popular acclaim; this snapped Roekiah out of her melancholy. After the troupe returned to the Indies, most of the cast switched to Tan's Film, including Roekiah and Kartolo; the two also performed with the Lief Java "kroncong" group.
With Tan's, the "Terang Boelan" cast appeared in the 1938 hit "Fatima", starring Roekiah and Rd Mochtar. The film, in which Roekiah played the title role – a young woman who must fend away the advances of a gang leader while falling in love with a fisherman (Rd Mochtar) – closely followed the formula established by "Terang Boelan". Roekiah's acting received wide praise. One reviewer in the Batavia-based "Het Nieuws van den dag voor Nederlandsch-Indië" wrote that Roekiah's "sober personification of injustice in the Malay adat wedding captivates even the European spectator", while another, in the "Bataviaasch Nieuwsblad", found that Roekiah's performance was appreciated by everyone.
"Fatima" was a massive commercial hit, earning 200,000 gulden on a 7,000 gulden budget. Following the film's success, Tan's continued to cast Roekiah with Rd Mochtar. They became the nation's first on-screen celebrity couple and were termed Indonesia's Charles Farrell–Janet Gaynor. The popularity of Roekiah–Rd Mochtar as a screen couple led other studios to follow with their own romantic pairings. The Teng Chun's Java Industrial Film, for instance, paired Mohamad Mochtar and Hadidjah in "Alang-Alang" ("Grass", 1939).
In order to keep their new star, Tan's Film spent a large amount of money. Roekiah and Kartolo received a monthly holding fee of 150 gulden and 50 gulden respectively, twice as much as they had been given for "Terang Boelan". They were also given a house in Tanah Rendah, Batavia. Roekiah and Kartolo, for their part, continued to act for the company; Kartolo often had small, comedic, roles, and Roekiah sang songs her husband had written. In 1939 they appeared together, again with Rd Mochtar as Roekiah's romantic foil, in the Zorro-influenced "Gagak Item". Though not as successful as Roekiah's previous works, the film was still profitable. A reviewer for the "Bataviaasch Nieuwsblad" praised Roekiah's "demure" acting.
Roekiah's last film with Rd Mochtar, "Siti Akbari", was released in 1940. Possibly inspired by a poem of the same name by Lie Kim Hok, the film featured Roekiah in the title role, portraying a long-suffering wife who remains faithful to her husband despite his infidelity. The film was well-received, earning 1,000 gulden on its first night in Surabaya, but was ultimately unable to return profits similar to "Terang Boelan" or "Fatima".
Partnership with Djoemala.
Amidst a wage dispute, Rd Mochtar left Tan's for their competitor Populair Films in 1940. Accordingly, the company began looking for a new on-screen partner for Roekiah. Kartolo asked an acquaintance, a tailor-cum-entrepreneur named Ismail Djoemala to take the part; though Djoemala had never acted before, he had sung with the group Malay Pemoeda in 1929. After Kartolo asked him six times to act for Tan's, Djoemala agreed. The company found the tall and good-looking Djoemala a suitable replacement, and hired him, giving him the stage name Rd Djoemala.
Roekiah and Djoemala made their first film together, "Sorga Ka Toedjoe" ("Seventh Heaven"), later that year. In the film, Roekiah played a young woman who, with the help of her lover, is able to reunite her blind aunt (Annie Landouw) with her estranged husband (Kartolo). This film was a commercial success, and the reviews were positive. One, for the "Soerabaijasch Handelsblad", opined that Djoemala was as good as, if not better, than Rd Mochtar. Another review, for the "Singapore Free Press", wrote that "Roekiah fills the part of the heroine in a most praiseworthy manner". In April of the following year Tan's released "Roekihati", starring Roekiah as a young woman who goes to the city to earn money for her ailing family, ultimately marrying. Her performance received praise from the "Bataviaasch Nieuwsblad", which wrote that she had performed well in the difficult role.
Later in 1941 Roekiah and Djoemala completed "Poesaka Terpendam" ("Buried Treasure"), an action-filled film which followed two groups – the rightful heirs (Roekiah being one of them) and a band of criminals – in a race to find treasure buried in Banten. Roekiah and Djoemala worked on their final film together, "Koeda Sembrani" ("The Enchanted Horse"), in early 1942. In the film, adapted from "One Thousand and One Nights", Roekiah took the role of Princess Shams-al-Nahar and was shown flying on a horse. The film was still incomplete when the Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies began in March 1942, though it was screened by October 1943.
Altogether Roekiah and Djoemala acted in four films in two years. Biran argues this is evidence the company "wasted their treasure", as its competitors used their stars more often; Java Industrial Film, for instance, completed six films starring Moh. Mochtar in 1941 alone. Though Roekiah's films continued to be financial successes, they did not earn as large a profit as her earlier works.
Japanese occupation and death.
Film production in the Indies declined after the Japanese occupation began in early 1942; the overlords forced all but one studio to close. In their place, the Japanese opened their own studio in the Indies, Nippon Eigasha, to produce propaganda for the war effort. Kartolo acted in the studio's only feature film, "Berdjoang" ("Hope of the South"), without Roekiah in 1943. After a hiatus of several years, Roekiah also acted for the studio, taking a role in the short Japanese propaganda film "Ke Seberang" ("To the Other Side") in 1944. However, much of her time was spent touring Java with a theatrical company, entertaining Japanese troops.
Roekiah fell ill in February 1945, not long after completing "Ke Seberang". Despite this, and a miscarriage, she was unable to rest; the Japanese forces insisted that she and Kartolo go on tour to Surabaya, in eastern Java. Upon her return to Jakarta, her condition became worse. After several months of treatment, she died on 2 September 1945, mere weeks after Indonesia proclaimed its independence. Roekiah was buried in Kober Hulu, Jatinegara, Jakarta. Her funeral was attended by several luminaries, including the Minister of Education Ki Hajar Dewantara.
Family.
Roekiah said that she felt Kartolo was a good match with her, stating that the marriage brought them "great fortune". The two had had five children. After Roekiah's death, Kartolo brought the children to his hometown at Yogyakarta. In order to support the family, he took a job with Radio Republik Indonesia, beginning in 1946. There he spent most of the ongoing Indonesian National Revolution, an armed conflict and diplomatic struggle between newly-proclaimed Indonesia and the Dutch Empire in which the newly-proclaimed country attempted to receive international recognition of its independence. After the Dutch military launched Operation Kraai on 19 December 1948, capturing Yogyakarta, Kartolo refused to collaborate with the returning colonial forces. Without a source of income, he fell ill, and died on 18 January 1949.
One of the couple's children died in Yogyakarta, aged ten. The remaining children were brought to Jakarta after the Indonesian National Revolution ended in 1950, where they were raised by Kartolo's close friend Adikarso. One, Rachmat Kartolo, went on to be a singer and actor active up through the 1970s, known for songs such as "Patah Hati" ("Heartbroken") and films such as "Matjan Kemajoran" ("Tiger of Kemayoran"; 1965) and "Bernafas dalam Lumpur" ("Breathing in the Mud"; 1970). Two other sons, Jusuf and Imam, played in a band with their brother before finding careers elsewhere. The couple's daughter, Sri Wahjuni, did not enter the entertainment industry.
Legacy.
The press viewed Roekiah fondly, and her new releases consistently received positive reviews. At the peak of Roekiah's popularity, fans based their fashion decisions on what Roekiah wore on-screen. Roekiah appeared regularly in advertisements, and numerous records with her vocal performances were available on the market. One fan, in a 1996 interview, recalled that Roekiah was "every man's idol", while others christened Roekiah as Indonesia's Dorothy Lamour. Another fan, recalling a performance he had witnessed over fifty years earlier, stated:
After Roekiah's death, the Indonesian film industry searched for a replacement. The film scholar Ekky Imanjaya notes one instance where a film was advertised with the line "Roekiah? No! But Sofia in a new Indonesian film, "Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum"". Roekiah's films were screened regularly, but most are now lost. Movies in the Indies were recorded on highly-flammable nitrate film, and after a fire destroyed much of Produksi Film Negara's warehouse in 1952, old films shot on nitrate were deliberately destroyed. Of Roekiah's œuvre, JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" only records "Koeda Sembrani" as being stored at Indonesia's film archive, Sinematek Indonesia.
Writings about Roekiah after her death often cite her as an idol of Indonesia's film industry. Imanjaya describes her as one of the industry's first beauty icons; he also credits her and Rd Mocthar with introducing the concept of bankable stars to domestic cinema. "Moderna" magazine, in 1969, wrote that "in her time reached a level of popularity which, one could say, has not been seen since". In 1977 "Keluarga" magazine styled her one of Indonesia's "pioneering film stars", writing that hers was "a natural talent, a combination of her personality and the tenderness and beauty of her face, always filled with romance".

</doc>
<doc id="36709834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709834" title="Ice hockey in Australia">
Ice hockey in Australia

Ice hockey in Australia is only a moderately popular sport, with low participation and spectator attendance figures when compared with many other sports played in the country. 
However, the establishment of the semi-professional Australian Ice Hockey League (abbreviated as AIHL) in 2000 (in place of the collapsed former state-based national competition) has seen an increase in popularity for the sport, a trend which continued in 2012 with the successful expansion of the league into Western Australia with the inclusion of Perth-based side Perth Thunder and the introduction of a two-conference competition. 
The AIHL is the top-level ice hockey league in Australia, and the largest league in the Southern Hemisphere. The Australian Women's Ice Hockey League (AWIHL) is the top-level women's competition and was formed in 2005.
Ice hockey in Australia is governed nationally by the Australian Ice Hockey Federation (currently trading as "Ice Hockey Australia"), formed in 1923 as the Australian Ice Hockey Association. Australia is an active full-member of the International Ice Hockey Federation having been admitted to the federation in 1938. 
As of 2012 there are approximately 3,200 registered ice hockey players in Australia.
History.
The history of ice hockey in Australia can be traced to the opening, in 1904, of the country's first ice rink in Adelaide, South Australia, where informal games of bandy were first played. The first organised game of the Canadian sport of ice hockey was held in Melbourne on the 12th of July, 1906, between a local Melbourne team and a team from the crew of a visiting United States warship, the USS Baltimore.
In 1909 state teams from Victoria and New South Wales first contested the Goodall Cup, which has since served continuously as the trophy awarded to the winners of the annual national competition (with hiatuses for the two World Wars, the closure of the Sydney Glaciarium in the late 1950s and for a single year in 1993), thus making the Goodall Cup the third-oldest still awarded ice hockey trophy in the world, and the oldest outside of Canada.
Organisation.
Ice Hockey Australia has seven state and territory-based affiliate associations across Australia which are in turn responsible for the organisation of the sport at the state and territory level.
International competition.
Australia's performance in international competition has been ordinary, qualifying for the Winter Olympic Games only once in 1960. As of 2012 the men's national team is ranked 32nd in the International Ice Hockey Federation's rankings; the women's national team is ranked 24th. 2012 saw the inaugural Trans-Tasman Champions League games between the previous season's two top-ranked sides from both the Australian Ice Hockey League and the New Zealand Ice Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="36709839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709839" title="R. palmarum">
R. palmarum

R. palmarum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36709859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709859" title="Raadio Uuno">
Raadio Uuno

Raadio Uuno is an Estonian radio station.
The station began operating in 1994, becoming the first music channel in Estonia. Radio Uuno is owned by the largest radio group in Estonia AS TRIO LSL. They have Eesti Top 40, official charts of Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="36709867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709867" title="Joan Massià">
Joan Massià

Joan Massià i Prats (Barcelona, 14 February 1890 - 11 June 1969) was a Catalan composer and violinist.
His first wife was the pianist and student of d'Indy, :fr:Blanche Selva (1884-1942), with whom Massià recorded the Franck violin sonata and other works. After her death he remarried; his second wife was the Spanish pianist María Carbonell (1911-1988). His students included the violinist Gonzalo Cornelias.
Own compositions, editions and recordings.
Recording

</doc>
<doc id="36709881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709881" title="Ria van Velsen">
Ria van Velsen

Maria Martina "Ria" van Velsen (born 22 March 1943 in The Hague) is a retired Dutch backstroke swimmer who participated in the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. In 1960, she was sevenths individually in the 100m backstroke event. She was also part of the Dutch medley team that broke the 4×100 m medley Olympic record in the preliminaries; however, they finished fourth in the final. She also won two medals at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships, and set four world records: three in 100m backstroke (1958, 1959, 1960) and one in the 4×100 m medley relay (1964).

</doc>
<doc id="36709898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709898" title="2012 Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup – Doubles">
2012 Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup – Doubles

Julian Knowle and Michael Kohlmann were the defending champions, but decided not to participate.<br>
Lukáš Dlouhý and Michal Mertiňák won the title, defeating Philipp Marx and Florin Mergea 5–7, 7–5, [10–7] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36709900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709900" title="P. L. Punia">
P. L. Punia

Panna Lal Punia, usually known as P. L. Punia, is an Indian politician and member of the Lok Sabha representing Barabanki (Lok Sabha constituency). He is a Dalit leader of the Indian National Congress party. He is also Chairperson of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and as such sits "ex officio" on the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
In July 2012, Punia appeared in the popular TV show "Satyamev Jayate", hosted by Bollywood star Aamir Khan, to raise awareness of discrimination against scheduled castes.
Early life.
He was born on 23 January 1945 to Bharat Singh and Dakhan Devi in the Jhajjar district of the Punjab region (now Haryana), British India. He took an M.A. from Panjab University, Chandigarh and a PhD from Lucknow University, Uttar Pradesh. In 1970 he joined the Indian Administrative Service (IAS), becoming District Magistrate in Aligarh during 1982–85.

</doc>
<doc id="36709908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709908" title="Saadi Love Story">
Saadi Love Story

Saadi Love Story is a Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill, Diljit Dosanjh, Surveen Chawla and Neetu Singh. Jimmy Shergill is the co-producer and Dheeraj Rattan is the director as well as the screenplay writer. This is Dheeraj Rattan's debut movie as a director.
Music for the film is given by Jaidev Kumar. Earlier Dheeraj Kumar had been involved in screenplay and dialogues for many Punjabi movies, the first being Jiney Mera Dil Luteya.
Music.
The music is composed by Jaidev Kumar (of "Dil Le Gayi Kudi Gujrat Di" fame).
Reception.
Punjabiportal praised the film for its non-linear narrative and experimental plot. Most of the praise went to Surveen Chawala, Diljit Dosanjh and Amrinder Gill for their good acting.
Ballewood.in gave a rating of 3 out of 5, indicating that "Saadi Love Story" is a one-time-watch. The reviewer writes, ""Saadi Love Story" rolls out an interesting plot with suspense maintained in it throughout the movie, which ultimately culminates into something that isn't predictable!" On the downside, it noted that "The movie defies logic big time, is irrational, comic book type, and totally make-believe."
Box office.
The Film has been declared an Average fair at Box-Office.

</doc>
<doc id="36709916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709916" title="Lensmann">
Lensmann

Lensmann (lit. "fief man"; Old Norwegian: "lénsmaðr") is in Norway a leader of a police district known as "lensmannsdistrikt".
The modern lensmann office descends directly from the medieval and post-medieval "bondelensmann" (English: "farmer lensmann"). The farmer lensmann was originally appointed among farmers by the sysselmann. In post-medieval times a typical candidate to the lensmann office was a so-called "good farmer", being of a wealthy family and/or enjoying respect or holding a leading position in the local society, and he was also elected by other good farmers in their function as lagrette (English: "lay judge"). When the office of fogd was introduced the farmer lensmanns in each "fogderi" were placed under him. In 1660 there were between 300 and 350 lensmanns in Norway.
The word must not be confused with a "lensherre" (English: "fief lord") or the noble title of lendmann. In medieval and early modern times this was a person who received a len (fief) from a feudal lord, a sysselmann or the King.

</doc>
<doc id="36709920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709920" title="Larry Hornbeck">
Larry Hornbeck

Larry Hornbeck (born September 17, 1943) is an American engineer who took part in the realization of the DLP CINEMA technology while working at Texas Instruments (TI).
Life and career.
Larry Hornbeck received a Ph.D. in physics from Case Western Reserve University in 1974. He joined TI in 1973 and he began work on optical microelectromechanical systems in 1977. 
Larry Hornbeck had manufactured and demonstrated the first DMD in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36709936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709936" title="Prabuddha Dasgupta">
Prabuddha Dasgupta

Prabuddha Dasgupta (21 September 1956 – 12 August 2012) was a noted fashion and fine-art photographer from India. Known for his iconic black and white imagery, he had an extended career, primarily as a fashion photographer, spanning more than three decades. Amongst his books, he is most known for "Women" (1996), a collection of portraits and nudes of urban Indian women.
Biography.
Early life and background.
Prabuddha Dasgupta was born in Kolkata in September 1956. His father was noted sculptor, Pradosh Das Gupta., who was the curator of National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA), Delhi from 1957 to 1970, and the family stayed within the premises. In 1970s, his father moved to Jangpura Extension, a well-known artists’ colony in Delhi, where he stayed for most of his career. He graduated in History from Hindu College, University of Delhi, 1973-1975.
Career.
Though he was he trained as a historian, he started his career as copywriter with advertising agency Everest, before turning to photography full-time in late 1980s. During his career as a commercial photographer, which took off with a campaign for Blue Lagoon Jeans, Dasgupta worked with the first generation of Indian supermodels like Madhu Sapre, Feroze Gujral, Shyamolie Verma and Mehr Jesia. According to historian, William Dalrymple, with whom he worked on his book "Edge of Faith", “Rohit Khosla and Rohit Bal, along with Prabuddha, invented glamour in India.” A self-taught photographer, he received the Yves Saint Laurent grant for photography in 1991, for his photograph of model Feroze Gujral, shot for designer Suneet Varma.
He shot the first advertisements of KamaSutra condoms in 1991, with models Pooja Bedi and Marc Robinson, which not only became popular, but also turned KS into India's top-selling condom brand Another controversial ad campaign he shot, was for 'Tuff Shoes' in 1995, which featured top models, Milind Soman and Madhu Sapre.
Over the years, Dasgupta worked for several leading magazines, like Vogue, Elle, Harper’s Bazaar and GQ. He published several art books of his photographs, including "Women" (1996), which got him instant acclaim, "Ladakh" (2000) featured extensive landscapes of Ladakh, and his 2009 book "Edge of Faith" authored by William Dalrymple, with portraits of the Catholic community in Goa, was published in 2009. His work has been internationally exhibited, in solo and group shows and part of the collections at Museo Ken Damy, Brescia (Italy) and Galleria Carla Sozzani, Milan. His first personal show titled, "Longing" was held in New York in 2007, and was reviewed by "The Paris Review". During his career he also mentored "a generation" of photographers, including Tarun Khiwal and Bharat Sikka, who assisted him in the 1990s.
In his later years, he moved to Goa. He died in Alibaug near Mumbai, following a heart attack on way to Mumbai airport, after a fashion shoot in Alibaug, at the age of 55. A memorial meeting in his honor was held on August 25, 2013 at NGMA, New Delhi, wherein tributes were paid to him by Mira Nair, Raghu Rai, Dayanita Singh amongst others; the gathering ended with audio-visual montage of his works.
As a tribute to him, the theme of the 2nd Delhi Photo Festival (2013) was chosen as "Grace", inspired by a talk he gave at the 1st edition of the festival in 2011, "I want to have a long string of images, held together by grace, because grace is that undefineable, non rational, non linear word that I am looking for…." .
Personal life.
During the last decade of his life he was in a relationship with model Lakshmi Menon whom he had extensively photographed and with whom lived in Goa. However, he never got divorced from his wife, Tania with whom he had two daughters, Aleeya and Amaaya. His elder brother, Pradeep Dasgupta is also a photographer, with whom he has organized a retrospective of his father's sculptures at Delhi's Lalit Kala Akademi in April, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36709937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709937" title="Andrei Dmitriev">
Andrei Dmitriev

Andrei Dmitriev (, born September 12, 1979, Saint Petersburg) is a Russian political dissident, publicist, member of National Bolshevik Party since 1996, co-founder of coalition The Other Russia and one of leaders of the eponymous political party The Other Russia. He works as a journalist.
Biography.
Dmitriev was born in Saint Petersburg. He studied in Herzen State Pedagogical University of Russia.
Political career.
Since 1996 Dmitriev has been a member of the National Bolshevik Party. In 2001 he became a member of its Central Committee. In 2008 Dmitriev was one of the organizers of the Dissenters' March. In 2009 Dmitriev was one of the organizers of Strategy-31 in Saint Petersburg. Dmitriev was repeatedly detained during Strategy-31 actions. In 2010 Dmitriev co-founded the political party The Other Russia and became leader of its Saint Petersburg branch.
Filmography.
Andrei Dmitriev is one of the main character in the documentary The Revolution That Wasn't and one of the main character in the French documentary "Les Enfants terribles de Vladimir Vladimirovitch Poutine".

</doc>
<doc id="36709938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709938" title="Arnon Goldfinger">
Arnon Goldfinger

Arnon Goldfinger (born 1963) is an Israeli film director and scriptwriter known for his films The Komediant and The Flat.
Biography.
Arnon Goldfinger was born in Ramat Gan, Israel, to parents who immigrated from Germany and Czechoslovakia. As a youth he spent many hours sitting at the chess board, eventually becoming one of the most exceptional young chess players in Israel. He attended Tel Aviv University where he majored in cinema with a minor in philosophy. He completed his studies with honors and in 1987 was chosen as the outstanding student in the faculty of the arts and was granted the Rector’s Scholarship. In 1990 he became the director of the Third International Student Film Festival in Tel Aviv. In the summer of 1990 Goldfinger was selected, as one of 12 students from around Europe, to take part in the European summer film school in Belgrade with renowned Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi as the lead instructor. Upon graduation he began teaching directing and scriptwriting at the leading film schools in Israel including the Sam Spiegel Film School, Maaleh, Camera Obscura and the film department at Tel Aviv University where he teaches till this day.
Directing career.
The Komediant
Arnon Goldfinger’s first full length film was released in 1999. "The Komediant" is a documentary about the Burstein family - Yiddish vaudeville artists - Mike Burstein (stage name Mike Burstyn), his parents and twin sister - and touches on the history of Yiddish theater. Goldfinger worked on this film for four years and in May 2000 the film was released theatrically in Israel, becoming the first documentary film in years that was commercially released. The film was widely acclaimed and Goldfinger was chosen by the mainstream daily "Yedioth Ahronoth" as one of the top five people in cinema that year. In 2002 "The Komediant" was theatrically released in the US. It was distributed by New Yorker Films and screened at over 50 cinemas nationwide, including Lincoln Plaza in New York City and at dozens of film festivals. The Chicago Film Critics dubbed the film one of the year's top five documentaries.
The Flat
In 2011 Goldfinger’s second full length film was released. "The Flat" is an Israeli- German coproduction whose German partner is the production company Zero One Film. 
The film opens with the director and members of his family gathered in his grandmother’s apartment shortly after her death, in order to clear out the contents. There Goldfinger soon finds various items that reveal an astonishing chapter in the family's history - a chapter that had been kept under wraps for decades.
"The Flat" had its premiere at the 2011 Jerusalem Film Festival. In his review, critic Avner Shavit calls the film “one of the best Israeli documentary films of all time” and added “the audience at the screening yesterday experienced a sort of state of shock from the experience”. In September 2011 "The Flat" was theatrically released in Israel where it has been receiving rave reviews. Time Out Tel Aviv placed the film at the top of its recommended list for more than 30 weeks under the headline: “not to be missed”. The publication also chose the film as one of the 25 most significant works of art for the year 2011. The Flat was commercially released in Germany in June 2012 and in the USA in October 2012. The film won many film awards including the Israeli Film Academy Award for Best Documentary ("Ophir") 2011 and was among the three final nominees for the German Film Academy Award for Best Documentary ("Lola") 2013 and among the final nominees for the German TV Grimme Award 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="36709979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36709979" title="Talagunda pillar inscription">
Talagunda pillar inscription

The Tālagunda pillar inscription is an epigraphic record giving an account of the Kadamba dynasty. It was set up in the time of the Kadamba king Śāntivarman (c. 455-60).
Location.
The pillar is located beside the Śiva temple of Prāṇaveśvara in Talagunda village, Shikaripur taluk in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India.
Publication.
The inscription was published in "Epigraphia Carnatica" by the celebrated pioneer of historical studies in Karṇāṭaka B. L. Rice. An edition was also published by Kielhorn in "Epigraphia Indica". Sircar included the record in his "Select Inscriptions". More recent collections have included the inscription again, notably those by B. R. Gopal, and G. S. Gai.
Description and Contents.
This famous inscription, carved vertically on the shaft of the pillar, opens with praise to Sthāṇu i.e. Śiva and recounts the foundation of Kadamba power by Mayūraśarman (for this personality see Mayurasharma). This family of Brāhmaṇas, who belonged to Mānavyagotra, are said to have acquired the name Kadamba from a Kadamba tree near their home. Mayūraśarman went to Pallavendrapurī (i.e. Kāñcī) with his teacher Vīraśarman to complete his studies. Because of a quarrel at the time of a horse-sacrifice ("aśvamedha") orangised for the Pallava king where the Brāhmaṇas were not treated with proper respect by the Kṣatriyas, Mayūraśarman became enraged and, taking up the sword, took refuge in Śrīparvata. From there harassed the Pallava frontier and levied tribute from Bṛhat Bāṇa and others. The Pallavas eventually acknowledged him as the king of the country between Aparārṇava (the Western Ocean) and Preharā. Mayūraśarman's son was Kaṅgavarman, described in the record as "famous in battle." His son Bhagīratha was the father of Raghu who was a poet and a scholar. Raghu’s brother was Kākusthavarman (c. 435-55) who "was like the sun and by means of rays (daughters) caused the lotuses of Gupta and other royal families to bloom in friendless, eagerness and love." He came to Sthānakundūru on a hunting expedition and near the temple of Mahādeva who had been worshipped by Śātakarṇi and others previously, caused a big tank to be excavated. His son who had three crowns was Śāntivarman. Śāntivarman caused this inscription to be made. It was composed by the poet Kubja.
Metrics.
Verses 1-24 - Mаtrаsamakaviśеṣa or Miśragaṇagītikа; 25-26 - Puṣpitаgrа; 27,30-31,34 - Vasantatilakа; 28 - Śаrdуla-vikрī
ita, 29 - Mandаkrаntа; 32 - Indravajrа; 33 - Daṇḍakapracitacaṇḍavеga or Arṇava.
Text.
1 siddham [||] namaś-Śivāya || Jayati viśvadеSthānu(ṇu)r-indu-raśmi-vichchhurita-dyutimaj-jaṭābhāra-maṇḍanaḥ || [1* Tam=anu bhūsurā dvija-pravarās=sāma-rg-yajur-vvеda-vаdinaḥ yat-prasādas=trāyatе nityaṃ bhuvana-trayam pāpmanо bhayāt || Anupadaṃ Surеndra-tulya-[vapuḥ=Kākusthavarmmā=viśāla-dhīḥ bhūpatiḥ=Kadāmba-sеnānī-bṛhad-anvaya-vy[о]ma-candramāḥ) 2 || Atha babhūva dvija-kulaṃ prāṃśu vicharad-guṇ-еndvaṃśu-maṇḍalam tryārṣavartma-Hāritīputram=ṛiṣi-mukhya-Mānavya-gоtra-jam || [4* Vividha-yajñ-āvabhṛitha-puṇy-āmbu-niyat-ābhiṣеk-ārdra-mūrddhajam pravacan-āvagāha-niṣṇātaṃ vidhivat=samiddḥ-āgni sоma-pam || [5*] Praṇava-pūrvva-ṣa
vidhāddhyеya-nānardyamān-āntarālayam || akṛśa-chāturmmāsya-hоm-еṣṭi-paśu-pаrvvaṇa-śrаddha-pauṣṭikam [||*6*] 3 atithi-nityasaṃśrit-āvasathaṃ savanatray-āvandhya-naityakam (|) gṛha-samīpa-dеśa-sāṃrū
ha-vikasat-kadamb-aika-pādapam || Tad-upachāravat=tad=āsya tarоs=sānāmnya-sādharmyam=asya tat (|*) pravavṛtе satīrtthya-viprāṇāṃ prāchuryyatas=tad-viśеṣaṇam || [8*|| Evam=āgatе Kadamba-kulе śrīmān=babhūva dvij-оttamaḥ (|*) nāmatо Mayūraśarmm=еti śruta-śīla-śaucḥ-ādy-alaṃkрtaḥ[||] 4 Yah prayāya Pallavеndra-purīṃ guruṇā samaṃ Vīraśarmmaṇā (|*) adhijigāṃsuḥ=pravacanaṃ-nnikhilaṃ ghaṭikāṃ vivеś=āśu tarkkukaḥ || [10* Tatra Pallav-āśvasaṃsthеna kalahеna tīvrеṇa rоṣitaḥ Kali-yugе=sminn=ahо bata kṣatrāt=paripеlavā vipratā yataḥ [||*11*] Guru-kulāni samyag=ārāddhya śākhām=adhīty=āpi yatnataḥ (|*) brahma-siddhir=yyadi nṛp-ādhīnā kim=atah=paraṃ duhkham=ity=ataḥ [||] 5 Kuśa-samid-dṛṣat-srug-ājya-caru-grahaṇ-ādi-dakṣеṇa pāṇinā (|*) udvavarha dīptimacḥ=chhastraṃ vijigīṣamāṇо vasundharām || [13* Yо=ntapālān=Pallavеndrāṇāṃ sahasā vinirjjitya saṃyugе addhyuvāsa durggamām=aṭavīṃ Śrīparvvata-dvāra-saṃśritām || [14*] Ādadе karān=Bṛhad-Bāṇa-pramukhād=bahуn=rājamаṇ
alāt (|*) еvam=еbhi=Pallavеndrāṇāṃ bhṛkuṭī samutpatti-kāraṇaiḥ || 6 Svapratijñā-pāraṇ-оtthāna-laghubhiḥ=kṛt-ārtthaiś=cha chеṣṭitaiḥ bhūṣaṇair=iv=ābabhau balavad-yātrā-samutthāpanеna cha || [16* Abhiyuyukṣay=āgatеṣu bhṛśaṃ Kāñchī-narеndrеṣv=arātiṣu viṣama-|| [17* Prāpya sеnā-sāgaraṃ tеṣāṃ prāhan balī śyеnavat=tadā āpadan=tān=dhārayām-āsa bhujakha
gamāttra-||[18* 7 Pallavеndrā-аyasya śaktim=imāṃ labdhvā pratāp-ānvayāv=api n=āsya hāniś=śrеyas=īty=uktvā yam=mitram=еv=āśu vavrirе || Saṃśritas=tadā mahīpālān=ārāddhya yuddhеṣu vikramaiḥ prāpa paṭṭabandha-saṃpūjаṃ kara-pallavaih-Pallavair=ddhṛtаm || [20||* Bhaṅgur-оrmmi-valgitair=nṛtyad-aparārṇav-āmbhaḥ-kṛt-āvadhim (|*) Prеhar-āntām=ananya-saṃcharaṇa-samaya-sthitāṃ bhūmim=еva cha || [21*] 8 Vibudha-saṃgha-mauli-saṃmṛṣṭa-charaṇāravindaṣ=Ṣa
ānanaḥ yam=abhiṣiktavān=anudhyāya Sеnāpatiṃ mātṛbhis=saha || Tasya putraḥ=Kaṅgavarmm=оgra-samar-оddh[ura-prā[ṃ]śu-chеṣṭitah (|*) praṇata-sarvva-maṇḍal-оtkоddh[ūta-śеkharaḥ || Tat-s[utaḥ=Kadamba-bhūmivadhū-ruchit-aikanāthо Bhagīrathaḥ Sagara-mukhya=sKadamba-kule prach[cchanjan-ādhipaḥ [||*24* 9 Atha nṛpa-mahitasya tasya putraḥ prathita-yaśā Raghu-pārtthivaḥ pṛthu-śrīḥ Pṛthur=iva pṛthivīm= prasahya yо=rīn akṛta parākramatas=svava|| [25* Pratibhaya-samarеṣv=arāti-śastr-оllikhita-mukhо=bhimukha-dviṣāā śrutipatha-nipuṇaḥ=kaviḥ pradātā vividha-kalā-kuśalaḥ -prajā-priyaś=cha [26* 10 Bhrāt=āsya chāru-vapur=abda-gabhīra-nādо mоkṣa-trivargga-paṭur=anvaya-vatsalaś=cha Bhāgīrathir=nnarapatir=mṛgarāja-līlaḥ Kākustha ity=avani-maṇḍala-ghuṣṭa-kīrttiḥ || Jyāyоbhis=saha vigrahо=rtthiṣu dayā samyak= prajā-pālanam dīn-ābhyuddharaṇaṃ pradhāna-vasubhir=mukhya-dvij-ābhyarhaṇam 11 yasy=aitat=kula-bhуūṣaṇasya nṛpatеḥ prajñ-оttaraṃ bhūṣaṇam tam=bhūpāḥ= khalu mеnirе sura-sakhaṃ Kākustham=atr=āgatam || [28* Gharmm-ākkrāntā iva mṛga-gaṇā vṛkṣa-r[ā*]jiṃ praviśya chchhāyā-sеvā- mṛ
ita-manasо nirvṛtiṃ prāpnuvanti tadvaj=jyāyо-vihata-gatayо bāndhavās=s-ānubandhāḥ prāpuś=śarmm=āvyathita-manasо yasya bhūm[ iṃ] praviśya || 12 Nānāvidha-draviṇa-sāra-samuchchayеṣu matta-dvipеndra-mada-vāsita-gоpurеṣu saṃgīta-valgu-ninadеṣu gṛhеṣu yasya Lakṣmy-aṅganā dhṛtimatī suciraṃ cha rеmе || [30* Gupt-ādi-pаrthiva-kul-āmburuha-sthalāni snеh-ādara-praṇaya-sambhrama-kеsarāṇi śrīmanty=anеka-nṛpa-ṣaṭpada-sеvithāni yо=bоdhayad=duhitṛ-dīdhitibhir=nṛp-ārkkaḥ || [31*] 13. Yan=daiva-sampannam=adīna-chеṣṭaṃ śakti-ttray-оpеtam=atḥ=āsana-stham śеṣair guṇaiḥ pañchabhir=apy=asāddhyās= sāmanta-chū
āmaṇayaḥ praṇеmuḥ|| Say=iha bhagavatо Bhavaśy=ādi-dеvasya siddhy-ālaye siddha-gā(ga)ndharvva-rakṣо-gaṇais=sеvitе-vividha-niyama-hоma-dīkṣā-parair=brāh[maṇai snātakai stūyamānе sadā mantra-vādaiś=śubhaiḥ 14 sukṛtibhir=avanīśvarair=ātma-niśśrеyasaṃ prеpsubhis=Sātakarṇy-ādibhiś śraddhay=ābhyarchchitе idam=uru-salil-оpayоg-āśrayaṃ bhūpati kārayām=āsa Kākusthavarmmā ta аkām=ma|| Tasy=aurasasya tanaya[sya viśāla-kīrttеḥ śrī-Śānti-varmmā-nṛpatеr=vvara-śаsana-sthaḥ Kubjas=sva-kāvyam=idam=aśma-talе lilеkha || [34* 15 Namо bhagavatе Sthānakundūra-vаsinе Mahādеvāya [|*] Nandatu sarvva-samant-āgatо=yam=adhivāsaḥ [|*] Svasti prajābhya iti [||]

</doc>
<doc id="36710027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710027" title="Rainbows in culture">
Rainbows in culture

The rainbow, a natural phenomenon noted for its beauty and its place in the sky, has been a favorite component of art and religion throughout history.
Religious belief.
The rainbow has a place in legend owing to its beauty and the historical difficulty in explaining the phenomenon.
In Greco-Roman mythology, the rainbow was considered to be a path made by a messenger (Iris) between Earth and Heaven.
In Chinese mythology, the rainbow was a slit in the sky sealed by goddess Nüwa using stones of five different colours.
In Hindu religion, the rainbow is called "Indradhanush", meaning "the bow (Sanskrit and Hindi: "dhanush" is bow) of Indra, the god of lightning, thunder and rain". Another Indian mythology says the rainbow is the bow of Rama, the incarnation of Vishnu. It is called "Rangdhonu" in Bengali, "dhonu" (dhanush) meaning bow. Likewise, in mythology of Arabian Peninsula, the rainbow, called "Qaus Quzaħ" in Arabic, is the war bow of the god Quzaħ.
In Armenian mythology the rainbow is a belt of Tir, a Sun god.
In Norse Mythology, a rainbow called the Bifröst Bridge connects the realms of Ásgard and Midgard, homes of the gods and humans, respectively
The Irish leprechaun's secret hiding place for his pot of gold is usually said to be at the end of the rainbow. This place is impossible to reach, because the rainbow is an optical effect which depends on the location of the viewer. When walking towards the end of a rainbow, it will appear to "move" further away (two people who simultaneously observe a rainbow at different locations will disagree about where a rainbow is).
Another ancient portrayal of the rainbow is given in the Epic of Gilgamesh: the rainbow is the "jewelled necklace of the Great Mother Ishtar" that she lifts into the sky as a promise that she "will never forget these days of the great flood" that destroyed her children. (The Epic of Gilgamesh, Tablet Eleven)
Then Ishtar arrived. She lifted up the necklace of great jewels that her father, Anu, had created to please her and said, "Heavenly gods, as surely as this jewelled necklace hangs upon my neck, I will never forget these days of the great flood. Let all of the gods except Enlil come to the offering. Enlil may not come, for without reason he brought forth the flood that destroyed my people."
According to Genesis, after Noah's flood God put the rainbow in the sky as the sign of His promise that He would never again destroy the earth with flood (Genesis 9:13–17):
I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth. And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud: And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth. And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints founder and prophet Joseph Smith stated that the second coming of the Christ would not occur in any year in which a rainbow is seen.
In the Dreamtime of Australian Aboriginal mythology, the rainbow snake is the deity governing water.
In Amazonian cultures, rainbows have long been associated with malign spirits that cause harm, such as miscarriages and (especially) skin problems. In the Amuesha language of central Peru, certain diseases are called "ayona’achartan", meaning "the rainbow hurt my skin". A tradition of closing one's mouth at the sight of a rainbow in order to avoid disease appears to pre-date the Incan empire.
In New Age and Hindu philosophy, the seven colours of the rainbow represent the seven chakras, from the first chakra (red) to the seventh chakra (violet).
Art.
Rainbows are generally described as very colourful and peaceful. The rainbow occurs often in paintings. Frequently these have a symbolic or programmatic significance (for example, Albrecht Dürer's Melancholia I). In particular, the rainbow appears regularly in religious art (for example, Joseph Anton Koch's "Noah's Thank Offering"). Romantic landscape painters such as Turner and Constable were more concerned with recording fleeting effects of light (for example, Constable's Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows). Other notable examples appear in work by Hans Memling, Caspar David Friedrich, and Peter Paul Rubens.
In contemporary visual art, the rainbow often appears as well, notably in Peter Coffin's "Untitled (Rainbow)", 2005, and in Ugo Rondinone's "Hell, Yes!", 2001. Like many other cultural references to the rainbow, these either emphasize the possible sublimity of the natural world or the cheerfulness, joy, and celebration often culturally associated with a profusion of colors.
In 2012, American artist, Michael Jones McKean created a large-scale artwork, "The Rainbow". The project created, impart, a fully sustainable prismatic rainbow using thousands of gallons of pressurized harvested rainwater, at times stretching several city blocks in size.
Literature.
Judith Bauer Stamper's 1987 Find Your Fate book "Jem and The Holograms #3: The Secret of Rainbow Island ", involves the reader in saving Rainbow Island, a tropical island that frequently has rainbows.
American legend retelling "The Rough Face Girl" involves the heroines seeing an invisible Chief, who wears a rainbow as a sash.
Stephen King's 1985 book 'It" features a scene where Ben Hanscom sees a spray bow while fighting with Henry Bowers in The Barrens, and comments on finding gold at the end of it.
The 1983 "Care Bears " book "A Sister for Ben" involves Cheer Bear, whose tummy symbol is a rainbow, telling Ben he will see a rainbow when his sister says her first word.
Dan Piraro's comic strip "Bizzaro " featured a 2008 cartoon about fictional pirate Rainbowbeard in response to Proposition 8.
The rainbow inspires metaphor and simile. Virginia Woolf in "To the Lighthouse" highlights the transience of life and Man's mortality through Mrs Ramsey's thought,
Wordsworth's 1802 poem "My Heart Leaps Up" begins:
The Newtonian deconstruction of the rainbow is said to have provoked John Keats to lament in his 1820 poem "":
In contrast to this is Richard Dawkins; talking about his book "Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder":
"My title is from Keats, who believed that Newton had destroyed all the poetry of the rainbow by reducing it to the prismatic colours. Keats could hardly have been more wrong, and my aim is to guide all who are
tempted by a similar view, towards the opposite conclusion. Science is, or ought to be, the inspiration for great poetry."
Flags.
Rainbow flags tend to be used as a sign of a new era, of hope, or of social change. Rainbow flags have been used in many places over the centuries: in the German Peasants' War in the 16th century, as a symbol of the Cooperative movement; as a symbol of peace, especially in Italy; to represent the Tawantin Suyu, or Inca territory, mainly in Peru and Bolivia; by some Druze communities in the Middle east; by the Jewish Autonomous Oblast; to represent the International Order of Rainbow for Girls since the early 1920s, and as a symbol of gay pride and LGBT social movements since the 1970's. In the 1990's, Archibishop Desmond Tutu and President Nelson Mandela described the newly democratic South Africa as the "rainbow nation".

</doc>
<doc id="36710039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710039" title="Steve Gore">
Steve Gore

Steve Gore is an English magician from Bradford, West Yorkshire. He is probably best known as the creator of the bestselling effects "Trick Photography, Visions from Vegas & The Casino Con" Trick photography was stated as "Close up trick of the year" in 2010 by MagicWeek and given the title "Worker of the week" from the Wizard Product Review. 
Here is his showreel 
He is a Past President of the Northern Magic Circle and the Bradford Magic Circle, and a member of the International Brotherhood of Magicians (British Ring). He has been interested in magic most of his life but joined the Bradford Magic Circle in 1992. He also lectures his own created magic effects for magic clubs and conventions. He has lectured for over a dozen magic clubs throughout the country including The British Magical Society, Blackpool Magicians Club, Modern Mystic Leagure, and the 2012 IBM British Ring 'Best of British' Convention.
Gore has recently been performing a stage magic act with his eldest daughter Deanna, who is currently only 9 years old. Together they are Make Believe Magic, and have appeared at several magic gala shows including the Bradford Magic Circle's Hey Presto show in March 2011, the Northern Magic Circle's Best of British Gala show in Scarborough in Apr 2012 and are due to appear at the IBM British Ring Presidential Dinner Cabaret in 2013. Deanna has been performing since the age of two. She now performs solo and has a Frozen themed stage act to "Let it Go" here
Gore has appeared at the world famous Magic Castle in Hollywood, LA, performing in the Parlour of Prestadigitation for 21 shows in June 2014. Video http://www.magiccastle.com

</doc>
<doc id="36710079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710079" title="Acoustic (Nouvelle Vague album)">
Acoustic (Nouvelle Vague album)

Acoustic is a live album recording of a Nouvelle Vague concert from Auditório Municipal Augusto Cabrita in Barreiro, Portugal. As indicated by the album name all songs are acoustic versions taken from the band's previous studio albums "Nouvelle Vague", "Bande à Part" and "3", except "Sweet Dreams" and "Relax".

</doc>
<doc id="36710086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710086" title="Works of Nathaniel Hitch">
Works of Nathaniel Hitch

The Works of Nathaniel Hitch enumerates the types of projects that Nathaniel Hitch was involved in over the course of his career, roughly from 1871 to 1935.
Hitch ran his own business, first as a sole worker and later with hired employees to assist in the execution of work. Most of his work came through business relationships that he had with architects. John Loughborough Pearson provided commissions for Hitch over the course of his career, providing more than 75% of his work.
Notable works.
All Saints’ Church in Hove, Sussex.
All Saints Church in Hove, Sussex, commissioned by the Reverend Thomas Peacey, was designed by John Loughborough Pearson but actually built with the assistance of his son Frank. Hitch’s work here is arguably some of his best and the carving on the reredos and the bishop's throne is of the very highest standard. Pevsner described the reredos as "sumptuously carved." Hitch also carved the sedilia.
Beverley Minster.
The original reredos and altar screen at Beverley Minster was erected in the reign of Edward III between circa 1320-1340. At the time of the dissolution of the Beverley College of Secular Canons in 1547, the eastern face of the screen remained nearly as it was when built but the statuary on the western front was demolished and much of the carving mutilated. All that remained was covered over with plaster upon which was painted the Commandments, the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed. In 1825-6 the reredos was rebuilt by Mr. Comins, the master mason, but this reconstruction fell short of filling the 12 niches and decorating the 36 panels. In 1897, and to John Loughborough Pearson’s designs, Hitch carved twelve statues for the screen, this due to the generosity of Canon Nolloth who put up the required funds. Nolloth also funded completion of the thirty six panels which were filled by opus sectile mosaic by Messrs. Powell. Several photographs of Hitch's work are shown below courtesy of John Phillips of the Friends of Beverley Minster.
Hitch also carved sixteen figures for the Beverley Minster organ screen which was designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott, made by James Elwell of Beverley, and completed in 1885. Hitch’s figures include King David with a harp, Jubal, Miriam, St Ambrose and an angel with a hurdy-gurdy.
The Black Friar.
John Betjeman declared the public house the Black Friar to be "the most perfect art nouveau in London" and this public house designed by Herbert Fuller-Clark, boasts sculptural work by Hitch, Frederick T Callcot, Henry Poole and E.J. and A.T. Bradford. It dates back to around 1875 but it was Alfred Pettitt, who was the publican there in the first quarter of the twentieth century, who commissioned a total make-over. Pettitt called in H.Fuller-Clark and he was to transform the building! Hitch and Callcott worked on the first phase of the building's decoration in around 1905 with Hitch carving a series of stone grotesques on the exterior and similar work in wood for the interior. The second phase started in 1917 and now Hitch carved in oak a relief featuring music making monkeys for the bracket for the clock with the motto "Tones Make the Music" and also carved the tiny capitals, with the names of drinks and other mottoes on them, in the simulated window embrasure of the niche or snug. The two monkeys forming the clock bracket play viola de gamba and horn. There are ten of the miniature capitals, each one illustrating a word or phrase: "Rum Punch" "Food", etc.
In the exterior grotesques shown below Hitch amusingly carves two imps blowing horns, two others dancing to their music. We have a friar feeding pie to an ass, a friar cutting into a cheese watched by two starvelings, a friar sitting on a barrel and singing to the accompaniment of two grotesque instrumentalists. We have a group of grotesque musicians, gnomes carrying lanterns and gnomes singing. Frederick T Callcott completed some copper sculptures for the pub’s interior: "Carols, flanked by Summer and Winter"/"Tomorrow will be Friday"/"Saturday Afternoon"/"Friar with Hour Glass and Friar preparing to boil an egg" with further work of this nature being added by Henry Poole: " A good thing is soon snatched away"/"Don’t advertise, tell it to a gossip"/"Contentment surpasses Riches" and " Four Imps representing Art, Literature, Music and Drama". Poole also created some hanging lamps and some ceiling reliefs . E.J. and A.T Bradford added several keystones and capitals illustrating "Aesop's Fables" and various nursery rhymes.
Buller Memorial.
William Douglas Caröe designed the Memorial to General Sir Redvers Buller VC in The Collegiate Church of the Holy Cross and the Mother of Him who Hung Thereon in Crediton, Devon and Hitch carved the sculpture of St George which forms part of that memorial.
Church of the Holy Spirit, Clapham.
For the Church of the Holy Spirit in Clapham, South London, Hitch carried out a series of carvings for the oak choir stalls and chancel screen. The church was built between 1912 and 1913 and has a Grade II listing. It was designed by Henry Philip Burke Downing in the Gothic style. Hitch also worked on an oak rood with Our Lady and St John on either side of Our Lord and an ornate Bishop’s Chair or Throne with the arms of the then newly created Diocese of Southwark on the back. The carved lettering on the chancel screen involves quotations from the "Benedicite" and "Te Deum". Outside the church, Hitch carved a statue of Christ instituting Holy Communion and also carved the crucifix on the Burke Downing designed war memorial.
New College Chapel, Oxford.
John Loughborough Pearson designed the upper section of the huge reredos in New College Chapel, Oxford and Nathaniel Hitch did all the figural work. This reredos replaced one in stucco dating from 1789 by Wyatt.
The reredos has five tiers of figures and at the bottom some marble reliefs by Westmacott. In the immaculately kept New College Archives are a series of sepia photographs of Hitch’s figures taken before they were sent from his workshop near Vauxhall to Oxford and in the archive's record 3140 are letters dated between 1883 and 1892 relating to the reredos and these include several letters written by Hitch himself. Some of these letters show the lengths to which Hitch went to ensure that his statues were true to life. In the instance of the statue of William of Wykeham we read how a mask was made of the Winchester effigy of William of Wykeham and then sent to Hitch so that he could be sure that he achieved an accurate likeness. In looking at the relationship between architect/designer and sculptor one is sometimes struck by the way in which the architect/designer received credit for a particular work with the sculptor very often getting little or no mention and one letter written by Hitch shows that this did matter to him. In this letter he thanks the addressee for sending him a newspaper cutting, one assumes about the reredos, and notes "They name the architect I notice but not the sculptor." We also learn from these letters of the great care taken in the detail of each of the individual statues. "St Peter carries the keys", "James Minor a club" and "Simon a saw" etc etc. A photograph of the complete reredos is shown below, another shows some of Hitch's carvings and a close-up of the statue of Moses complete with tablet and horns gives us a good idea of Hitch's ability as a mason.
In 1891 Hitch made statues for a stone sedilia and large stone screen.
Parish Church of Woodham, Surrey.
Hitch carved the church's pulpit and completed the figural work for the reredos in the Parish church of Woodham in Surrey. The pulpit is on the North side of the Nave arch and is carved from oak. It was dedicated on Sunday 26 October 1913 by the Archdeacon of Surrey. The reredos was designed in early 14th Century Gothic style by the Reverend Ernest Geldart and was executed in 1915 in Corsham stone from Corsham quarries and was dedicated in 1915. At the time of dedication only the central panel was complete and the niches were unoccupied, but at rapid intervals the figures were completed and the reredos was dedicated by the vicar on Easter Eve 15 April 1922. An aumbury and arcading on the North wall was added in 1918 and the work completed in 1921. Again Hitch did all the carving involved. The central panel of the reredos is surmounted by a canopy in carved stone and contains a representation of Our Lord as the everlasting Priest "after the order of Melchizedek " surrounded by Cherubs and bearing the sacramental Cup and Bread of Life. He stands upon an altar, from whence, beneath His feet, there issue the Four Rivers of the Gospel. On either side, kneeling angels adore Him and offer incense, which the Prophet says should accompany the "Pure Offering" in every place. On the base of the pedestal are carved the words from the Te Deum- "Tu Rex Gloria Christe" (Thou art the king of Glory, O Christ). The statues inserted in the niches and the wall panels complete the theme of the reredos "ALL THY SAINTS GIVE THANKS TO THEE" for they represent saints of every age and all climes, including England. The evangelists are shown above the central niches, not in human form, but as the four living creatures revealed to St John in the Heavenly Vision:- the Angel of St Matthew, the Lion of St Mark, the Ox of St Luke, and the Eagle of St John. All bear scrolls inscribed with the first words of their gospels in Latin : - "Liber generationis Jesu Christi"; "Initium Evangelii Jesu Christi"; "Fuit in diebus herodis"; "In principio erat Verbum". The names of the sixteen saints represented and from North to South are St Francis of Assisi, St Hilda-Abbess, St Helena- matron, St Edward the Confessor-King, St Swithun-Confessor, Venerable Bede-Confessor, St Paul-Apostle, St Peter- Apostle, St Stephen-Martyr, St George-Martyr, St Jerome-Doctor, St Augustine of Hippo-Doctor, St Columba-Missionary, St Faith- Virgin, St Etheldreda-Queen and Abbess and St Hugh of Lincoln-Abbot. Special interest attaches to the figure of St Swithun as he carries a small model of Winchester Cathedral. St Swithun, the friend and educator of Alfred the Great was Bishop of Winchester A. D. 860, and in the “Bededictional of St Ethelworld” (a magnificently illuminated manuscript, formally one of the Treasures of the Chapter and now in the British Library), there is a drawing of the cathedral showing the columns and capitals, the roof with its red tiles and above it the golden weathercock. By kind permission of the Dean a tracing was made of the copy given to the Chapter by the Duke of Westminster, the then owner and from this a drawing was made which Hitch followed for his sculpture. Hitch also carried out the carving on the front altar in the Lady Chapel. The central panel represents the moment of the presentation of the Holy Child in the Temple. Simeon is holding the child, while Mary is kneeling in an attitude of deep devotion and St Joseph is standing a little behind with his head inclined in prayer. On each side are panels with carved lilies with their leaves open. A photograph is shown here of Hitch’s carving of “Our Lord as the Everlasting Priest”, part of the reredos.
St David's Church, Exeter.
Working with William Douglas Caröe, Hitch undertook the figural carving for the reredos and choir stalls. In M.G.Smith's booklet he states that Caröe
persuaded Nathaniel Hitch of London, probably the best “Gothic” carver in the country at that time, one who had collaborated with Caröe in furnishing St John’s Mountfitchett, to undertake the figure carving in the reredos and choir stalls, though the rest of the wood carving was done by local craftsmen."
The carvings on the Choir Stalls include important figures in the Church:
St Giles’ Church, Bradford-on-Tone.
For St Giles' Church in Bradford-on-Tone in Somerset and working with William Douglas Caröe, Hitch completed work on figures for a reredos, depicting the Evangelists Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. These figures stand in arched niches on either side of a central panel. They are bearded except for John and all wear gold cloaks over white tunics trimmed with gold and red. Each holds a quill pen in his right hand and a red book with a gold clasp in his left. They all wear red sandals. Matthew has a red purse suspended from his girdle and John a gold one.
Each of the four Evangelists is identified by his "attribute", carved beside him on his plinth and bearing a red sash with the saint’s name on it written in rustic capitals: a winged man, a winged lion, a winged ox and an eagle represent Matthew, Mark, Luke and John respectively. There is a nimbus behind the head of each saint. The saint’s niches are painted dark blue/green with a cinquefoil, gold edged, highlighted with red in the spandrels.
In the spandrels between each pair of saints, Matthew and Mark to the North, Luke and John to the South, is raised decoration painted gold, with stylised leaves, flowers and fruit, but different on each side. A gold ball of oak leaves and "bell-flowers" is found above and to the North and South of Matthew and Mark and a ball of oak leaves and vine leaves similarly above and to the North and South of Luke and John. These match the carvings on the cill of the aumbry in the North wall of the chancel. Above the niches there is blind tracery with a cusped lozenge design and above this a frieze of billets. More blind arcading with trefoil heads fills the wall between the niches and the floor.
St. Giles's Church, Haughton.
Architect John Loughborough Pearson.
In 1887, John Loughborough Pearson was charged with the reconstruction of St Giles’ Church in Haughton, Staffordshire. This reconstruction included a reredos in Caen stone and Hitch carried out all the carving for that reredos. Hitch also carved the pulpit in Caen Stone and with red marble shafts. The reredos consists of three panels.
The central panel shows the Transfiguration and we see Jesus with Peter, James and John. ""Six days later Jesus took Peter and James and John the brother of James, and led them up a high mountain where they were alone; and in their presence he was transfigured; his face shone like the sun, and his clothes became white as the light."" St Matthew 17. 1-3. A photograph of the central panel is shown below. All photographs including the pulpit and reredos shown courtesy of Michael Cooksley.
To the right and left of this central panel are eight smaller panels, these in groups of four. In the four panels on the left hand side are scenes from the Childhood of Jesus.
In the top panel first left, we see Mary and Joseph with Jesus lying in a manger. ""After the angels had left them and gone into heaven, the shepherds said to one another ‘Come we must go straight to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has made known to us’ so they went with all speed and found their way to Mary and Joseph and the baby lying in a manger"." St Luke 2.16
In the top panel second left we see Mary, Jesus and the Three Wise Men. "“Entering the house, they saw the child with Mary his mother, and bowed to the ground in homage to him; then they opened their treasures and offered him gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh"." St Matthew 2.11.
In the bottom panel first left we see Mary, Joseph and baby Jesus fleeing to Egypt. ""So Joseph rose from sleep, and taking mother and child by night he went away with them to Egypt, and there he stayed until Herod’s death"." St Matthew 2. 14,15.
In the bottom panel second left we see Jesus in the temple. ""And after three days they found Jesus sitting in the temple surrounded by the teachers, listening to them and putting questions; and all who heard him were amazed at his intelligence and the answers he gave.” " St Luke 2. 46.47.
In the four panels on the right hand side are scenes from the Passion. In the first top right panel we see Jesus agonising in the garden of Gethsemane with the disciples asleep. Jesus had knelt down and prayed this prayer- " "Father, if it be thy will, take this cup away from me; yet not my will but thine be done.” And now there appeared to him an angel from heaven bringing him strength and in anguish of spirit he prayed the more urgently; and his sweat was like drops of blood falling to the ground. When he rose from prayer and came to the disciples he found them asleep, worn out by grief"." St Luke 22.42-46.
In the top second right panel we see Jesus betrayed and arrested. ""While he was still speaking a crowd appeared with a man called Judas, one of the twelve, at their head, He came up to Jesus to kiss him; but Jesus said. “Judas would you betray the Son of Man with a kiss? " St Luke 22. 47-49.
In the bottom first right panel we see Caiaphas questioning Jesus. ""Jesus was led off under arrest to the house of Caiaphas the High Priest, where the lawyers and elders were assembled. The chief priests and the whole of the Council tried to find some allegation against Jesus on which a death sentence could be based"" St Matthew 26. 57-59.
In the bottom panel second right we see Jesus led away to be crucified. “"Jesus was now taken in charge and, carrying his own cross, went out to the place of the skull, as it is called, (or in the Jews’ language, Golgotha.).”" St John 19.17.
When John Loughborough Pearson was completing his work in 1888 a statue of the “Good Shepherd” was put in a niche above the porch. Hitch carved this statue and a photograph is shown above.
Architect William Douglas Caröe.
After John Loughborough Pearson’s death, William Douglas Caröe became the church architect and in 1910 he designed arches and arcades which were placed on either side of the central panels. They held figures of six martyrs and all six figures were carved by Hitch in Hollington stone.
Below are photographs of these figures. We have three from the Bible being Zechariah, the first martyr, St Stephen, the first Christian martyr, and St James, the first Apostolic martyr. Then there are three martyrs from church history, Polycarp, representing the early church, St Alban, the first British martyr and Archbishop Cranmer, the Reformation martyr.
In 1948 Hitch’s son, Frederick Brook Hitch sculpted a statue of St Giles which stands inside the church on a support for the tower. This was designed by Alban Caröe, William Douglas Caröe’s son.
St Margaret’s Church, Horsforth.
For St Margaret’s Church in Horsforth in Yorkshire, Hitch did the figural work on the reredos. It was designed by Frank Loughborough Pearson and portrays the risen Lord triumphantly proclaiming the glorious truth of the resurrection. The figures in the top row are all of angels. From left to right, they are: The Angel of Passion with cross/Raphael, the Angel of Guidance with staff, water bottle and wallet/Michael, the Angel of Justice with sword and scales/Gabriel, the Angel of Purity with Lily/Uriel, the Angel of Light and the Angel of the Resurrection. There are also two angels in the centres of the side panels. The bottom figures are representations of the Patron Saints of the United Kingdom, of the Diocese of Ripon and Leeds and of St Margaret’s itself. From left to right, they are: St. George of England (in battle array)/St. Wilfrid (with bishop's mitre, crook and robes)/St. Andrew of Scotland (holding a model of the cross saltire on which he died) /St. Patrick of Ireland (with conquered serpents)/St. Margaret of Antioch (crowned, bible in hand and slain dragon at her feet) and St. David of Wales (with emblematic dove on his shoulder). The building of the full church had taken many years. The original designer of the church was John Loughborough Pearson and the nave and chancel were completed and dedicated in 1883 but the belfry, spire and porches were only dedicated in 1901. The dedication of the reredos came much later on 23 July 1911. As already stated the design was by John Loughborough Pearson’s son who also designed a reredos for the Lady Chapel.
St Mary's Church, Streatley.
Hitch carved the alabaster reredos at St Mary's Church in Streatley to John Loughborough Pearson's design. He executed the work in 1893. The central panel shows the Crucifixion and on the left side of this is a scene from our Lord's childhood and on the right side the Resurrection. Between the panels and on either side are smaller statuettes, the four outer ones being the Evangelists Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. A statuette on the north side of the central panel is of Aaron and on the south side is Elias, the two representing priests and prophets. The reredos was erected in memory of Mrs. Stone, the then lady of the manor, and funded by the Stone family. Streatley and its neighbour Goring are pleasing little Oxfordshire villages and Streatley featured in Jerome K.Jerome's "Three Men in a Boat." Laurence Binyon the poet who wrote "For the Fallen" :"They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old." lived in the Parish and Richard Adams wrote "Watership Down" when living in Streatley. Adams and his family were worshippers at St Mary. Photographs of the reredos are shown here and a full photograph of the reredos can be seen on the church’s website.
St Stephen's Church, Bournemouth.
For St Stephen's Church, Bournemouth, Hitch did carvings on the marble pulpit, stalls, triptych and altar table in 1889 and in 1898 worked on the Altar Table and Triptych (reredos) based upon John Loughborough Pearson’s designs. The pulpit shows three scenes from the New Testament. In the centre Jesus is shown preaching the Sermon on the Mount to his disciples and at the sides we have St Peter preaching on the first Whitsunday (Pentecost) and St Paul preaching at Athens.
The triptych which towers above the altar has the crucified Jesus in the centre, with the Blessed Virgin and St John standing on either side. On the left is Elijah and his raven and on the right the Prophet Isaiah. On the left wing of the triptych are St Stephen and Moses and on the right we have St John the Baptist and David. Above are the figures of four bishops: St Ambrose, St Augustine, St Clement and St Swithun each of whom has had a church dedicated in their honour in Bournemouth. As it was Moses and Elijah who appeared with Jesus at his Transfiguration, Hitch has carved around the cross of Christ representatives of the Old Covenant and the New and Easterns and Westerns, all gathered in united adoration. See photograph of the reredos below.
The central panel of the High Altar shows the Adoration of the Magi and on the left the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary and on the right the Presentation of Christ in the Temple.
Hitch also carved the Altar in the Lady Chapel and the carvings on the choir stalls these to Frank Loughborough Pearson’s design. These are in Baltic oak and amongst the figures carved are St Cecilia, patron saint of music, St Catharine, who was martyred on a wheel, St Stephen and various other saints, martyrs and church leaders. The panels at the end of the pews show miracles performed by Jesus and parables told by Him.
Sidney Sussex College Chapel, Cambridge.
Hitch carried out some figural sculpture for the Sidney Sussex College Chapel in Cambridge when it was refurbished by T.H. Lyon between 1911 and 1923. Hitch carved some figural roundels, a statue of St Francis and a statue of St George with the arms of Archbishop Machray supported by cherubs below. The figure of St Francis commemorated J.W. Reynolds who was killed in action in 1915. The non-figural carving in the Chapel was executed by Herbert Read of Exeter.
Truro Cathedral.
The Truro Cathedral (Cathedral Church of St Mary in Truro)) is thought by many to be John Loughborough Pearson’s finest work. Hitch did much of the sculptural work in the Cathedral including the figural work on the reredos, carvings above the north and south sedilia, two tympanum for the south porch, some sculptures for the inside of the Cathedral, including the "Transfiguration of Christ" above the South Door and carvings to the choir stalls so perhaps Truro was also Hitch’s apogee. Below we see the central panel showing the crucifixion and in the gallery we see two views of the carvings above the sedilia, a study of part of the central panel, one of the tympanum above the south porch and some of the side panels.
The reredos was carved from Bath stone and erected in 1887. In the lower of the two central panels we see Christ on the cross. His mother stands on His left and Mary Magdalene kisses His feet. St John stands on His right and we then have some Hebrew Rabbis and a group of Roman soldiers. One soldier carries the "INRI" inscription which will be placed at the head of the cross.
In the central panel above, the same Christ sits in glory. On either side of these two central panels are columns each with eight pairs of adoring Angels in niches. On each side of these central panels and columns are a series of further richly canopied niches in which are various relief carvings each relating to a biblical episode and thus making the reredos an effective instrument of teaching.
There are four such panels on each side. In the top left panel we have the sacrifice of Abel- the first recorded sacrifice in the bible. Next we have Noah and his family offering a sacrifice of thanksgiving from some of the animals who had survived the flood with them. In the panel below is the sacrifice of Isaac and in the final panel we see the story of the Passover.
In the four right hand panels we have the Tree of Life in the Garden of Eden being defended by an angel, Moses’ brazen serpent, the Shewbread and the gathering of the First Fruits. Then in the panels on the far right of the sanctuary screen and above the sedilia we have the Gathering of the Manna, and water flowing from the rock at Kadesh after Moses had struck it with his rod.
There are further carvings on the right and left hand side of the sanctuary screen and above the sedilia and the significance and meaning of these carvings and of the reredos itself are well described in Perran R Gay’s paper of 10 February 2010.
In the outer tiers of niches we see some of the prophets: Jeremiah, Joel, Zechariah and Malachi, with all but Zechariah carrying his name, are in the outer tier on the left hand side and Daniel, Amos, Isaiah and Ezekiel feature in the outer tier on the right hand side. Then in the inner tiers we have the Saints and Martyrs of the Christian Church. We have on one side, Edmund, the Christian King of the East Angles, defeated by the Vikings; Cecilia, patron of music and virgin martyr; George, soldier and martyr; and Vincent of Spain with his gridiron and on the other side Catherine of Alexandria with her wheel; Polycarp; Lawrence; and Alban the Roman soldier who was the first British martyr. Polycarp wears the full Eucharistic robes of a Bishop- chasuble, dalmatic and tunicle.
In the lower niches are the twelve apostles, the founders of the Christian Church. On the far left hand side we have Philip, with Latin cross; Jude; James the Less; Matthew with his book; James the Great with his pilgrim hat and staff; Peter with his keys; John with the chalice of the last supper; Andrew with diagonal cross; Bartholomew with knife; then Simon; Thomas; and Matthias. Then in the lowest niches of the central pillars we have the four Evangelists, St Matthew, St Mark, St Luke and St John.
Westminster Abbey.
In 1888 Hitch carved heraldic animals to staircase, carved statues, and other general carving.
On the exterior of the North Transept of Westminster Abbey and as part of John Loughborough Pearson’s work at the Abbey between 1888 and 1889 Hitch carved twenty eight statues. These were of St Raphael, St Uriel, St Michael, St Gabriel, St Alban, St Aidan, Venerable Bede, Archbishop Theodore, St Augustine, Paulinus, St Benedict, St Dunstan, Roger Bacon, Robert Grosseteste, St Boniface, St Edmund, Matthew of Westminster, William Caxton, Walsinus, Edwin, King Richard, Anne of Bohemia, King Henry V, Catherine of Valois, Abbot Ware, Abbot Littleton, Dean Goodman and Williams the Lord Keeper. In 1890 he carved statues to the North Transept. 
Works for Lord Astor.
Two Temple Place.
When Lord Astor commissioned John Loughborough Pearson to design Two Temple Place on the Embankment, Hitch was brought in to carve all the external embellishments to the stonework, except for those above the porch and for the interior carried out several commissions including the relief portraits in the Main Hall. Below is one of Hitch’s external carvings and then one of the relief portraits, this of Shakespeare's Juliet. Hitch also carved some very ornate bench-ends and a photograph of one of these is shown below as it highlights Hitch’s prowess as a wood carver.See Two Temple Place
Octagan Temple family chapel, Cliveden.
Lord Astor also commissioned a triptych altarpiece for the family chapel within the Octagon Temple at Cliveden. This was executed in the late 1890s. Frank Pearson was the supervising architect and Hitch carried out the carving. The whole altarpiece is uniformly gilded, with cabuchons of semi-precious stones in the frames. The subject is the Adoration and the two wings of the triptych feature more attendant merchants or possibly shepherds. The central panel is topped by carved angels and a central finial representing the Lamb, all gilded. The altarpiece is set on a base with three more reliefs of angels bearing shields of arms: a double panel flanked by single outer panels. The creation of the chapel and the conversion it involved of Leoni's Octagon Temple of 1735, may charitably be put down to the tragic death in 1894 of Astor’s wife Mary, only a year after his purchase of the estate. The chapel is in the lower room with the floor removed above to create a small domed octagonal chapel. The first, second and third Viscounts Astor are buried there, with red marble commemorative slabs in the floor which is of Opus Alexandrinum.
Other works.
Hitch worked with several architects who used him to carve altarpieces, church furniture and other decorative features on churches they were commissioned to design. During his career he worked with many architects, most notably John Loughborough Pearson, who provided Hitch with most of his commissions. His association with Pearson spanned at least the period between 1880 and 1912. Hitch also worked with William Doulas Caröe, a student of Pearson, as well as H. Fuller Clark, T.H. Lyon, Burke Downing and Paul Waterhouse.
The following are lists of additional works by Hitch, although it is not a complete listing.

</doc>
<doc id="36710100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710100" title="Naplyrics">
Naplyrics

Naplyrics.com is a licensed lyrics website that started its operations in late 2011 and was recently featured on killerstartups.com . As of August 2012, the website contains over 59,000 artists, 1,100,000 lyrics, 26,000 albums and has 84,000 Twitter followers and 6887 Facebook subscribers.
History.
Naplyrics.com was created by Canadian graduate student Omar Ray . According to a recent interview, Ray quit his graduate school to pursue building a comprehensive lyrics website that was legal and supported lyrics publishers. The website has undergone numerous revisions and currently serves audiences music related content such as lyrics, videos, celebrity blogs etc.
In July 2012, Naplyrics.com joined lyrics licencing agency LyricFind to provide compensation for lyrics related content and the agreement makes the website one of the very few licensed lyrics portals. 
Naplyrics.com is hosted from Vancouver, British Columbia, which is also home to the world's most popular lyrics website and recently acquired by CBS - Metrolyrics.com.

</doc>
<doc id="36710102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710102" title="Bridgeport Downtown North Historic District">
Bridgeport Downtown North Historic District

The Bridgeport Downtown North Historic District is a historic district in Bridgeport, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987. It includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals, Moderne, and Late Victorian architecture. The listing included 38 contributing buildings.
It includes the Fairfield County Courthouse and Hotel Beach, which were already separately NRHP-listed.
The district includes a cluster of downtown Bridgeport resources.
It includes the Richardsonian Romanesque-style Bridgeport Boys Club building.

</doc>
<doc id="36710108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710108" title="Les travailleu(r)ses du sexe">
Les travailleu(r)ses du sexe

Les travailleu(r)ses du sexe is a 2009 Belgian-French documentary film directed by Jean-Michel Carré and produced by France 2. It deals with the life of prostitutes and other people who works for the industry of sex.
It received mixed reviews. "Le Parisien", even defining the film interesting, complained about the "lack of genuine cinematic appeal" of the film, "more suited to TV than to the big screen". "L'Express" wrote that if even it "remains too superficial on some topics (...) the real interest of his documentary is to be able to touch the depths of these stakeholders, an aspect rarely approached in this way on this subject".

</doc>
<doc id="36710118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710118" title="Àngel Rodamilans">
Àngel Rodamilans

Àngel Rodamilans i Canals (Sabadell, 1 May 1874 - Serra d'en Camaró, Sabadell 27 July 1936) was a Catalan Benedictine monk and composer of religious music. He, as were also 22 other Benedictine monks, was a victim of religious assassination during the Spanish Civil War and counted by the Catholic church as a "servant of God" in the process of beatification of the Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="36710125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710125" title="William Lower">
William Lower

Sir William Lower (1570 – 12 April 1615) was an astronomer from the early telescopic period, and a Member of Parliament.
He was born in Cornwall, and after studying at Exeter College, Oxford, he married and settled in South-west Wales. In 1607 he observed Halley's comet and took a number of careful measurements which he communicated to Thomas Harriot, by which it was determined that the comet was following a curved course. Lower suggested that the comet's orbit obeyed Kepler's laws (instead of being an atmospheric phenomenon or following a rectilinear path, as was generally thought at the time)
Using a telescope that had been provided by Harriot, Lower made a number of observations of the moon, and noted that its surface appeared irregular and "like a tart that my cooke made me last weeke". Similar observations were published by Galileo a few weeks later.
Lower represented Bodmin in the 1601 parliament, and Lostwithiel from 1604 to 1611. He was knighted in 1603.
Lower married Penelope Perrot, the daughter of Sir Thomas Perrot and Dorothy Devereux, by whom he had three sons and a daughter. After Lower's death Penelope (née Perrot) married secondly Sir Robert Naunton, by whom she had a daughter Penelope, who married Philip Herbert, 5th Earl of Pembroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36710126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710126" title="Isaac Chelo">
Isaac Chelo

Isaac Chelo (also Hilo, Hilu or Khelo), in Hebrew יצחק חילו, was a rabbi of 14th century Larissa. He is famous for an itinerary of the Holy Land first published in 1847. However, the document is now commonly considered a 19th-century forgery.
Chelo's Itinerary.
In 1847, the controversial French scholar Carmoly published an account "Les chemins de Jérusalem" (The Roads from Jerusalem), purporting to be Chelo's description of Jerusalem and seven roads leading from it, written in 1334. An English translation was published by Adler in 1930. Carmoly wrote that the original Hebrew manuscript was in his own library, but when his library was catalogued after his death no such manuscript was found. Scholem examined the library in 1925 and found nine lines of an 18th century copy of the Itinerary. He charged that the Itinerary had a number of anachronisms, contradictions, and quotations from Kabbalistic works postdating Chelo. On this basis, Scholem judged the Itinerary to be a forgery, written or greatly expanded by Carmoly himself. This assessment has been accepted by Dan Shapira, Joshua Prawer and Yoel Elitsur. Prawer also alleged that there was no Jewish community in Hebron at the time the Itinerary claimed to describe one. Prawer wrote that "This itinerary is unfortunately still being quoted by unwary scholars, even though the forgery was proved almost 50 years ago."

</doc>
<doc id="36710134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710134" title="Stephen I of Pécs">
Stephen I of Pécs

Stephen I was the third known bishop of Pécs () in the Kingdom of Hungary around 1093. His name was only maintained by a 15th-century copy of an obviously falsified charter dated to 1093. In this year, according to the charter, King Ladislaus I of Hungary, along with the archbishop of Esztergom and other prelates of the kingdom, determined the borders between the Archdiocese of Kalocsa and the Diocese of Pécs. The charter also relates that the monarch took into account both the testimony of Archbishop Desiderius of Kalocsa, and the deed of foundation of the bishopric of Pécs. Although the charter itself is not authentic, it may well have preserved the memory of a bishop of Pécs named Stephen from the end of the 11th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36710143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710143" title="Göran Marström">
Göran Marström

Göran Marström (October 12, 1942 - ) is a former Swedish sailor who competed in four Summer Olympics. Marström won a bronze medal in the Tornado class at the 1980 Summer Olympics together with Jörgen Ragnarsson.

</doc>
<doc id="36710154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36710154" title="Church of Saint Benoit, Istanbul">
Church of Saint Benoit, Istanbul

Saint Benoit (; ; also ) is a Roman Catholic Church in Istanbul, Turkey, important for historical reasons. Established in 1427, the shrine is the oldest Catholic church of Istanbul still in use.
Location.
The edifice lies in Istanbul, in the district of Beyoğlu, in the neighborhood of Karaköy (ancient Galata), almost at the border with Tophane, at Kemeraltı Caddesi 11, on a terrace at the top of a staircase.
History.
Byzantine Age.
On May 12, 1427, Benedictine friar Dom Nicolas Meynet, together with friars from Genoa founded a monastery in Constantinople, on the southeastern slope of the Galata hill. The Genoese had since a few years enlarged for the sixth and last time the wall which protected their "Peyre Galata" citadel, and the monastery was built just inside the new ramparts. The church, jointly dedicated to St. Benedict and the Virgin Mary (), lay on the ruins of an ancient church and near a large cistern, both Byzantine. Due to that, the church was also known as of "Santa Maria della Cisterna". On May 13, 1449, the Friars joined the congregation of St. Justine from Padova. In 1450, the little monastery had 16 monks. In 1453, shortly before the Ottoman Conquest of Constantinople, the friars sent all the relics and the religious ornaments of their church to Chios and then to Genoa, to rescue them from the impeding Ottoman attack.
Ottoman Age.
After 1478, the community was repeatedly shuttered by fights among friars, until Sultan Suleyman the Magnificent menaced to convert the building into a mosque for the Moors who-expelled in those years from Spain-were resettling in Galata. Thanks to the intercession of King Francois I of France, the friars could remain in the complex, which became the Royal chapel of the Ambassador of France at the Porte. In 1540, French voyager Pierre Gilles visited the site, and described the giant cistern with 300 columns, which were later dismantled and sold by the Genoese. On 18 November 1583, members of the Society of Jesus, sent by Pope Gregory XIII upon request of the "Magnifica Communità di Pera" (the Genoese administration in Galata), took charge of the church, founding a school in the precincts of the monastery. The shrine burned several times: after the first fire in 1610, it was restored by a Venetian and French endowment. St. Benoit was the only church to be spared by the great fire of Galata of 1660, but the monastery in that occasion was damaged and plundered. During the seventeenth century the monastery's life was disturbed several times by plague and internal disputes among friars. In 1686 the church burned because of negligence, and was restored by the friars and the French ambassador. In this occasion the Mufti of Istanbul donated the pillars still standing at the top of the staircase, and approved the reconstruction project with a lead roof cover and vaults, elements allowed only for mosques. In 1696 the church burned again but was restored one year later by the association of the Merchants of Marseilles. In this period St. Benoit became the most prestigious church of Galata, being used as a burial place by the upper class of the quarter and by several aristocrats and French ambassadors. Moreover, Saint Benoit was also used as national church of the German in Istanbul. During these years an hospital was added to the complex. The seventeenth-century Ottoman traveler Evliya Çelebi describes the shrine as a "French church with an Organ". In 1731 the edifice burned again during another quarter fire, but was restored in 1732 by the French Ambassador. After the Suppression of the Society of Jesus in 1773, in 1783 French Lazarists friars took over the complex. At the end of the eighteenth century a chapel dedicated to St. Anne was built. After problems during the French Revolution, in 1804 the friars restored the church, and transformed the existing school into the "Lycée Saint Benoît d'Istanbul" () which exists still today and is one of the most prestigious private schools in Istanbul. In 1839, nuns belonging to the Soeurs de la Charité (Daughters of Charity) society came from France and founded the female section of the school. In 1840 the school was moved to Bebek, but after the demolition of part of the Genoese ramparts of Galata, the school moved back here. In 1865 part of the left aisle and the atrium with several inscriptions burned. This part of the church was coarsely restored in 1871. In 1867 the complex was enlarged with the erection of the "Maison de la providence" complex, comprising, among others, an orphanage, an hospital and a seminary. The church was never one of the Roman Catholic Parishes of the Frankish quarter of Istanbul, but is the oldest Catholic church in Istanbul still in use.
Architecture and interior.
The church has the entrance on Kemeraltı Caddesi, and can be reached by a staircase leading uphill. The complex leans on a terrace, perhaps part of the Byzantine cistern which once lay nearby. During the Ottoman age the site became a fruit garden, and was then known under the name Çukurbostan ("Hollow Garden"). Originally the small church with three naves had only one dome (the two over the side aisles are later additions), an atrium and a gallery, while the interior was decorated with much admired mosaics depicting the life and passion of Christ. The rectangular building is oriented in direction southwest-northeast and has an entrance on the west side with an atrium whose columns and capitals are almost totally Byzantine spolia. The edifice's brickwork is made of alternate rows of stones and bricks, and the three naves are covered by groin vaults. The main and the south naves originate from the 1752 restoration, while the north one has been erected during the 1871 reconstruction. The first two naves end to the east with small chambers covered with domes. It is possible that the southernmost of these chambers is still a remain of an ancient Byzantine church. The portal on Kemeraltı Caddesi and the bell tower with square plan and crenelated moulding, originally a watch tower, come both from the fifteenth century. In the interior, several inscribed gravestones from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries remember wealthy Levantine families, church's benefactors, and French Ambassadors. In the church were among others buried the Croatian noblewoman Jelena Zrinska and her son, the Hungarian aristocrat Francis II Rákóczi, both dead in exile in the Ottoman Empire.

</doc>
