<doc id="36808228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808228" title="George Sykes (footballer)">
George Sykes (footballer)

George Robert James Sykes (born 14 September 1994) is an English footballer of Scottish ancestry who plays for Barnet.
Career.
Sykes joined the Barnet youth team as an under-16 and was top scorer in the English U-18 youth system in the 2011-12 season with 24 goals. He made his senior debut at the age of 17 against Bristol Rovers on 21 August 2012. Sykes signed his first professional contract with the Bees in November 2012. He won the League Two Apprentice of the Year award at the Football League Awards in March 2013. On 15 August 2013, he joined Bishop's Stortford on loan.
On his return to Barnet in November, Sykes came on as substitute at home to Cambridge United. With the score at 2-2, Sykes put the ball in the net in injury time after it had dropped from a cloud of smoke caused by a smoke bomb, obscuring the view of the assistant referee, who controversially disallowed the goal, claiming the ball had gone out of play, and Sykes was denied his first goal for Barnet. His first goal for Barnet came on November 30, when he scored an 89th minute acrobatic winner in an FA Trophy first round tie against Hayes & Yeading United.
Sykes joined Farnborough on loan on 31 January 2014, along with Jon Nurse. On March 13, he joined St Albans City on loan until the end of the season, and was part of the team that won the Southern Football League Premier Division play-offs.
International career.
In September 2012, Sykes was called up by Ricky Sbragia to the Scotland U-19 training camp ahead of qualifying games against Armenia, Romania and Switzerland in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36808244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808244" title="Daniel Dalton (politician)">
Daniel Dalton (politician)

Daniel Dalton was a New Jersey politician who served as New Jersey State Senate Majority Leader and as Secretary of State of New Jersey.
Dalton holds a bachelors degree from Kings College in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He has an Masters of Public Administration from the University of Memphis. 
Dalton was first elected to the state assembly in 1980 and to the state senate in 1982. He became the majority leader in 1990 and became secretary of state in 1992, servijng until 1994. From 1994 until 2007, Dalton headed the Dalton Insurance Agency in Glassboro, New Jersey. In 2009, he was appointed a member of the Kennedy University Hospital Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="36808251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808251" title="Celia Fisher">
Celia Fisher

Celia B. Fisher, Ph.D., is an applied developmental psychologist, the Marie Ward Doty University Chair and Professor of Psychology, and founding director of the Fordham University Center for Ethics Education. In addition, she is currently the director of the Fordham HIV Prevention Research Ethics Training Institute, which provides training on research ethics issues and offers financial support for a mentored research project that will contribute to evidence- based research ethics practices.
Fisher is past chair of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Human Studies Review Board, a past member of the DHHS Secretary’s Advisory Committee on Human Research Protections (SACHRP; and co-chair of the SACHRP Subcommittee on Children’s Research) and a founding editor of the journal "Applied Developmental Science". She chaired the American Psychological Association’s Ethics Code Task Force and the New York State Licensing Board for Psychology, and served on the National Institute of Mental Health Data Safety and Monitoring Board, and the Institute of Medicine’s Committee on Clinical Research Involving Children. She is author of "Decoding the Ethics Code: A Practical Guide for Psychologists"; co-editor of eight books, including "The Handbook of Ethical Research with Ethnocultural Populations and Communities" and "Research with High-Risk Populations: Balancing Science, Ethics, and Law"; and author of over 100 theoretical and empirical publications in the areas of ethics in medical and social science research and practice and life-span development.
Fisher is the recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award of Excellence in Human Research Protection from the Health Improvement Institute (HII). Her federally funded research programs focus on ethical issues and well-being of vulnerable populations, including ethnic minority youth and families, active drug users, college students at risk for drinking problems, and adults with impaired consent capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="36808257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808257" title="Bradbury Landing">
Bradbury Landing

Bradbury Landing is a place on the planet Mars located in Gale crater. It marks the landing site of Mars Science Laboratory Curiosity rover on August 6, 2012. The location was named by NASA for Ray Bradbury on August 22, 2012, his 92nd birthday, in honor of the author who died a few months earlier, on June 5. The coordinates of the landing site are: .
Description.
Gale Crater is the MSL landing site. Within Gale Crater is a mountain, named Aeolis Mons ("Mount Sharp"), of layered rocks, rising about above the crater floor, that "Curiosity" will investigate. 
The landing site is a smooth region in "Yellowknife" "Quad 51" of Aeolis Palus inside the crater in front of the mountain. The target landing site location was an elliptical area . Gale Crater's diameter is . The final landing location for the rover was less than from the center of the planned landing ellipse, after a journey. 
The landing site contains material washed down from the wall of the crater, which will provide scientists with the opportunity to investigate the rocks that form the bedrock in this area. The landing ellipse also contains a rock type that is very dense, very brightly colored, and unlike any rock type previously investigated on Mars. It may be an ancient playa lake deposit, and it will likely be the mission's first target in checking for the presence of organic molecules.
A rock outcrop near the landing site has been named ""Goulburn"". This rock outcrop, along with several others further eastward, including ""Link"" and ""Hottah"", suggest the "vigorous" flow of water in an ancient streambed. 
An area of top scientific interest for "Curiosity" lies at the edge of the landing ellipse and beyond a dark dune field. Here, orbiting instruments have detected signatures of both clay minerals and sulfate salts. Scientists studying Mars have several hypotheses about how these minerals reflect changes in the Martian environment, particularly changes in the amount of water on the surface of Mars. The rover will use its full instrument suite to study these minerals and how they formed. Certain minerals, including the clay and sulfate-rich layers near the bottom of Gale's mountain, are good at latching onto organic compounds—potential biosignatures—and protecting them from oxidation.
Two canyons were cut in the mound through the layers containing clay minerals and sulfate salts after deposition of the layers. These canyons expose layers of rock representing tens or hundreds of millions of years of environmental change. "Curiosity" may be able to investigate these layers in the canyon closest to the landing ellipse, gaining access to a long history of environmental change on the planet. The canyons also contain sediment that was transported by the water that cut the canyons; this sediment interacted with the water, and the environment at that time may have been habitable. Thus, the rocks deposited at the mouth of the canyon closest to the landing ellipse form the third target in the search for organic molecules.
Ray Bradbury.
On naming the location, Michael Meyer, NASA program scientist for Curiosity, said "This was not a difficult choice for the science team. Many of us and millions of other readers were inspired in our lives by stories Ray Bradbury wrote to dream of the possibility of life on Mars." Bradbury wrote a collection of stories called "The Martian Chronicles" in the 1940s. The Curiosity team left a message on Twitter "In tribute, I dedicate my landing spot on Mars to you, Ray Bradbury. Greetings from Bradbury Landing!" As part of the naming, NASA released a video of Bradbury from 1971 reading his poem 'If Only We Had Taller Been' which is about the human quest to explore space.

</doc>
<doc id="36808258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808258" title="Clyde Spearman">
Clyde Spearman

Clyde "Big Splo" Spearman was an African-American baseball outfielder in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1932 to 1946 with several teams. Three of his brothers, Charles, Henry, and Willie played in the Negro Leagues. 

</doc>
<doc id="36808268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808268" title="Oleg Chuzhda">
Oleg Chuzhda

Oleg Petrovich Chuzhda or Czougeda (Олег Чужда), born July 23, 1963 Kiev, Ukraine, (then part of the USSR) is a Soviet and Ukrainian cyclist. After a distinguished amateur career, he turned professional in 1990.
Biography.
Oleg Petrovich Chuzhda was a precocious cyclist. In 1981 he finished second in the junior world championship. The following year he was a member of the Soviet team competing in the team time trial in the UCI World Championships. The team came third at the 1982 championships and first in 1983.
Czougeda also won the 1984 Milk Race.
Oleg Petrovich Chuzhda is the father of Ukrainian professional cyclist Oleg Chuzhda, who has been racing since 2005.
Awards.
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1992
Other rankings.
Thirty-fourth in the Peace Race 1990
Distinction.
1983: Master Emeritus sports (cycling) of the Soviet Union

</doc>
<doc id="36808278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808278" title="John Owen Williams (record producer)">
John Owen Williams (record producer)

John Owen Williams (born 1951) is an English A&R executive, record producer, photographer, manager, recording artist, and songwriter. In a career that has spanned over 35 years at major record labels, he has guided, A&R'd, mentored, and produced many artist careers including The Housemartins and The Proclaimers, as well as producing and signing Alison Moyet, Simple Minds, The Waterboys, Robert Plant, The Blue Nile, Status Quo, Cathy Dennis, Petula Clark, Ocean Colour Scene, JJ Cale, Blancmange, Shriekback, Siouxsie and The Banshees, Jethro Tull, Beth Nielsen Chapman, Debbie Harry and Luciana Caporaso.
Early life.
Williams was born in Wolverhampton,and attended Woodfield Avenue School, Penn, West Midlands. He learned guitar as a teenager and played in school bands at Bromsgrove School. At the University of Western Ontario, he played the folk and coffee bar circuit as a singer-songwriter, and wrote for the University Gazette and The Trouser Press as a rock critic.
Career.
Returning to the UK he worked for Polydor in record promotion in 1974 with The Who, The Rubettes, Slade, The Osmonds and Barclay James Harvest, before moving to Island where he promoted Bob Marley and The Wailers, and was label manager for Shelter Records who housed artists such as JJ Cale, Leon Russell, Dwight Twilley, and Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
He was music editor of the "Radio and Record News" between 1977 and 1979, before a brief artist career as singer/writer in East Side Band, signed to Mickie Most's RAK Records label, and was a guitarist with The Brians, for Dindisc.
In 1981, he began managing electro duo Blancmange, and became a session producer for BBC Radio One. Over a five-year period he produced sessions for John Peel, Kid Jensen, Janice Long, Peter Powell, including landmark recordings by Aswad, Big Country, Simple Minds, Barrington Levy, Cocteau Twins, Bauhaus, The Birthday Party Killing Joke, The Waterboys, China Crisis, The Housemartins, Southern Death Cult, The Cure, Cookie Crew, The Gymslips, APB, Loudon Wainwright III, Men They Couldn't Hang, Ludus, and Blue Poland.
In 1985, he joined Chrysalis as senior A&R manager, and produced both The Housemartins albums, including London 0 Hull 4, and the chart topping single "Caravan of Love", signed and produced the debut album by The Proclaimers, "This Is the Story", and A&R'd Jethro Tull's Grammy winning "Crest of a Knave" album.
He became director of A&R at Polydor in 1987, working with Level 42, Sarah Brightman, and Andrew Lloyd Webber, plus signing Cathy Dennis along with The Wonderstuff and Little Angels. He also produced albums by Craig Ferguson, James Taylor Quartet, The Almighty, and The High.
Returning to Chrysalis in 1990, he reunited with Jethro Tull and The Proclaimers. During this period he A&R'd albums for both artists as well as producing albums by Kingmaker and signing Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.
From 1995, he began a 10 year tenure with the Sanctuary Group. Running Viper Records, he managed the Coronation Street star Matthew Marsden, and produced chart singles by Joyrider, Blameless, Stereo Nation, and wrote and produced with Matt Prime, "Abe Messiah", the cast album from "The Tribe" TV series, as well as composing the theme music for series two of the six part series.
As senior Vice President of A&R for Sanctuary Records, he worked with Robert Plant, The Blue Nile, Simple Minds, Alison Moyet, Ocean Colour Scene, Status Quo, Gary Jules, before starting W14 Music at Universal and signing The Proclaimers, Level 42, Paul Heaton, The Waterboys, Siouxsie Sioux, and producing "Get Happy" with jazz singer Clare Teal.

</doc>
<doc id="36808281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808281" title="Mangrove theme park, Kannur">
Mangrove theme park, Kannur

The Pappinisseri mangrove theme park is a controversial eco-tourism project on the banks of Valapattanam river in Kannur.
See also.
Kallen Pokkudan

</doc>
<doc id="36808288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808288" title="Judge royal">
Judge royal

The judge royal, also justiciar, chief justice or Lord Chief Justice (, , ), was the second-highest judge, preceded only by the palatine, in the Kingdom of Hungary between around 1127 and 1884. After 1884, the judge royal was only a symbolic function, but it was only in 1918 — with the end of Habsburgs in the Kingdom of Hungary (the kingdom continued formally until 1946) — that the function ceased officially.
There remain significant problems in the translation of the title of this officer. In Latin, the title translates as 'Judge of the Royal Court', which lacks specificity. In Hungarian, he is 'Judge of the Country', with 'country' in this sense meaning 'political community', being thus broadly analogous to the German 'Land'. English has no obvious translation for Landesrichter, which is the direct German translation of országbíró.

</doc>
<doc id="36808295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808295" title="Monosnap">
Monosnap

Monosnap is a free screenshot program for Mac OS X and Windows. The program allows users to create screenshots, annotate them and upload them to the cloud. It was released for OS X on 11 July 2012. Several days after it was positively reviewed by sites like Addictive Tips, freetech4teachers, OneDayOneApp and MakeUseOf, an update was released on 5 August 2012, providing authorization with email. On 10 August there was a release for Windows, providing similar functionality.
Since 9 October 2012 (version 1.4.0) app allows to upload images to FTP, SFTP or WebDAV Servers. Right now it also has in-app turning on external services support (Dropbox, Evernote, Box.com, CloudApp).
Features.
Screenshots.
Monosnap has two modes of screenshot: the first one grabs the whole screen (or screens). The second mode grabs an area or window of the screen. In the latter mode a magnifier is presented, showing size of the selected rectangle and color of pixel below cursor.
Image editor.
After taking a screenshot Monosnap opens its editor with such tools as pen, line, rectangle, oval, arrow, text and blur. Also it has crop tool to remove unnecessary details if they that has not been done while capturing screen.
After screenshot.
There are several options to proceed with screenshot, available from settings:
Cloud storage.
Using cloud storage requires login with Facebook or email. All uploads can be accessed through website, images can be sorted into folders. There is no limit of cloud space now.

</doc>
<doc id="36808299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808299" title="Mălădia Church">
Mălădia Church

The Mălădia Church () is a church in Mălădia, Romania, built in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="36808302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808302" title="Wooden Church, Tusa">
Wooden Church, Tusa

The Wooden Church () is a church in Tusa, Romania, built in the 18th century in Tusa.

</doc>
<doc id="36808304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808304" title="Extra terrestrial Biological Entities">
Extra terrestrial Biological Entities

Extra terrestrial Biological Entities is the debut studio album of the Japanese J-pop band Egoist, released on September 19, 2012 by Sony Music. The album contains 12 music tracks written by Ryo of Supercell and sung by Chelly, who also wrote the lyrics for the song "LoveStruck". Two of the tracks were previously released on two of Egoist's singles. Two different editions of the album were released: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition. "Extra terrestrial Biological Entities" peaked at No. 9 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart.
Three of the songs were used as theme songs for various media: "Departures (Anata ni Okuru Ai no Uta)" and "The Everlasting Guilty Crown" were used as theme songs for the 2011 anime television series "Guilty Crown", and "Planetes" was used as the ending theme to the original video animation included with the visual novel "Guilty Crown: Lost Christmas".
Production.
From May 25 to June 19, 2011, Ryo of Supercell held auditions for the vocalist on the band's third album "Zigaexperientia" (2013). While not chosen to sing for Supercell, then 17-year-old female singer Chelly was selected out of about 2,000 candidates to sing songs for the 2011 anime television series "Guilty Crown" under the name Egoist, which is a fictional band featured in the series. Additionally, Chelly sings under the persona of the band's vocalist Inori Yuzuriha. At the time of the auditions, Ryo had already written "Departures (Anata ni Okuru Ai no Uta)" for "Guilty Crown" and was in search of a vocalist for the song. During the final audition, all of the candidates sang the song together, but according to Ryo, Chelly was the only one who fit the song perfectly. The album's title is meant to reflect Inori's character, including how her initial concept was based on a goldfish. The album's cover art is by Redjuice and shows Inori in a blue dress sitting down and holding a ball of red yarn; two goldfish are also depicted next to her.
Release and reception.
"Extra terrestrial Biological Entities" was released on September 19, 2012 in two editions: a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition. The DVD contained music videos of the songs "Departures (Anata ni Okuru Ai no Uta)", "The Everlasting Guilty Crown", and "Planetes", in addition to a video featuring "Planetes" to promote the visual novel "Guilty Crown: Lost Christmas". The album sold over 33,000 copies in September 2012, and on Oricon's weekly albums chart, it peaked at No. 9 and charted for 22 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="36808307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808307" title="John Master (disambiguation)">
John Master (disambiguation)

John Master was an English physician.
John Master may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36808308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808308" title="James Currie (birding expert)">
James Currie (birding expert)

James Currie (born April 9, 1972) is a birding expert, conservation advocate, and host of "Nikon’s Birding Adventures TV" and Nat Geo Wild’s "Aerial Assassins".
Early life.
Currie was born and raised in Cape Town, South Africa. His parents owned and ran the restaurant at Kirstenbosch Botanical Gardens on Table Mountain. Currie started birdwatching around the age of seven, becoming enamored of the power and beauty of birds after witnessing a Black Eagle swoop down and grab a rock hyrax right in front of him. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in African languages (he speaks Xhosa, Zulu and Afrikaans) from the University of Cape Town; a Master of Science in Environmental Management from Middlesex University; and worked for over a decade in Africa as a wildlife and birding tour guide. From 2004 to 2007, Currie was the managing director of the Africa Foundation, a nonprofit working to protect rural lands across Africa.
Television.
"Birding Adventures TV".
Currie created, produces and hosts "Birding Adventures TV". The show, sponsored by Nikon, debuted in 2009 and was initially broadcast regionally on Fox Sports Net Florida and Comcast Southeast. In 2012, the show aired nationally on NBC Sports Network. It focuses on rare and unusual birds, “the adventure of birding, the new smells, new bird calls, new wildlife and amazing cultures,” and emphasizes the importance of bird and wildlife habitat preservation. Going against stereotype, "Birding Adventures" showcases birding as an active sport, rather than a passive one. Episodes have been filmed around Florida and in exotic locations such as Ecuador, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Jamaica, Australia and the Andes Mountains. There are 13 episodes per season.
"Aerial Assassins".
In keeping with his philosophy of birding as an active sport, as host of "Aerial Assassins" on Nat Geo Wild, Currie follows packs of the unpredictable Harris’s Hawks hunting in the Sonoran Desert in Arizona. The show premiered on January 20, 2012.
Other media.
Currie consulted on and provided footage for the 2011 film "The Big Year", a comedy about a bird-spotting competition, starring Steve Martin, Jack Black and Owen Wilson. In 2012, he produced a four-part series on the birds of Botswana for the Botswana Tourism Organization. He contributes to the American Birding Association’s blog.
Personal life.
Currie and his wife Rebecca have three children. They have lived in Lake Worth, Florida since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36808321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808321" title="John Masters (disambiguation)">
John Masters (disambiguation)

John Masters was a writer.
John Masters may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36808325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808325" title="Carpomya wiedemanni">
Carpomya wiedemanni

Carpomya wiedermanni is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Distribution.
This species is present in Austria, Belgium, Britain Islands, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Russia, Spain, Switzerland and in the Near East.

</doc>
<doc id="36808327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808327" title="Sant Francesc de s'Estany">
Sant Francesc de s'Estany

Sant Francesc de s'Estany is a hamlet in the south of the Spanish island of Ibiza. It is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is located close to the islands main Airport and the Salines Salt Pans. It straddles the designated road PM-802 and is south west of Ibiza Town and from Ibiza Airport.
Description.
Sant Fracesc consists of a great many small dwellings spread across the area with the focal point being the small church. The church, almost a hermitage, located next to Ses Salines ponds, was built in 1785 by the state mainly aimed at offering religious services to the locals who worked in the ponds so that they did not have to travel home to pray. The Ses Salines as the ponds are known, are still worked today, and were first worked by the Phoenicians. Close by there are walks which border the ponds. The hamlet is also close to the beaches of Es Cavallet, ses Salines and Cap des Falcó.
The Esglésie Sant Francesc de s'Estany.
The little church of "Saint Francis of the Lagoon" stands on the road from Sant Jordi along with a small cluster of buildings which give the resemblance of a monastery. Amongst this cluster the church is apparent by its red tiled roof and bellcote. The design is simple with a very plain interior which has a low timber roof and a chancel which has a pointed arch between it and the nave, an unusual feature for Ibiza.
The Watch Towers.
Close to Sant Francesc de s'Estany there are two coastal defence towers. These towers were built to withstand the danger of artillery bombardment and to guard the islands most important economic asset, namely the salt workings. These two watch towers are called the Torre des Carregador (The Loading Tower), at the end of Platja d’en Bossa, and Torre de ses Portes which stands on the most southerly point of the island.
Torre de ses Portes.
Torre de ses Portes was built in the late sixteenth century as an early warning system for the inhabitants of the nearby village of Sant Josep from attack by pirates. Of all the watchtowers on Ibiza this is the tallest of them. It is constructed from dressed stone which gives a smooth finish to the gently tapering walls. To the top level there is a domed turret which covers the stairs. The tower has a narrow ground floor entry which behind has a dog-legged passage for further protection. This passage leads into a spacious inner chamber with a strong vaulted roof. In one corner of this room there is a deep cistern which was designed to supply the occupants with ample water in the event of a prolonged siege. At the first floor level there is another doorway which was installed at a later date. Up on the roof of the tower, the outer walls were indented with a series of gun embrasures, although these have since been blocked off. The tower is mentioned in documents dating back to 1620 were the tower is described as being built to protect a long abandoned fishing settlement.
Torre des Carregador "or" Torre de sa Sal Rossa.
This watch tower is variously called by two names, "Torre des Carregador", (the loading tower) or by the name "Torre de sa Sal Rossa", (the red salt tower). This tower was designed by the Italian engineer Giovanni Calvi to guard the salt working at Ses Salines on or around 1582. the tower stands at the far end of Platja d’ en Bossa. The tower overlooked the landings used to load ships with the valuable salt. The building is cone shaped, and has been described as an upside-down flower pot. The tower stands 13 metres high and around its base the walls are 4 metres thick. At the upper level the walls taper to a width of 2.6 metres thick and were designed to withstand cannon fire. Just below the towers' parapet there is a protruding stringer course of stone. The original entrance was at the base, and like the "Torre de ses Portes" has a dog-legged passage for further protection, which was just wide enough for one man to pass through at a time. To the end of this passageway there was an inner cross wall with a firing hole for a gunner to fire shots at point blank range if necessary. The tower was refurbished in 1763 (Inscribed above a window opening) when a more secure entrance was placed in the outer wall at the first floor level. The interior of this tower is divided into two stores with vaulted roofs the floors are linked by a spiral staircase which rises right to the roof. The ground floor is where the ammunition and all the provisions were stored. The smaller first floor was the guard room which had windows and a fireplace. On the roof would be small cannon with good range over the bay. Over the doorway at roof level was a cap-house ("Matacàc") which jutted out over the parapet. From here any defender could drop rocks through slots in the floor on to any attackers trying to gain access through the entrance below. Similarly, any attempt that attackers made to burn their way through the wooden door could be foiled by tipping buckets of sea water through the slots.
Illa des Penjats.
At this most southerly point and just a few meters of the coast is "Penjat island" or "Illa des Penjats" (Hangman’s island). This small rocky island was once a place of execution. The bodies of executed pirates were left hanging here from gallows to act as a warning to other would be pirates. The island is lozenge shaped running north to south and is wide and long. At the south eastern end of the island is a lighthouse. The building is of a rectangular shape with the light tower rising from the structure. There are also two wings, which were added on the side after the lighting apparatus was changed. The building is constructed of stone blocks and is whitewashed. The lighthouse was built to guide shipping through the narrow straight of "Es Freus" which lies between Ibiza and Formentera. The straights are full of small isles and rocky outcrops and area strong and frequent currents. One of the other islands in the area is called Illa des Porca (Pig Island) and was once used as a hideout and stronghold for the local pig smugglers. There is also a small light on this island.
Posidonia Seagrass Meadows.
The sea around these islands and in the straight of "Es Freus" has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site on account of the Neptune Grass or Mediterranean tapeweed meadows (Posidonia oceanica) which can be found here. The clarity and purity of the waters surrounding the islands of Ibiza and Formentera derives largely from this vast meadow of seagrass and the fact that they have been protected and kept in a pristine condition. The flourishing meadows encourage an exceptional range of well-preserved biological communities. This rich biodiversity reflects the fact that these meadows are a larder as well as a nursery for the offspring of a vast array of species. The meadows are a vital part of the eco-system of the sea here with each hectare of meadow producing no less than twenty-one tons of oxygen each 24-hour period.

</doc>
<doc id="36808330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808330" title="Kallen Pokkudan">
Kallen Pokkudan

Kallen Pokkudan, also known as "Kandal Pokkudan" is an environmental activist in Kerala. He has been working for the protection of mangrove forests since 1989.
Media.
He has acted in the film Papilio Buddha. The film, which " focuses on atrocities committed against Dalits, women and the environment," was censored by the government of India.
Books.
"Ente Jeevitham" and "Kandalkkadukalkkidayil Ente Jeevitham" are his autobiographies.
The biography of Kallen Pokkudan was written by Thaha Madayi.

</doc>
<doc id="36808343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808343" title="Holy Week in Braga">
Holy Week in Braga

The Holy Week in Braga.
The Holy Week in Braga is the most imposing, attractive and famous among all in Portugal, and the most important tourist and religious event in the city of Braga. It is estimated that about 100.000 people attend the major processions. It combines harmoniously elements of the liturgy and of popular piety, ancient traditions and innovation. Since November 2011, this event is officially “Declared of Interest to Tourism”.
Historical origin.
Most likely the Holy Week in Braga has its historical origin in the late 4th century. As others, presupposes the peace given to the Church by Emperor Constantine in 313, and the determinations of the Council of Nicaea on the celebration of Easter. The first major testimony of the celebration of Holy week in Jerusalem, and the likely start of his imitation in multiple other places in the Christian world, is the travelogue Peregrinatio ad Loca Sancta or Itinerarium ad Loca Sancta (Pilgrimage / Itinerary to Holy Places) or, simply, Itinerarium Egeriae (Itinerary of Egeria) written by Egeria or Aetheria. Interestingly, this pilgrim was a woman of Gallaecia, probably even of Bracara Augusta (nowadays the city of Braga), that made his own pilgrimage to the Holy Land between 381 and 384. Her piece of writing, which describes in detail the celebrations then made in Jerusalem, has probably inspired similar celebrations in other parts of the world. Braga, for obvious reasons, may have been among the first and have been even a center for irradiation. Its historical evolution throughout the Middle Ages is unknown. But likely their settings from the beginnings of the modern age, about which there are documents, have behind them a millennial tradition.
Promotion and organization.
The Holy Week in Braga is promoted by the Cathedral Chapter, in partnership with the brotherhoods of Mercy and of Holy Cross, and with the City Council of Braga, the Oporto and North of Portugal Tourism Organisation and the Commercial Association of Braga. It is organised by a Committee made up of representatives of these institutions and by some people in a personal capacity. It has the collaboration of the parish and the autarchy of St. Victor.
Cultural and spiritual preparation.
The spiritual preparation during Lent includes the mass and the imposition of Ashes at the Cathedral, the opening and the permanence of the Lenten “Lausperene” in churches of Braga, the Lenten conferences by the Archbishop Primate, three Stations of the Cross and three Lenten conferences at the Holy Cross Church, a procession of penitence to the “Bom Jesus do Monte” and a penitential celebration in the Cathedral with occurrence of confessions. This spiritual preparation is completed in cultural ambiance, with a series of concerts of religious music, several thematic exhibitions and some shows on Passion or Easter themes.
Holy Week day by day.
Friday before Palm Sunday
Saturday before Palm Sunday
Palm Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Processions and stations of the cross.
Transfer of the “Steps Lord”.
It is a simple procession in which the image of the “Senhor dos Passos” (Steps Lord) is transferred from the Holy Cross’s church to the St. Paul’s church, where, the next day, will come out in Steps Procession. After this procession, follows the popular stations of the cross, travelling by eight “stations” or “calvários” dispersed across the city. Between the stations the people sing a popular and very old song, known as the song of the “martírios” (martyrdom’s song).
Palms Procession.
Liturgical procession, where the crowd of participants actively integrates with palms and olive branches, previously blessed, chanting songs of “hossana” to Jesus Christ to remember his triumphal entry into Jerusalem.
Steps Procession.
Organized by the brotherhood of the Holy Cross, it runs through the city's streets in order to go through all the “calvários”, where are represented the major “steps” of painful path of Christ. In its texture, gives to spectators, in allegorical paintings and dramatic scenarios, the same events of the Mass of Palms that were read in the Gospel of the Passion. In it, parade the figures involved in the trial, condemnation and death of Jesus: soldiers, executioners and enemies; but also friends Cyrenians, repentant Magdalenes and pious women. Jesus himself, the “Lord of the Steps”, carrying the cross, goes through the city streets, as formerly went through Jerusalem. Next to the Holy Cross church is pronounced the “Sermon of the encounter” and, in the course of this, listeners attend the emotional encounter of Jesus with his grievous Mother, the "Lady of Sorrows”.
Biblical pageant “You shall be my people” (Our Lady of “little ass" Procession).
Organized, since 1998, by the parish and by the autarchy of S. Victor, this eloquent pageant presents the prehistory of the Paschal mystery of Jesus that the Church celebrates during the next days. Starting at the call of Abraham, passing by the age of the Patriarchs, from the slavery in Egypt and the epic release by Moses (prefiguration of Christ) until Jesus childhood – including his escape into that country with Joseph and Mary, mounted on a little ass – parade, in chronological succession and in real living catechesis, prophets, kings, eminent figures, symbols and biblical paintings of the Old Testament. In essence, in this way it is figured the Alliance of God with his people – “You shall be my people” – and prefigured the New Covenant which will be sealed with the blood of Christ.
Lord’s “Ecce Homo” (or of the “fogaréus”) Procession.
Organized since ancient times by the confraternity of Mercy, this procession, in the night of Maundy Thursday or "Endoenças", evokes the trial of Jesus, while celebrating the mercy that He taught. Opens the procession the exotic group of “farricocos” with their “matracas” (noisemaker) and “fogaréus” (high pieces with fire). The image of the Lord “Ecce Homo” represents Christ who stated himself as King and who Pilate ridiculed by putting a sham sceptre in his hands and showing him to the crowd with the words “Behold the man!”
Besides many allegorical figures of the supper and the trial of Jesus, since 2004 the procession incorporates floats of the fourteen works of mercy, as well as historical figures related to the foundation and history of Mercies, especially the Mercy of Braga. Since a few years ago it also incorporates several confraternities of the Mercy from various regions of Portugal.
Burial’s “teofórica” procession.
This impressive procession, characteristic of the Braga’s Ritual and performed inside the Cathedral, in the afternoon of Good Friday (after celebrated the Jesus death that however is alive), the Blessed Sacrament, closed on a bier covered with a black mantle, is taken from the “Horto” (garden, place of Jesus agony) where he had been the previous day, by the naves of the Cathedral – hence the name “teofórica” procession (which carries God) – and deposed in proper place for the veneration of the faithful. The escorts cover the face in a sign of mourning. Two little boys or two ladies, alternating with singings of the choir, sing in Latin: “Heu! Heu! Domine! Heu! Heu! Salvator noster!” (Oh! oh! My Lord! Oh! oh! Our Savior!).
Lord’s Burial’s Procession.
Organized by the Cathedral Chapter, by the confraternities of the Mercy and of Holy Cross, and by Committee on Holy week, this stately procession – the more solemn and touching – leads through the city streets the bier of the Lord killed. It is accompanied by those and other confraternities, by the Knights of Sovereign Orders of Malta and of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem, by the Chapter of the Cathedral and by numerous authorities. Integrate also the procession the platform with the Holy Cross and another one with Our Lady of Sorrows. In a sign of mourning, the canons and members of Confraternities go with their heads covered. To show their pain, the allegorical figures bearing a veil of mourning. The blackjacks of “farricocos” go silent. The flags and banners, with borders in mourning, creep on the ground.
Resurrection Procession.
Exclusive of the Braga’s Ritual, this interior procession through the naves of the Cathedral carries the white Host – previously removed from the coffin where it had been placed the day before –, displayed in a monstrance. After the procession, the white Host, as Christ resuscitated and alive, blesses the faithful, while these singing “He is risen! He is risen!”, as well as Regina Coeli, laetare (Queen of Heaven, rejoice), as a way of giving congratulations to the Lady of Sorrows who has become the Lady of Joy.
Particularities and curiosities.
Lenten “Lausperene”.
The city of Braga retains this ancient tradition of, in the course of Lent, exposing every day the Blessed Sacrament to the adoration of the faithful, since the beginning of the morning until the evening, successively passing from church to church. It is a devotion created in 1710 by the Archbishop Rodrigo de Moura Teles; and very assumed both by the churches who strive in the art of floral adornment of its galleries and altars and by many people, believers of all ages and conditions, which are rushing to visit the Lord exposed.
“Calvários”.
They are frameworks representing the eight “steps” of Christ on the road to Calvary, which are dispersed across various locations in the city of Braga and are the property of the confraternity of the Holy Cross. They are kept closed throughout the year, but during the Holy week they are opened and decorated with shrubs and flowers.
Decoration of the city.
Throughout the month preceding Easter, the city of Braga, particularly in its historic center, is artistically decorated by arches, street pendants, posters and outdoors. Since 2004, the popular style of these decorations was replaced by a more elaborate and erudite design style, replacing the more traditional, of popular taste, which in more recent times, had as author the Master José Veiga.
“Farricocos” and “fogaréus”.
The “farricocos” are exotic figures roughly dressed in black tunics, (“balandraus”) surrounded by a rope, hooded with identical cloth, having two holes in front of the eyes, a crown of sisal encircling the head and barefooted. This dress is a sign of penitence, inspired by in the Old Testament (cf. Jo 3,8) and comes from the old “processions of Penitence”. On Holy Thursday roam the city streets making work their rattles or “ruge-ruge”, a species of noisy machines, in wood, mounted on top of the black sticks, which are made to rotate about an axis, provoking the curiosity and amazement of people. In the “Ecce Homo” procession the “farricocos” go ahead, opening the procession: a part of them making rotate, now and then, their rattles which may be listened to, and the other part wielding the “fogaréus”. Thus, they do memory of times when they walked through the streets calling the public “sinners” to the “endoença”, that is, the Church's forgiveness. Their way of dressing is, on the one hand, a sign of penance and, on the other hand, serves to hide their anonymity. In the Lord’s Burial’s procession, the “farricocos” also go opening the procession, but quietly and dragging the rattles on the ground and with the “fogaréus” deleted. The “fogaréus” are metallic bowls, lifted by high black sticks, and containing burning pine cones in large flames. Some “farricocos” accompany nearby the “fogaréus” with baskets of pine cones to go renewing the fire. As a whole, they are exotic and impressive figures, which became, for many people, a species of ex-libris of the Holy Week of Braga.
“Teofórica” Procession.
See its brief description before.
Paschal Visit.
It is a very rooted custom in the North of Portugal, on Easter Sunday. A group of people (“Compasso”), whenever possible chaired by a priest, with festive costumes, departing from their parish church with a decked cross go to visit Christian families to announce the Christ resurrection and to bless their homes. Ring the bells in sign of joy, carpets of flowers are made through the streets and paths, and rockets explode in the air.
To visit.
In addition to the monuments, gardens and streets of the historic city center of Braga, it is especially recommended to visitors, a visit to the sanctuary of Bom Jesus do Monte. Being a grandiose work of the architect Carlos Amarante, begun in 1784 and completed in 1811, the Bom Jesus do Monte is unique in the world, as an artistic arrangement of mountain – architectural, sculptural and landscaping –, a Baroque masterpiece of Braga, a candidate for the “World Heritage”, and a singular testimony of devotion to the Passion of Christ. With the chapels of its monumental staircase, exhibiting in a sculptural way the Stations of the Cross, culminating in the beautiful temple with the scene of the crucifixion, located in its altarpiece, and concluding with the stations of the luminous way of the mysteries of the Risen, this set was thought by the Archbishop Rodrigo de Moura Teles precisely to shape plastically that devotion.

</doc>
<doc id="36808348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808348" title="Manuel Montero">
Manuel Montero

Manuel "Pantera" Montero (born November 20, 1991 in Buenos Aires) is a rugby union footballer, who plays for Club Pucará and Argentina on the wing.
Montero switched to rugby from basketball as a teenager. He was selected for the Argentina Under 20's side for the IRB Junior World Cup in 2010, a year later in 2011 he was the standout player for Argentina in the Under 20 World Cup scoring against Italy and setting up a try with a great individual effort. After a spell in the Argentina Sevens side, in 2012 he gained selection for the Pampas XV and made his Pumas debut later that year, scoring a hat trick in his second test against Brazil and scoring 5 tries in his 3 matches. In his first start against a top nation, he scored the match winning try to defeat France in Cordoba.
He was included in 's squad that debuted at the new 2012 Rugby Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36808365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808365" title="MDB Communications">
MDB Communications

MDB Communications is an American advertising agency based in Washington, DC. The agency’s most known work includes the Washington Examiner’s “Freedom Isn’t Free” advertisements and the DC Lottery “Chances” Campaign. 
MDB Communications was founded in 1981 by Michael David Brown and later acquired by the current CEO Cary Hatch in 1987. The agency was named to the "Inc. 500" list in 1998. They also were recognized on Ad Age’s “Top US Agency Brands by Revenue” in 2007. The agency provides creative development, direct marketing, market research, online marketing, analytics, production, strategic consulting, public relations, and media buying and planning for numerous clients both domestically and internationally. 
The agency is located at 1150 18th Street NW in downtown Washington, DC. MDB Communications focuses on their motto: “Positive Results,” stating their intent is to “build your brand, promote your product, service, or cause, and meet your objectives with inspired creative thinking.” Powered by experienced leaders, MDB Communications has provided strategic and creative counsel for clients for more than three decades. Most notably, MDB Communications hired the mastermind behind the Subway Restaurant “Jared” Campaign, as their Chief Creative Officer in 2006. 
The company’s list of client’s includes:
On November 13, 2012, Snipp Interactive Inc. and MDB Communications agreed to a memorandum of understanding to promote mobile technology solutions to their existing and potential customers.

</doc>
<doc id="36808374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808374" title="1936 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1936 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Helen Jacobs defeated Hilde Sperling 6–2, 4-6, 7-5 to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1936 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36808378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808378" title="Battle of Adyar">
Battle of Adyar

The Battle of Adyar (also the Battle of Adyar River) took place on 29 October 1746. The battle involved 300 men of the French East India Company, which had recently captured nearby Madras from the British, and a much larger force of 10,000 men belonging to Anwaruddin Muhammed Khan, the Nawab of the Carnatic, who sought to take Madras from the French. In the battle, which took place near the banks of the Adyar River, the French decisively defeated the larger Carnatic force, demonstrating the effectiveness of well-trained European forces in combating poorly trained Indian troops.

</doc>
<doc id="36808379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808379" title="Crowe &amp; Dunlevy">
Crowe &amp; Dunlevy

Crowe & Dunlevy is an American law firm in Oklahoma. It has offices in Tulsa and Oklahoma City, and is the second largest firm in the state. According to the National Law Journal's 2012 list of largest U.S. law firms by number of lawyers (commonly known as the "NLJ 350"), Crowe & Dunley is the 340th largest law firm in the country. Founded in 1902, Crowe & Dunlevy is Oklahoma's oldest law firm.
History.
1902-1949.
The firm was founded in 1902 by Charles Edward Johnson (1870-1950). Johnson was a Swedish emigrant and a University of Texas Law School graduate. The firm's first office was located at 131 ½ West Grand. The Westin Hotel stands at this location today.
In 1903, Albert P. Crockett (1871-1918) joined Johnson's practice, forming the firm's first partnership. Judge Benjamin F. Burwell (1866-1916) joined the firm in 1907 and the name changed to Burwell, Crockett & Johnson. Judge Burwell began practicing law in Oklahoma in 1891. By 1898, he was serving as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court for the Territory of Oklahoma, a position he held from 1898 until statehood in 1907. Judge Burwell died in 1916 and John Embry (1869-1960), a former U.S. Attorney for the state of Oklahoma joined the firm. The firm's name changed to Embry, Crockett & Johnson. In 1918, Crockett died and Chester P. Kidd joined the firm. The name of the firm changed to Embry, Johnson & Kidd.
In 1922, Kidd retired due to illness. That same year, Raymond A. Tolbert (1890-1960), joined the firm. The firm's name changed to Embry, Johnson & Tolbert. Tolbert would serve as the firm's Managing Partner until his death. In 1929, Vincil Penny Crowe (1897-1974), a former Assistant Attorney General for the State of Oklahoma, joined the firm and the name became Embry, Johnson, Crowe & Tolbert. The First National Building was completed in 1932 and the Firm moved to Suite 640 at the southeast corner of Park and Robinson. The firm's name changed to Embry, Johnson, Crowe, Tolbert & Shelton in 1943 when Troy Shelton became the newest partner.
1950-1980.
In 1950, the firm's founder, Charles Edward Johnson, died. By 1951, the firm's name changed again this time to include the new partner, and Embry's son-in-law, Calvin P. Boxley (1901-1966). The firm became known as Embry, Johnson, Crowe, Tolbert & Boxley. Though he died in 1950, Johnson's name remained a part of the firm name until 1953. That year Charles Edward Johnson's name was dropped from the firm name and Bruce H. Johnson's name was added. The two Johnsons were not related and the firm became Embry, Crowe, Tolbert, Boxley & Johnson. In 1959, Vivian Diffendaffer became the first woman attorney to work at Crowe & Dunlevy. 
John Embry and Raymond A. Tolbert both died in 1960, and Fred W. Dunlevy (4/19/1914-9/13/1994), C. Harold Thweatt and John W. Swinford all became partners. In 1961, the firm's name became Crowe, Boxley, Dunlevy, Thweatt, Swinford & Johnson. The new partners were not new to the firm; Dunlevy joined the firm in 1937, Thweatt joined in 1944 and Swinford joined in 1946. Calvin P. Boxley died in 1966 and in 1968 the Firm's name became Crowe, Dunlevy, Thweatt, Swinford, Johnson & Burdick to include Ben L. Burdick, a new partner who had been with the firm since 1947. In 1979, the moniker 'A Professional Corporation,' was added to the firm's name.
1981-Present.
In 1981, the name of the firm was changed one last time to Crowe & Dunlevy, A Professional Corporation. That same year, the firm moved to the Mid-America Tower (now known as the Continental Oil Center) at the southeast corner of Main and Broadway. Both the firm's name and location have remained the same since. To meet the needs of its expanding client base, Crowe & Dunlevy opened Tulsa office in 1989 and a Norman office in 1991. In 2007, Crowe & Dunlevy formed the Oklahoma Law Alliance. In 2011, Crowe & Dunlevy merged with another Oklahoma law firm, Day, Edwards, Propester & Christensen. Attorneys from Day, Edwards, Propester & Christensen joined Crowe & Dunlevy, with a focus on the securities and litigation and banking and financial institutions. In April 2012 Kevin Gordon was elected president of the firm.
Areas of Practice.
Crowe & Dunlevy's clients include individuals and small businesses, as well as large national and multi-national corporations. Crowe & Dunlevy has represented clients in all aspects of commercial law practice, in both state and federal courts. The firm's major areas of practice include: Administrative; Antitrust; Appellate; Aviation; Banking; Bankruptcy; Commercial; Corporate/Securities; Employment; Employee Benefits; Energy; Environmental; Franchising; Gaming; Healthcare; Indian; Insurance; Intellectual Property; Natural Resources; Product Liability; Public Finance; Real Estate; Tax; Trusts/Estate and White-Collar Crime.
External links.
1. Official Firm Website

</doc>
<doc id="36808381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808381" title="Eugene Maltsev">
Eugene Maltsev

Eugene Demjanovich Maltsev (; August 9, 1929, Ryazan Oblast, USSR — December 24, 2003, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, People's Artist of the Russian Federation, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of the Soviet Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad. In 1990-1997 Eugene Maltsev was a head of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists, in 1989-1991 was elected a People's Deputies of the Soviet Union from the USSR Union of Artists. Maltsev regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his portrait and historical paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36808387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808387" title="Wooden Church, Zalnoc">
Wooden Church, Zalnoc

The Wooden Church () is a church in Zalnoc, Romania, built in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36808403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808403" title="Yo Kobayashi">
Yo Kobayashi

Yo Kobayashi（小林洋, 1981年 - ）is a Japanese researcher in the field of robotics in Waseda University.　 He has developed the needle insertion system, robotic surgery, computer-assisted robot and tremor suppressibility robot.

</doc>
<doc id="36808456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808456" title="2003 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship">
2003 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship

The 2003 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship took place on May 6–9, 2003 at the Ginásio do Ibirapuera in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36808460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808460" title="Basket Parma">
Basket Parma

Basket Parma, also known as Lavezzini Parma for sponsorship reasons, is an Italian women's basketball club from Parma playing in Serie A1. It was established in 1962 as Associazione Basket Parma. 
Parma's first major success was winning the 1990 Ronchetti Cup, beating Jedinstvo Tuzla in the final. This was followed by a second Ronchetti trophy in 1993. The team also reached the final in 1994, 1995 and 1997, but lost to Ahena Cesena, CJM Bourges and CSKA Moscow respectively. After winning the 1998 Coppa Italia, in 2000 it again reached the final and defeated CB Islas Canarias to win its third title, which makes it the second most successful team in the competition along with CSKA Moscow and Spartak Moscow.
In 2001 Parma won both the Serie A and the national cup, and the following year it reached the Euroleague's Final Four, where it was beaten by Lotos Gdynia and defeated MBK Ruzomberok to attain a bronze. In addition, it successfully defended its cup title. The team hasn't won any more trophies since then. It has made three more appearances in the Euroleague (2003–05), and four appearances in the Eurocup (2006–09).

</doc>
<doc id="36808472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808472" title="Godfrey Samuelson">
Godfrey Samuelson

Godfrey Blundell Samuelson (3 June 1863 – 3 November 1941) was a British Liberal Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1887 to 1892.
Samuelson unsuccessfully contested the 1885 general election in the Tewkesbury division of Gloucestershire. He was unsuccessful again at the 1886 general election in the Frome division of Somerset, where he was defeated by the Conservative candidate in what had been a Liberal-held seat.
He entered Parliament the following year, when he was elected at by-election in July 1887 as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Forest of Dean, following the resignation of the Liberal MP Thomas Blake.
Samuelson did not stand again at the next general election, in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="36808485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808485" title="Rakvere linnastaadion">
Rakvere linnastaadion

The Rakvere linnastaadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Rakvere, Estonia. The stadium holds 2,500 seating places. The address of the stadium is Kastani pst 12, Rakvere.
Although being a small venue, the stadium hosted three group matches of the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, permanent tenant Rakvere JK Tarvas plays in Esiliiga, second tier of Estonian domestic football.

</doc>
<doc id="36808495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808495" title="Asko Jussila">
Asko Jussila

Asko Jussila (born 25 January 1963) is a Finnish football manager, currently managing Haka in Finnish Veikkausliiga.

</doc>
<doc id="36808516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808516" title="Adult-onset immunodeficiency syndrome">
Adult-onset immunodeficiency syndrome

Adult-onset immunodeficiency syndrome is a provisional name for a newly diagnosed immunodeficiency illness. The name is proposed in the first public study to identify the syndrome. It appears to be chronic and non-contagious, affecting mainly people of Asian descent aged around 50. Cases first started appearing in 2004, primarily in Thailand and Taiwan.
Signs and symptoms.
At least one physician associates the symptoms with tuberculosis. Some lethal overwhelming infections are reported, aggravating people who already suffer other conditions such as HIV/AIDS. 
Metabolic function.
An elevated concentration of autoantibodies that block interferon-gamma was detected in most patients. 
Cause.
Little is publicly known about the underlying factors causing the disease. Genetic factors are suspected, but the disease does not appear to be heritable. Also, something in the environment may trigger the disease.
Society and culture.
The swash.com website uses AIDS 2.0 as the moniker for maybe another, apparently highly contagious AIDS-like condition described by The Epoch Times.
The Daily Beast has described this disease emphatically as not AIDS 2.0.

</doc>
<doc id="36808534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808534" title="MAP Linhas Aéreas">
MAP Linhas Aéreas

MAP Linhas Aéreas is a domestic airline based in Manaus, Brazil, founded in 2011 authorized to operate regular and non-regular charter flights within Brazil.
History.
MAP (Manaus Aerotaxi Participações S/A) Linhas Aéreas was founded in 2011 and received its authorization to operate flights on August 14, 2012.
MAP Linhas Aéreas is a sister company of Manaus Aerotáxi.
Destinations.
As of September 2013 MAP Linhas Aéreas operated services to the following destinations in Brazil:
Fleet.
As of December 2012 the fleet of MAP Linhas Aéreas included the following aircraft:
Airline affinity program.
MAP Linhas Aéreas has no Frequent Flyer Program.

</doc>
<doc id="36808539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808539" title="Edward L. Romero">
Edward L. Romero

Edward L. Romero (born in January 2, 1934) is an entrepreneur and American diplomat who served as the U.S. Ambassador to Spain and Andorra between 1998 and 2001. He was also one of the founders of the Hispanic Cultural Foundation and the National Hispanic Cultural Center in New Mexico, the Advanced Sciences, Inc., the Chamber of Commerce Albuquerque Hispano, the Board of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute and of "Valor Telecommunications Southwest, LLC."
Biography.
Romero was born on January 2, 1934 in Alamosa, Colorado. However, his family is originally from Albuquerque, New Mexico. His mother, in Southern Colorado, was a precinct chairwoman for thirty-seven
years and she was even elected a delegate for Adlai Stevenson. His family was descended in part of the Spanish settlers who arrived to New Mexico in 1598. So, one of his ancestors, Bartolomé Romero, came from Corral de Almaguer, a municipality of Toledo, Castilla La Mancha, and settled in New Mexico in this year (1598). His grandfather was a Fraternity brother of New Mexico. His first language was Spanish, but he currently speaks both English and Spanish fluently. In his youth, he fought in the Korean War. 
After of that, he studied at Los Angeles State College and Citrus College.When he graduated, he moved to New Mexico. 
During the Vietnam war, he was particularly critical of the war, forming a group, with some others people, called Veterans Against Vietnam that eventually became an anti-Vietnam group. After the Vietnam war, he becoming in official of Democratic Party and, over time, he became the county chairman of the Democratic party. 
He has been a member of the Advisory Committee on Services´s Policy U.S. Representative for International Trade, leading some U.S. delegations to Mexico and belonged also to the President's Hispanic Advisory Committee.
Interested in the environment, he founded the Advanced Sciences, Inc., a corporation of environmental engineering and waste management - recently merged with Commodore Applied Technologies, Inc., a company listed on Bolsa, which is also president and director. In addition, was a founding member of the Chamber of Commerce Albuquerque Hispano and the Board of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute. Well as of the Hispanic Cultural Foundation and the National Hispanic Cultural Center in New Mexico. He is also one of the founders of "Valor Telecommunications Southwest, LLC."
In June 23, 1998, he was appointed by President Bill Clinton as United States Ambassador to Spain, being confirmed as such by the Senate on June 23 of that year. Furthermore, on 1 June that year, the former president also appointed him Ambassador to Andorra. In 2001 was replaced by George Argyros as ambassador to this country. 
He was also member of the Federal Advisory Committee for Trade Negotiations and of the U.S. Delegations on the Helsinki Accords. 
Romero has been active in various social works, winning numerous awards and recognitions from various organizations such as Americans and Spanish.
Personal life.
He is married Cayetana Garcia and have four children and eight grandchildren. The ancestors of his wife also left Spain on 1898, but came from a region of Castilla y Leon.
Trivia.
He said be a big fan of bullfighting and toreo.

</doc>
<doc id="36808550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808550" title="Dietrichstein tomb">
Dietrichstein tomb

The Dietrichstein tomb is a family tomb of Dietrichsteins located in Mikulov in South Moravia. It is protected as a cultural monument of the Czech Republic. Originally, this building was built as a copy of the Holy House of Loreto. Later the church St. Anne was added to the chapel.
At present there are courtyard, grave chapel, two aisles with coffins and stairs in the south tower in the tomb.
History.
In 1623, under license from the Pope, they started to build the chapel nearby the Capuchin Monastery, that Cardinal established in 1611. The sculpture of Black Madonna was placed into the chapel and soon became surrounded by stories of legends of miracles. Above the chapel he church consecrated to St. Anne was built by the Cardinal´s successor Maximilian Dietrichstein. It was completed in 1656. The Dietrichsteins had been buried under the Loreto Church since the late 17th century.
The construction of the Loreto Church was carried out according to the plans by Giovanni Giacomo Tencalla, the Italian architect who constructed the chateaus in Lednice and Valtice for the Liechtensteins. The stucco decoration in the former presbytery and in Náchod chapel is the work of his brother Giovanni Tencalla.
The stone facade dates from 1700. The original single-tower facade was reconstructed by Leopold Dietrichstein. Its designer viennese architect Johann Bernard Fischer of Erlach, here brings his expression of Roman monumental Baroque.
The building next to St. Anne΄s, joined at the right angle, was built in 1652 as a sacristy for the church and the jewellery belonging to the Loreta’s Madonna. The treasury consisted of the Madonna’s wardrobe and gold jewels. Opposite the sacristy there ware three Canonical houses for the canons who looked after the church.
The Náchod chapel belonged to the Moravian Baron Family from Náchod who owned the estate near Mikulov. The cupola of this chapel also in Roman Baroque style is the only what remained in its original appearance.
In 1784 one of the most destructive fires in the history of the town broke out in the vicinity of the Loreto Church. The entire northern part of the square burnt down, together with the Loreto Church and the Capuchin Monastery. The monastery ceased to exist and Loreta remained the ruin until 1745. The coffins, the sculpture of Black Madonna and the Loreta treasury were saved and removed to the Church of St. Wenceslas in Mikulov. Later the contents of the treasury were sold at auction.
The ruin of the Loreto Church was rebuilt by Franz Joseph Prince of Dietrichstein in 1846 as the Dietrichstein tomb according to the plans by Austrian architect Heinrich Koch. The collapsed vault of the nave wasn’t rebuilt, its area became a courtyard. In the middle of the courtyard there is the sculpture of Franz Joseph Prince of Dietrichstein, the work of Emanuel Max from 1859. The former presbytery became a funeral chapel with the Empire facade. 
There are 45 coffins holding the remains of members of the Dietrichstein family in the Dietrichstein tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="36808559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808559" title="Tom Helebert">
Tom Helebert

Thomas "Tom" Helebert (born 1964) is an Irish former hurler and one third of the current Galway senior hurling management team, who played as a left wing-back for the Galway senior team.
Helebert joined the team in 1989 and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement in 1996. He has won one National League winners' medal and one All-Star award. He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion. In 1996 he received an All Star Award.
At club level Helebert played with Gort.
Helebert is currently on the Galway management team, having helped revamp the team and bring them to an All Ireland final in 2012. He also had a role to play with Clarenbridge, when they won the AI Club Final on St. Patricks Day 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36808574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808574" title="Shepherd and Wedderburn">
Shepherd and Wedderburn

Shepherd and Wedderburn LLP is a leading commercial law firm, headquartered in Edinburgh and with offices in Glasgow, Aberdeen and London. In 2010 it was listed by "The Lawyer" as the seventy-second largest firm in the UK, and fourth largest in Scotland, with a turnover of £35.3m. Prior to the merge of Scotland's largest firm, McGrigors, with London-headquartered Pinsent Masons, Shepherd and Wedderburn was considered one of Scotland's "Big Four" firms.
The firm came into being in 1922 when Joseph Wedderburn of Carment Wedderburn & Watson WS entered a partnership with Alfred Shepherd of Guild & Shepherd WS.
Nowadays, its practice is focused on three sectors: Energy & Natural Resources, Financial Sector, and Real Estate & Infrastructure, although it also provides services in Food & Drink, Hospitality & Leisure, Public Sector, and Pharma & Life Sciences.
It is rated by legal directory Chambers and Partners as a Band 1 firm for Competition/European Law, Corporate/M&A, Employee Share Schemes & Incentives, Energy & Natural Resources: Power, Renewables & Alternative Energy, Planning, Real Estate, and Restructuring/Insolvency, and by Legal 500 as a first tier firm for Corporate and Commercial, EU and Competition, Insolvency and Corporate Recover, Pensions, Energy (excluding oil and gas), Edinburgh and Glasgow Commercial Property, Environment, Planning, Property Litigation, and Intellectual Property, and as one of the Scotland region's first tier firms.

</doc>
<doc id="36808577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808577" title="Ivan Godlevsky">
Ivan Godlevsky

Ivan Ivanovich Godlevsky (; March 9, 1908, Kholm Governorate, Russian Empire — August 20, 1998, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his landscapes painted in decorative style.

</doc>
<doc id="36808590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808590" title="Searchblox">
Searchblox

SearchBlox is a provider and an open source enterprise content search engine built on top of Apache Lucene/Solr. Its software implements search indexing solutions for Website, eCommerce, Intranet, and database searching. Search capabilities include flexible crawling, metadata indexing, search result customization, multilingual support, reporting, analytics, faceted search, and featured results. Users are provided with simple search customization, integration, and administrative solutions.
SearchBlox external connectors allow one to index Alfresco, CMIS, Documentum (EMC), Databases (Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, JDBC supported DBs), FileNet (IBM), LiveLink (OpenText), Meridio (Autonomy), SharePoint, Wiki, Window Shares (Win, Samba, NetApp, other NAS systems). It has the ability to deploy on AWS EC2 featuring automated, semi-automatic and manual deployment methods to set up cloud search on Amazon.
Features.
End-user features
Administrator features
Latest software release.
Searchblox Version 7.5 Build 1 was released in 2013 for Windows, Unix, Mac OS X, War file, Word Press Plugin, PHP Examples for Rest API. The new 7.5 Build 1 version makes it easy to add faceted search without the hassles of managing a schema and scales horizontally without any manual configuration or external software/scripts. It enables to have distributed indexing and searching abilities without using any separate scripts/programs as in SolrCloud. SearchBlox provides on demand dynamic faceting of fields without specifying them through a config or script.
History.
SearchBlox Software, Inc. was founded in 2003 with the aim to develop commercial search products based on Apache Lucene.
Availability.
Searchblox Software provides search to over 300 customers in 30 countries. Software supports 37 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="36808594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808594" title="Ricky Kej">
Ricky Kej

Ricky Kej (born 5 August 1981) is an Indian musician, composer and producer, born in North Carolina, USA. He works primarily in New Age and World Music. He has released a number of albums throughout his career, including seven on the Virgin EMI record label. Kej began his career producing and creating radio and TV jingles. He was also a keen keyboard and guitarist for a number of bands.
In his early career he released three albums before licensing his albums with Virgin EMI. In 2011, he created the opening ceremony song for the 2011 Cricket World Cup. In 2012, he was awarded by VH1 as India Rules – Artist.
Early life & education.
Kej was born in North Carolina before moving to India at a young age, where he grew up and was educated. He completed his schooling at the Bishop Cotton's Boys' High School, Bangalore. 
Kej first began experimenting with music during his college days, and slowly began to take music seriously. He started off his musical career playing keyboard and guitar for various Rock bands in India. 
In the year 2005, he graduated as a Dental Surgeon. Ironically, he did not practice Dentistry after he was awarded his degree and pursued a career in music instead. 
Music career.
Early works (1990’s – 2007).
Kej produced jingles for television and radio throughout his education and the beginning of his music career. Over a period of 13 years, he produced over 3000 jingles for TV and Radio. His expertise in this field allowed him to work with a variety of companies like Essilor, Microsoft, Levis, Air India, and Blaupunkt.
After his jingle success, in 2003 Kej released his first International lounge album titled 'Communicative art - Lounge from the bay'. Songs from this album were released on over 20 international compilations in France, Poland, China, Taiwan, India, Israel and Germany.
After the success of his first album, Key featured on the compilation album titled ‘Asha Waali Dhoop’, which was released in 2006. Kej’s success in India was recognized in the US, which led him to release his next two albums with Water Music Records USA. His second and third albums were released in quick succession and were titled 'Kamasutra Lounge part 1 & 2'.
Virgin EMI & films (2008 – 2011).
After the release of Kej’s third album, he went onto win a number of awards. In 2008 he received an advertising award at the Clio Awards. A year later wh was awarded another advertising award at the Adfest Asia Awards.
The success of his first three albums allowed him to get involved in film soundtracks. His first break in this field came in 2008 composing the entire score and songs in the Kannada language including Accident in 2008 and Venkata in Sankata in 2010. Ricky won a ‘One Show’ award for Advertising Excellence and a finalist for the Cannes Advertising Award for his Nike jingle.
His other works during this period include 'Bollywood Remixed ', 'Dance The Golden Years'. In 2011, he composed music for the opening ceremony of the 
ICC Cricket World Cup, held at Dhakka on February 17th 2011. This opening ceremony was telecast in over 200 countries worldwide. It was hailed by the World Media as the best Opening Ceremony in the history of World Cup Cricket.
In 2011, Times of India nominated Ricky as one of Bangalore's Most Desirable and Indian Express hailed him as the most eligible bachelor in Bangalore.
In the same year, Ricky released the internationally successful Dance/Percussion based album Fiery Drums, followed by Fiery Drums Volume 2, Mesmerizing Flute and Mesmerizing Santoor.
Recent career (2012 - present).
In 2012, Kej’s music video for “Arabian Sea” had frequent airplay on VH1, leading him to be declared an “India Rules - Artist” by VH1 in September 2012. During the same year, he also composed/produced tracks for various French compilation albums, such as Indian Zen and Des Voix De L'Inde, and, he created an official remix of the Oscar-winning Slumdog Millionaire song “Jai Ho”, which was featured on the compilation album Dance The Golden Years for the USA markets.
In 2012 Ricky Kej created the anthem 'Jaya Hain Kannada Thaye' as a tribute to the state of Karnataka. He collaborated with well-known wildlife photographer and Conservationist in creating the first ever 'Wild Life Music Video' in India. This music video was shot entirely in the forests of Karnataka including the Western Ghats. It featured rare species found indigenous to Karnataka. With a message of conservation, the video got tremendous airplay television channels, and was unanimously critically acclaimed.
In 2013, Ricky released his first independent albums in the U.S. via his own Raveolution Studios, including Shanti Orchestra, Ballad of Maya and Kamasutra Lounge – The Deluxe Edition.
In November 2013, Ricky was nominated for a Hollywood Music in Media Award in The Best New Age Category for his song "Forever" off of his album, Shanti Orchestra.
Other Work.
Kej he has appeared as a guest judge on many singing reality shows in India, and is an activist for Music Education and Animal Rights. Ricky is the Festival Curator for the International Film Festival at UB City - 'Film Harvest' – and with a keen interest in art, he is known to curate works of younger artists and help them showcase their works at art galleries and exhibitions.
Kej is a trustee and founding member of the 'Majolly Music Trust'. Their main objectives are to raise the standards of music education in India and to set up a pension fund for old and infirmed musicians who are no longer able to make a livelihood from musical performances and recordings.
He is also an ambassador for the 'Project Peace on Earth'. He is the first musical ambassador from India.

</doc>
<doc id="36808609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808609" title="Carruanthus">
Carruanthus

Carruanthus is a genus of flowering plants from the ice plant family Aizoaceae.
"Ringens" and "peersi" are species native to South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36808620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808620" title="Network Enabled Weapon">
Network Enabled Weapon

Network Enabled Weapons, or NEW, are a class of air-to-ground precision-guided munitions in development by a number of countries. A derivative of GPS-guided weapons, which are guided to a specific coordinate entered prior to release, NEW have the additional ability to have targeting coordinates updated in flight through the use of a common datalink, and be tracked by aircraft and other platforms logged into the same network.
Previous weapons have used datalink to provide updated target information in flight (e.g. AMRAAM), but the creation of a common datalink allows control of the weapon to be passed from one platform to another, for example from an aircraft that launches the weapons to a ground party that is in visual contact with an enemy tank formation.
The concept for network enabled weapons originated at the U.S. Air Force's Air Combat Command headquarters in 2003 as a solution to the problem of attacking moving targets in all-weather, high-threat environments. The Air Force's Air Armament Center refined the idea and in late 2003 declared NEW as the "single most cost effective means available for enhancing overall armament capability."
An Advanced Concept Technology Demonstration was funded in 2005 to develop the miniaturized radio that would be needed and demonstrate the feasibility of the concept. Subsequently, the requirements for the Small Diameter Bomb (SDB) Increment 2 were modified to incorporate the capability. Later weapons incorporating this technology include the AGM-154 Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW C-1) and Turkish Air Force's SOM Cruise Missile.

</doc>
<doc id="36808642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808642" title="Marieberg, Stockholm">
Marieberg, Stockholm

Marieberg is a district in Kungsholmen borough in Stockholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36808684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808684" title="Tijani Mohammed">
Tijani Mohammed

Tijani Mohammed, (born 7 July 1990), is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a winger or striker for Boeung Ket Rubber Field in Cambodian League.
Tijani played football in Ghana, before making his way to Denmark, earning trials, eventually becoming a part of B71's Vodafonedeild-squad for the 2011 campaign in Faroese top flight football. After B71's relegation from Vodafonedeildin that same year, Tijani was released, but was subsequently recalled for the second part of the 2012 season.
Since the 2014 season Tijani Mohammed plays in the Cambodian League for Boeung Ket Rubber Field.
__TOC__
Abilities.
Tijani is often noted for being a fast player and a constant goal threat. <br>Additionally, Tijani also possesses good aerial abilities, in spite of his low stature.

</doc>
<doc id="36808693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808693" title="2008 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season">
2008 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season

The 2008 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season was the third Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup season. The season began at Hockenheim on 26 April and finished on 5 October at Spa, after sixteen races.
Motopark Academy driver Valtteri Bottas won the NEC championship title, having won twelve races during the season, bringing the team their third successive drivers' championship title. His team-mates António Félix da Costa and Tobias Hegewald, completed the top three, for the team's second consecutive championship title.
Standings.
"Points are awarded only based on position. There are 2 races by rounds, each 25 minutes."
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="36808708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808708" title="Fee (surname)">
Fee (surname)

Fee is a surname, usually an anglicized version of the Irish Ó Fiaich. The Chinese surname Fei is sometimes also transliterated as Fee. The French surname Fée, meaning fairy, is another less common source for this name in English.
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36808720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808720" title="Master of the treasury">
Master of the treasury

The master of the treasury or treasurer (, , , ) was a royal official in the Kingdom of Hungary from the 12th century. Although treasurers were initially responsible for collecting and administering royal revenues, they adopted more and more judiciary functions and turned into the highest judges of the realm. From the 14th century, treasures presided the court of appeals for a group of the free royal cities, including Buda (Budapest, Hungary), Bártfa (Bardejov, Slovakia), Eperjes (Prešov, Slovakia), Kassa (Košice, Slovakia), Nagyszombat (Trnava, Slovakia), and Pressburg (Pozsony, Bratislava, Slovakia).
The name is derived from the Slavic word "tovor" (= casket, strong-box).
Middle Ages.
Initially, the treasurer (taverník) was the administrator of the royal treasury (i.e. the financial manager of the royal Court ("curia regis")) in the early Hungarian state. In the 12th and 13th century, besides the curia regis, he became also responsible for the remaining properties of the king. When the royal properties were considerably reduced under King Andrew II of Hungary (1205-1235; see Comitatus (Kingdom of Hungary) for details), the treasurer also became responsible for all royal income from royal régales (coinage, exchange of coins, precious metals management, mining monopoly, salt monopoly, customs duty), from the taxes of royal towns etc.
Under King Charles Robert (1308–1342) he became a kind of combined finance minister and minister of economy. In 1385, the actual treasurer function, i.e. administrator of the royal treasury, became the responsibility of a separate person, who was the treasurer (magister tavernicorum)'s deputy first, and later a separate royal officer.
The observance of rights and duties of royal towns was also the responsibility of the treasurer. Since the importance of these towns increased in the 14th and 15th century, the treasurer's importance increased as well. He became also the judge charged with appeals from major free royal towns (tavernical courts). Around 1400, the list of these towns was not stabilised yet, but from the first half of the 15th century, these towns stabilised (Buda, Košice, Bratislava, Trnava, Prešov, Sopron and Bardejov) and were called "tavernical towns". In the course of the 15th century, these tavernical courts became the only courts of the tavernical towns. By the late 15th century, the associate judges of these courts were representatives of the tavernical towns only (and no additional nobles as was the case earlier). The law applied in these courts was a special "tavernical law" ("ius tavernicale"), the first collection of which arose in 1412-18 ("Vetusta iura civitatum sive iura civilia"). It was used as special law system until the 18th century.
The treasurer was also a member of the Royal Chamber and later also of the Vice-regency council (see palatine).
Modern times.
After the creation of the Hungarian Chamber (the supreme financial and economic authority of the Kingdom of Hungary between 1528 and 1848), the influence of the treasurer further decreased, because this authority took over many of his tasks.
The function (including the tavernical courts) was abolished "de facto" in 1848; the treasurer's function, however, continued to exist formally till 1918 as the fourth highest royal dignitary, who was member of the Upper Chamber of the parliament of the Kingdom of Hungary and played a certain role in the coronation of the king.

</doc>
<doc id="36808725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808725" title="Siege of Pondicherry (1748)">
Siege of Pondicherry (1748)

The Siege of Pondicherry (August – October 1748) was conducted by British forces against a French East India Company garrison under the command of Governor-General Joseph François Dupleix at the Indian port of Pondicherry. The British siege strategy, conducted with inexperience in siege tactics by Admiral Edward Boscawen, was lifted with the arrival of monsoon rains in October 1748. The siege was the last major action of the First Carnatic War, as the Indian theatre of the War of the Austrian Succession is sometimes known.

</doc>
<doc id="36808736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808736" title="Micom Film and TV Productions">
Micom Film and TV Productions

MICOM Film and TV Productions was established in 1989 by Sreco Mihelcic in a Former Yugoslavian republic Slovenia. In the early 90' company joined two sons, Matjaz Mihelcic - Program director, Producer and Vasja Mihelcic - technical director and Executive Producer. MICOM was in 1990s the leading Slovenian creative house, producing TV shows for youth, popular entertainment TV shows and discovered many new TV concepts. Micom discovered many talents, different creative people and gave them possibility to express themselves. The most popular TV shows were: Lahkih nog naokrog (educational youth TV series), Cari zacimb (entertaining cooking TV series), Razpoke v casu (fantasy TV series). They also produced documentary movies. One of them got in 1996 internationally release - Fight for the river and it's distributed by International Historic Films.. In the beginning of 2000 company joined Marjana Mihelcic. It was a family based company with long tradition in show and entertainment business. Micom produced around 30.000 minutes of program for National TV Slovenia and other media. In 2002 company stopped producing because of the tragedy in the family. Both sons went separate way and build their own Film and TV production house.

</doc>
<doc id="36808743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808743" title="Order for the International Merit of Blood">
Order for the International Merit of Blood

"Order for the International Merit of Blood" is awarded by the International Federation of Blood Donor Organizations (IFBDO or FIODS) to personalities who made a special contribution to promote the regular, anonymous, voluntary, non-remunerated gift of blood in the world.
Proposals for award are sent to President who studies them and submits them to the Executive Council. According to IFBDO Rules of Procedure in force, except under exceptional circumstances, no more than four proposals per country can be submitted per meeting of the Executive Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="36808747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808747" title="Scottish Science Advisory Council">
Scottish Science Advisory Council

The Scottish Science Advisory Council is a government organisation that is Scotland's highest level advisory body for science, engineering and technology.
The group of experts provide independent advice to the Scottish Government. Members are appointed by the Cabinet Secretary for Education and Lifelong Learning.
History.
Scotland has a proud tradition of science research and innovation, but this tends to be exclusively found in its main universities. R&D in Scottish industry is lower than the rest of the UK (RUK). Scotland has 10% of the population of the UK but produces 30% of the PhDs in microbiology and genetics. The University of Dundee is noted for its work in biochemistry.
However in physical sciences, from 1999-2004, there was a 12% drop in Scottish graduates, and a 17% drop in engineering and technology graduates. In the post-war years, and up to the early 1990s, Scotland was producing more than its fair share of science and engineering graduates; it was seen a popular and challenging option, although mainly among males. Now, proportionately more children at Scottish schools are perceived to be indifferent to the challenges that science presents. Older science teachers at Scottish schools are not being replaced in the number needed. "Why Science Matters", the 2003 report, found that Scotland was short of around 350 chemistry teachers and 200 physics teachers. 
The organisation was announced in August 2001, and founded by the Royal Society of Edinburgh, with funding from the Scottish Executive.
Structure.
From 1 January 2007, it moved to the Office of the Chief Scientific Adviser. Previously it had been at the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Function.
It acts in an advisory role and does not direct any research funding, which comes from the UK Research Councils.
Priorities.
Improvements are needed in:

</doc>
<doc id="36808751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808751" title="Alexander Erskine of Gogar">
Alexander Erskine of Gogar

Alexander Erskine of Gogar, (d. 1592), Scottish laird and keeper of James VI of Scotland at Stirling Castle.
Career.
Alexander was a son of John Erskine, 5th Lord Erskine and Lady Margaret Campbell, a daughter of Archibald Campbell, 2nd Earl of Argyll. As the younger son, he was called the "Master of Mar." He was also laird of the lands of Gogar, a village near Edinburgh. After the death of his brother, John Erskine, 17th Earl of Mar, Alexander was given the task of safeguarding the young king of Scotland at Stirling in 1572.
With a role of such importance and the representative of the House of Mar while the Earl was still a minor, Alexander was offered a pension from England of £150 a year, for which he was recommended by Regent Morton in 1574 as "well friended, constant, of good credit and power." In 1575, Francis Walsingham heard that Morton secretly planned to take the King out of Alexander's keeping. This was not in Morton's power, as the appointment had been made by the Parliament of Scotland. Walsingham resolved to make Alexander an ally of England, in case Morton lost his position. The crisis of 1575 blew over.
After James Douglas, Earl of Morton resigned the Regency of Scotland, on 28 March 1578, Alexander was also appointed Keeper of Edinburgh Castle.
Coup at Stirling Castle.
Alexander Erskine of Gogar was ousted from his duty at Stirling by his kinsman and ally of the former Regent Morton, Adam Erskine Commendator of Cambuskenneth, in April 1578. The events were described by the English diplomat in Scotland, Robert Bowes. Adam Erskine had persuaded Alexander's nephew, the young Earl of Mar that he should be the guardian of James VI. Adam Erskine and his brother David Erskine, Commendator of Dryburgh, and the Earl of Mar, who were all lodged in Stirling Castle came to the gate early on Sunday morning, 27 April 1578, pretending to go out to join a hunt. The two Commendators met Alexander, who held the castle keys, and began to argue with him over the guardianship of the King.
Alexander seized a halberd and called his servants. There was a brief struggle, and then Alexander and the Commendators went into the Great Hall to discuss the matter. Colin Campbell, 6th Earl of Argyll was also present in the castle with his followers, and was prepared to fight, but eventually they decided to yield to the young Earl of Mar. During the struggle at the Castle, Gogar's eldest son was fatally injured and servant called Buchanan was hurt. The young king was said to have torn his hair in distress during the incident, fearing that Alexander was killed.
Alexander and Argyll then left Stirling, both parties and the King's tutor George Buchanan having written letters to the Privy Council in Edinburgh to declare that all were reconciled and that nothing had changed that would affect the government of Scotland. 
Despite these letters, the effect of the change of hands at the Castle was to help the former Regent Morton regain some of his power, because previously he had lost access to the King's authority. Elizabeth I of England, who was a supporter of Morton's rule, sent a letter of support to the Earl of Mar. Morton would later deny any involvement in the events at Stirling Castle.
Analysis by David Hume of Godscroft.
A 17th century historian of the Douglas family David Hume of Godscroft noted the lack of evidence for Morton's involvement, and suggested that Erskine of Gogar was "a man of a good easie nature, and no ill disposition, ... nothing factious or malicious" but had been an instrument of others, firstly in giving access to the King to Morton's opponents at Stirling, and then "almost after the same manner" being turned out of the Castle himself. Hume of Godscroft suggested, with no evidence but hearsay, that the Comptroller of the Exchequer William Murray of Tullibardine, the Earl of Mar's uncle, might have been behind the removal of Gogar from Stirling Castle and employed by Morton.
Family.
Alexander married Margaret Home in 1564, a daughter of George Home, 4th Lord Home and Mariotta Haliburton, their heir was Thomas Erskine, 1st Earl of Kellie.

</doc>
<doc id="36808756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808756" title="Paulo Albarracín">
Paulo Albarracín

Paulo César Albarracín García (born 30 November 1989) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Torneo Descentralizado club Alianza Lima.
Club career.
Paulo Albarracin developed as a footballer in the popular Academia Cantolao. In January 2008 he joined Hungarian club Budapest Honvéd FC. There he made his professional debut in a league match against Újpest FC in September.
Then in January 2010 Albarracín joined his second "Chalaco" club Sport Boys. There he made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado on 28 March 2010 in matchday 7 in a derby match at home against Sporting Cristal. Manager Roberto "Titín" Drago included him in the starting eleven but later replaced him in the 87th minute for Junior Núñez as the match eventually finished in a 1–2 win for Cristal. In his ninth league game, he scored his first goal in the Descentralizado for matchday 16 by shooting into the upper right corner of Daniel Ferreyra's goal, but it was not enough as his side fell 2–1 away to José Gálvez FBC.

</doc>
<doc id="36808767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808767" title="Sir Henry Ingoldsby, 1st Baronet">
Sir Henry Ingoldsby, 1st Baronet

Sir Henry Ingoldsby, 1st Baronet (1622 – 1701) was an English military commander and landowner.
He was born in Lethenborough, Buckinghamshire, the 5th son of Sir Richard Ingoldsby and his wife Elizabeth Cromwell. She was the daughter of Sir Oliver Cromwell (died 1655), who was the uncle and godfather of Oliver Cromwell. He had four sisters and seven brothers, including Francis Ingoldsby and the regicide Richard Ingoldsby.
He became an officer in the army under King Charles I of England but changed his loyalty to become a colonel in the Parliamentarian army under Oliver Cromwell. He volunteered to join Cromwell in his 1649 Irish campaign and fought under him at Drogheda and under Henry Ireton at Limerick. He was subsequently appointed Governor of Limerick and was rewarded by large grants of land in County Clare and County Meath. He was MP for counties Clare, Limerick and Kerry in the Protectorate Parliaments of 1654, 1656 and 1659.
Foreseeing the imminent Restoration of Charles II he dashed to England as soon as he heard of Richard Cromwell's downfall and seized Windsor Castle, holding it for the now pro-monarchist Parliament against the republican forces. After the restoration of the monarchy he was rewarded by being allowed to keep his Irish lands and have his Cromwellian baronetcy confirmed as Baronet of Beggstown, County Meath. He was appointed to the Privy Council of Ireland, and continued to represent Clare in the Irish House of Commons in 1661–1666 and 1695–1699. He formed a regiment in 1689 to fight in Ireland for William III under General Schomberg.
He died in Ireland in March 1701. He had married Ann, daughter of Sir Hardress Waller. He was succeeded as baronet by his son George, who married Mary, the daughter of Sir Peter Stanley, 2nd Bt.

</doc>
<doc id="36808797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808797" title="Thomas Furlong (artist)">
Thomas Furlong (artist)

Thomas (Tomas) Furlong (1886–1952) was a Scotch Irish American artist and teacher.
Biography.
Furlong was a member of the executive Board of Control of the Art Students League and beginning in 1927 an art instructor at New York University. He was married to Wilhelmina Weber Furlong. In the American modern art movement, his significant circle of friends and acquaintances included John Graham,
Wilem de Kooning, David Smith,
Dorothy Dehner,
Jean Charolot, Alexander Calder, Rockwell and Sally Kent, Thomas Hart Benton, Allen Tucker, Max Weber (artist), Kimon Nicolaidies, and many others. Thomas Furlong lived and worked in New York, City and shared a gallery with his wife Wilhelmina Weber Furlong. He was a realist and an accomplished muralist.

</doc>
<doc id="36808825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808825" title="Mattie Kenny">
Mattie Kenny

Thomas Martin "Mattie" Kenny (born 1964) is an Irish former hurler, manager and current hurling selector who played as a left corner-forward for the Galway senior team.
Kenny joined the team in 1988 and made a number of cameo appearances on the starting fifteen until his departure from the team in 1992.
At club level Kenny played with Tynagh-Abbey-Duniry.
Kenny is currently a selector with the Galway senior hurling management team.

</doc>
<doc id="36808830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808830" title="2012–13 Denver Pioneers men's basketball team">
2012–13 Denver Pioneers men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Denver Pioneers men's basketball team represented the University of Denver during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Pioneers, led by sixth year head coach Joe Scott, played their home games at Magness Arena and were first year members of the Western Athletic Conference. This was their only year as a member of the WAC as they joined The Summit League in July 2013.
They finished the season 22–10, 16–2 in WAC play to claim a share of the regular season conference championship with Louisiana Tech. They lost in the quarterfinals of the 2013 WAC Tournament to Texas State. They were invited to the 2013 NIT where they defeated Ohio in the first round before losing in the second round to Maryland. 
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 WAC Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NIT

</doc>
<doc id="36808832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808832" title="William Henry Walter Ballantine">
William Henry Walter Ballantine

William Henry Walter Ballantine (1847 – 1911) was a British Liberal Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1887 to 1895.
Samuelson unsuccessfully contested the 1885 general election in the Tewkesbury division of Gloucestershire.
He entered Parliament the following year, when he
Ballantine was elected at a by-election in July 1887 as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the city of Coventry, following the elevation to the peerage of the Conservative MP Henry Eaton.
He was re-elected at the did not stand again at the next general election, in 1892, but was defeated at the 1895 general election and did not stand for Parliament again.

</doc>
<doc id="36808840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808840" title="2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Piet Norval and Kevin Ullyett were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Paul Haarhuis and Sandon Stolle won in the final 6–1, 6–7(2–7), 7–6(9–7), against Ivan Ljubičić and Jack Waite.

</doc>
<doc id="36808843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808843" title="Vishal Dhar">
Vishal Dhar

Vishal Dhar is President Marketing of iYogi a company he co-founded in 2007. Besides iYogi, Vishal Dhar is also the co-founder of Friday Corporation and IQR.
Vishal was listed among Asia’s 25 Hottest People in Business in 2012 by Fortune Magazine.
Vishal’s earlier professional background is in public relations with Mudra Communications and later as Managing Director of Text 100 India, a specialist PR consultancy firm for technology companies. He later co-founded Friday Corporation a content aggregation and syndication platform for corporate intranets and other clients including dotcom businesses that were booming at that time. In 2003, Vishal co-founded IQR, a business process outsourcing company focused on business media industry. The real game change for Vishal came in 2007 with the launch of iYogi, an India-based company providing on-demand remote tech support to small businesses and individual customers in the West.
Born in Srinagar, Kashmir Vishal spent early years of his life in the valley. Vishal is now based in New York where he lives with his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="36808844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808844" title="Canadian Hearing Society">
Canadian Hearing Society

The Canadian Hearing Society (CHS) was founded in 1940 to provide services for blind people in Ontario. Services include instruction in American and Quebec sign languages, interpreter services, deafblind intervenors, audiology and speech-language pathology. The CHS advocates for the hearing impaired in Canada through the support of 9-1-1 texting, visual fire alarms, and access to the justice system. The CHS handles emergency situations in hospitals, emergency rooms, after-hours clinics, shelters, and police services. 
Services.
Ontario interpreting services.
Ontario Interpreting Services (OIS) provides interpreting services across Ontario for American and Quebec sign language in select regions. They cover a range of public and personal events.
Workplace accessibility.
The workplace accessibility program assesses the workplace to ensure that there are no barriers for the deaf and hard of hearing. It provides seminars to "increase awareness of hearing loss in the workplace". Business staff and management are educated to raise awareness of hearing loss and provide strategies for communication, which includes holding accessible meetings.
Communication devices program.
The Communication Devices Program (CDP) was made on behalf of members who were "culturally deaf, orally deaf, deafened or hard of hearing". The main aim is to offer technical solutions to communication barriers. The CDP recommends devices (such as specialized alarm clocks, telephones, TTYs, and smoke alarms) for the home, workplace or business.
Video conferencing services.
The CHS provides Video Conferencing Services (VCS) in 25 offices across Ontario. VCS allows for conferencing with up to 12 locations and can be used for many different purposes such as interviews, meetings or training sessions.
Audiology.
The CHS Audiology service is available in Hamilton, Mississauga, Toronto, Kenora, Sarnia, Windsor, Ottawa, Sudbury and Toronto East. The Audiology program takes a holistic approach to hearing health care by looking at hearing loss and the ways in which it affects life. Audiologists provide hearing tests, hearing aid evaluations, hearing aid check-ups and fine tuning, and hearing aid fitting and dispensing for children and adults.
Hearing care counseling program.
The Hearing Care Counseling Program is available in 26 locations across Ontario. This program is designed to assist seniors with hearing loss to adapt and stay connected. Priority is given to adults aged 55 and older, although younger adults are eligible for the program. Counselors provide "home visits, education, demonstrations and recommendations of communication devices".
CONNECT counseling program.
The CONNECT Counseling Program is available in 26 locations across Ontario. CONNECT is a mental health counseling service provided by the CHS. CONNECT is a program designed to help individuals or families with deaf, deafened or hard of hearing members by providing them with counseling for a variety of reasons, including "mental health and illness, depression, relationship difficulties, abuse, family support, education, advocacy and counseling".
American sign language classes.
In North America, American sign language is the primary language used by the deaf community. The CHS provides individuals with the opportunity to learn American Sign Language from qualified deaf instructors. Classes are offered throughout the year at a variety of skill levels, from beginner to advanced.
Locations.
There are 28 CHS locations across Ontario:

</doc>
<doc id="36808856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808856" title="Costimator">
Costimator

Costimator is an American-based series of Cost Estimating software developed by Thomas Charkiewicz in 1982 and is designed to model manufacturing costs. The software is designed, developed and marketed by MTI of West Springfield, MA.
History.
Costimator was designed by Thomas Charkiewicz, a former machinist and manufacturing manager who studied computer-aided manufacturing at the University of Massachusetts. Costimator was released in late 1982, designed to model manufacturing costs.
In 2002, IBM bought Costimator OEM from MTI Systems, Inc. Many of the products on the market focused on machine shop operations. Costimator had its roots in the machining industry, but later branched out to include several other manufacturing processes. 
John Kagan, the former manager of PC Cost Management at IBM and Lenovo estimated that between 2003 and 2004, IBM saved more than $10 million using Costimator.
Costimator also includes a function known as IQ builder which customers can use to model their own manufacturing process based on historical data. The data was derived from the company’s customers in addition to various independent industry sources. Labor costs come from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
In 2009, MTI Systems, Inc. reached an agreement with European distributor Premier Manufacturing Solutions, LTD (Stockport, UK) to market its flagship products Costimator OEM and Costimator JS to companies throughout Europe. In February 2011, Cimtronics and MTI Systems, Inc. also agreed to terms on a distribution partnership.

</doc>
<doc id="36808857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808857" title="Cinctura">
Cinctura

Cinctura is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies. Species in this genus were previously grouped in the genus "Fasciolaria".
Species.
Species within the genus "Cinctura" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36808862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808862" title="New York City mayoral election, 1993">
New York City mayoral election, 1993

The New York City mayoral election of 1993 occurred on Tuesday, November 2, 1993, with Republican nominee U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Rudolph Giuliani narrowly defeating incumbent Democratic mayor David Dinkins. They also faced several third-party candidates.
The election was a re-match between the same two candidates from 1989, when Dinkins had narrowly defeated Giuliani to win the mayoralty.
History.
Dinkins had narrowly defeated Giuliani in the previous election. As in his unsuccessful 1989 campaign, Giuliani also ran on the Liberal Party ballot, while the Conservative Party line was held by activist George Marlin. The city was suffering from a spike in unemployment associated with a nationwide recession, and with a rise in local unemployment rates from 6.7% in 1989 to 11.1% in 1992. Giuliani promised to focus the police department on shutting down petty crimes and nuisances as a way of restoring the quality of life: Under Dinkins' Safe Streets, Safe Cities program, crime in New York City decreased more dramatically and more rapidly, both in terms of actual numbers and percentage, than at any time in modern New York City history. The rates of most crimes, including all categories of violent crime, made consecutive declines during the last 36 months of Dinkins' four-year term, ending a 30-year upward spiral and initiating a trend of falling rates that continued beyond his term. Despite the actual abating of crime, Dinkins was hurt by the perception that crime was out of control during his administration. 
Dinkins and Giuliani never debated during the campaign, unable to agree on how to approach a debate. 
Dinkins was endorsed by "The New York Times" and "Newsday", while Giuliani was endorsed by the "New York Post" and, in a key switch from 1989, the "New York Daily News". Dinkins earned 48.3 percent of the vote, down from 51 percent in 1989. Although he was a moderate with a substantial history of building coalitions and supporting Jewish causes, one factor in Dinkins' loss was his perceived indifference to the plight of the Jewish community during the Crown Heights riot. Another was a strong turnout for Giuliani in Staten Island; a referendum on Staten Island's secession from New York City was placed on the ballot that year by Governor Mario Cuomo and the New York State Legislature. Dinkins defeated Giuliani handily in Manhattan, Brooklyn, and the Bronx, but Giuliani's margin in the other two boroughs was large enough to win the election. Giuliani won by a margin of 53,367 votes. He became the first Republican elected Mayor of New York City since John Lindsay in 1965.
Candidates.
Rudy Giuliani- Republican Party (WON)<br>
David Dinkins (incumbent)- Democratic Party<br> 
George J. Marlin- Conservative Party

</doc>
<doc id="36808880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808880" title="Igwe Iwuchukwu Ezeifekaibeya">
Igwe Iwuchukwu Ezeifekaibeya

Igwe Iwuchukwu Ezeifekaibeya was the 14th Obi of Otolo and is obi of Nnewi kingdom in the present day Anambra state of Nigeria.
He sat on the throne of his ancestors until his death in 1904, the same year that the British colonists arrived at Nnewi.
The kingdom was mourning the passing of the King and one of the most influential Chiefs and brother of the late king, Nwosu Odumegwu (Eze Odumegwu), was asked to be the Warrant chief of Nnewi by the British Colonial Administration led by Major Moorehouse; he refused.
His reign saw the expansion of Nnewi kingdom through wars and slave trade with the Aros. His young son Igwe Orizu I became the 15th Igwe of Nnewi in 1904. Nigerian politician and educationist Nwafor Orizu is his grandson and the current Igwe of Nnewi, Kenneth Onyeneke Orizu III is his great-grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="36808885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808885" title="Yaroslav Nikolaev">
Yaroslav Nikolaev

Yaroslav Sergeevich Nikolaev (; April 30, 1899, Šiauliai, Russian Empire — July 1, 1978, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter, Honored Art worker of Russian Federation (1956), People's Artist of the Russian Federation (1975), a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, who lived and worked in Leningrad. In 1948-1951 Nikolaev was a head of the Leningrad Union of Soviet Artists, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his genre and historical painting.

</doc>
<doc id="36808888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808888" title="Bahar Ab">
Bahar Ab

Bahar Ab or Baharab () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36808911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808911" title="Basketball Bundesliga awards">
Basketball Bundesliga awards

The Basketball Bundesliga awards are the individual awards of the top-tier men's professional club basketball league in Germany, the Basketball Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36808916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808916" title="Sar Kamar">
Sar Kamar

Sar Kamar or Sarkamar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36808926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808926" title="Ahiya, Mateh Binyamin">
Ahiya, Mateh Binyamin

Ahiya (also transliterated as Achiya or Achia) is an Israeli outpost in the West Bank, near the Palestinian village of Jalud. It falls under the purview of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Demographics.
As of 2004 permanent construction of homes in Ahiya was being carried out.
As of 2011 the population of Ahiya was about 50 people. 
Geography.
Ahiya is near the Israeli outpost of Shvut Rachel as well as the Palestinian village of Jalud.
Economy.
Ahiya has the only Jewish owned oil press in the region. Settlers from the region bring their olives to Ahiya to be pressed.
Controversy.
Farmers from Jalud have accused settlers from Ahiya of taking harvested olives from them by force.

</doc>
<doc id="36808934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808934" title="Eben 07">
Eben 07

Eben07 is a webcomic written by Eben Burgoon and pencilled, inked, and colored by D.Bethel. Eben07 features the fictional adventures of an espionage janitor named Eben07 and his partner Ninja Dan. Eben07 is story-driven, with twenty- to forty-page issues released one page per week on their website. The first comic was published online in September 7, 2007. Eben07 has been in print publication since late 2009. The website also sells Eben07 print books, t-shirts, and other merchandise.
History.
The character Eben 07 was initially a Bethel's drawing of Eben Burgoon in his high school garage band. Bethel and Burgoon combined Burgoon's love for spy fiction with D.Bethel's drawings and using Burgoon's AOL internet handle of Eben07 created a concept of a high school spy story. After the two left for different colleges, they reunited and ended up living together in San Luis Obispo. In 2007, they explored the idea of making an animated webseries using the old drawings and character of Eben 07, but twisted away from the high school spy story and looked at the aftermath of spy fiction. The idea of a humor story blended with the aftermath and destruction of action adventure and espionage fiction like James Bond and Metal Gear Solid. Shortly afterward, D.Bethel and Eben Burgoon dove into the idea of the Intelligence Cleaner Agency and their top covert custodians, Eben 07 & Ninja Dan and launched the webcomic in Sept. 7, 2007.
Pages were initially presented as 4 panel gag strips with a second double size Sunday page later in the week. Presently, the pages are formatted like a full page comic book to mirror printed publications. All pages have been digitally colored by D.Bethel, but starting in late 2008, comics began to be drawn and inked by hand by D.Bethel.
Characters.
Eben07.
Eben07 works as a field operative for the Intelligence Cleaner Agency, and cleans up the espionage mess left behind by notable super-spies in the espionage world. He is an ancestor of the founder of the I.C.A. and considered by most who he works with to be the best, but also is generally distracted and flippant about his line of work. He is a direct ancestor of the founder of the I.C.A., Abel, who is a mysteriously old figure that often interferes with Eben07's operations and work.
Ninja Dan.
A cliché ninja who has been partnered with Eben07. Ninja Dan primarily is known for his use of a broom with swordblade. His character is defined by his loyalty, attention to detail, stoicism, and samurai bushido. However, a deeper rage can break through his calm exterior from time to time.
Abel.
Introduced to the story as Eben07's ancestor and the founder of the Intelligence Cleaner Agency, Abel is mysteriously old having lived during the Revolutionary War when he discovered the Shot Heard 'Round the World. With that find, Abel started what is now known as the I.C.A. Abel is known for his villainous monologues, and for interfering with Eben07's work. He often wears scarves, long trench coats, and smokes a pipe.
Story arcs.
Eben07 comics tend to take place in the aftermath of a notable piece of Spy fiction. Each story has many absurd plot twists, and often makes references to outside works and notable pieces of nerd and internet pop culture.
Operation: Goofinger.
Eben07 and Ninja Dan are sent to Ft. Knox, Kentucky to combat the mess left behind from the James Bond movie "Goldfinger". The story follows the struggle over an Oddjob-like character between Eben07 and Ninja Dan against the Smithsonian Historical Intelligence Troupe.
Clean the Cleaners.
Eben07 and Ninja Dan are removing henchmen in the jungles of Russia while cleaning for a Solid Snake-like operative. After the operation is given an abort code, Ninja Dan breaks I.C.A. rules and chooses to try to save his assigned secret agent while Eben07 is left incapacitated and confronted by his grandpa. A brief interlude in the comic shows the founding story of the I.C.A. presented in a Ken Burns-style documentary.
For the Love of Russia.
The first official print offering of Eben07, this story follows Eben07 and Ninja Dan as they investigate an incident on the Orient Express following events alluded to in the James Bond story From Russia, with Love. Eben07 falls asleep reading The Master and Margarita and Ninja Dan works with a ghostly assassin, gypsies and eventually other members of the I.C.A. in an effort to revive him.
Operation: Mongoose.
The second printed book follows the Abel character as he is sent by U.S. President John F. Kennedy to assassinate Fidel Castro. However, Abel proves to be terrible at the job since his world revolves around cleaning, not creating, the mess. As the story progresses Abel is dragged into a deeper conspiracy. Abel's involvement in the assassination of John F. Kennedy and Abraham Lincoln are explored.
Operation: 3-Ring Bound.
D.Bethel and Eben Burgoon's longest effort together is spread across five separate issues. Operation: 3-Ring Bound puts Eben07 and Ninja Dan into the unwitting role of undercover high school students sent to find out why the nation's high school janitors are disappearing. Issue One introduces the main antagonist, HS English professor Milton Binder and Eben07's love interest and femme fatale, Anna Jacques. Issue Two reveals firmly that Anna Jaques is working for the Smithsonian Institute and she pits Eben07 and Ninja Dan against each other in a dodgeball game before Ninja Dan finds out his evil adopted ninja brother is working for Milton Binder. Issue Three brings Eben07 and Anna closer together as they infiltrate Milton Binder's subterranean lair. Meanwhile Ninja Dan and Ninja Justin fight each other in the halls of the high school. The climax of the issue reveals that Eben07 is a clone of Abel. Issue Four concludes Ninja Dan and Ninja Justin's sword fight while Eben07 comes to terms with his feelings about Anna and the revelation of being a clone before Abel shows up and beats up Eben07. Issue Five is currently in production and being released on Eben07.com.
In print.
As of August 2012, five print versions of the Eben07 adventures.
The remaining two issues of Operation: 3-Ring Bound are expected in September and November.
Reception.
Eben07 has generally received favorable reviews from Ain't It Cool News.

</doc>
<doc id="36808941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808941" title="Marin Mema">
Marin Mema

Marin Mema is an Albanian journalist. In addition to being a reporter of Top Channel he writes for "Gazeta Shqiptare".
Journalism.
Mema is mostly involved in investigative journalism; his reports range from government corruption to human rights abuses. In 2011-2012 he reported from 
Margëlliç and Filati about the properties of the Chams (Cham Albanians are one of the Albanian minorities of Greece) that have been appropriated by the Greek state. For his reports in 2012 he was banned from entering Greece and declared persona non grata. UJA (Union of Journalists of Albania) protested in front of the Greek embassy in Tirana against the entry ban.

</doc>
<doc id="36808961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808961" title="Doordarshan Kendra, Jalandhar">
Doordarshan Kendra, Jalandhar

Doordarshan Kendra, Jalandhar also referred as Jalandhar Doordarshan is an Indian television station in Jalandhar, owned and operated by state-owned Doordarshan, the television network of Prasar Bharati (Broadcasting Corporation of India). It was established in 1979, and now produces and broadcasts the 24-hour Punjabi language TV channel, DD Punjabi, which was launched in 1998 and covers most of the state of Punjab, India.
Early History.
Doordarshan Kendra Jalandhar was inaugurated on 13 April 1979, after it was shifted here from Amritsar, where it was first established on 23 September 1973. It's established here instead of Amritsar was made possible by the efforts of then Union I & B Minister, I. K. Gujral. The station is located at Gujral Nagar, the center has elaborate programme production facilities and large studios.
The transmission was initially limited to few hours in a day. Besides the regional language Punjabi, some programmes in Hindi and Urdu were also telecast. Even programmes in Haryanvi and Himachali languages were telecast from this Kendra as these states did not at that time have their own Kendras.
With the introduction of Regional Language Satellite Services, all regional centers of Doordarshan started generating programmes in their respective regional languages. And thus, DD Punjabi came into existence along with many other channels of Doordarshan. A satellite earth station built at the cost of , was inaugurated at the station on 7 August 1998, to allow Punjabi language programs broadcast from the station, available to neighboring countries like Pakistan, Afghanistan, Oman, Qatar and Nepal.
DD Punjabi.
Presently, Doordarshan Kendra, Jalandhar telecasts its programmes under the brand name DD Punjabi. DD Punjabi Channel was launched in 1998, and it became a 24-hour service within two years.
In its terrestrial mode DD Punjabi has near 100 per cent reach in the State of Punjab. Besides that, numerous Punjabi viewers residing in different parts of India watch the cultural programmes broadcast on DD Punjabi with interest.
Programmes.
Doordarshan Kendra Jalandhar produces a wide spectrum of programmes including serials, documentaries, musical programmes, reality shows, news and current affairs programmes and utility programmes related to health, agriculture and civic issues, etc.
Doordarshan Kendra Jalandhar has, over the years, produced a number of programmes which not only have been popular among viewers, but have left long lasting impressions.
TV Shows.
The TV shows like Sandali Paidan, Kach Dian Mundaran, Mela Melian Da and Lashkara,the Quiz programmes: Bees Sawal, Parakh etc., have entertained and educated the viewers over the years, they have also created awareness about richness of Punjabi culture and traditions.
New Year Eve Special Programmes.
Special TV Shows produced by Jalandhar Doordarshan have been extremely popular among viewers due to high quality production and star value.
Artists.
Jalandhar Doordarshan has contributed a lot to make many performing artists stars and these talented artists have on their part played a great role in the success of the channel. Gurdas Mann, Golden Star Malkit Singh, Hans Raj Hans, Sarabjit, Noori, Jaspal Bhatti, Savita Bhatti, Vivek Shauq, Satinder Satti, Pramod Moutho, Balwinder Bikki, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Jatinder Kaur, Neeta Mahindra, Harbhajan Jabbal, Harbhajan Mann,Gursewak Mann,Shivendra Joshi, Anil Chugh, Prakash Syal, Surinder Seth, Raman Kumar, Neena Rampal, Arvinder kaur, Barinder Kaur, Atamjeet Singh. In fact the list of artists having close and lifelong bonds with Doordarshan is endless.
Awards and Nominations.
Programmes produced by Jalandhar Kendra have won a number of awards over the years. Jalandhar Kendra won the best Doordarshan Kendra of the year Trophy at the Second Doordarshan Awards held in 2002.[http://www.exchange4media.com/news/story.aspx?Section_id=6&News_id=6527]

</doc>
<doc id="36808972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808972" title="List of Koreans in Japan">
List of Koreans in Japan

This is a list of notable Zainichi Koreans or notable Japanese people of Korean descent.

</doc>
<doc id="36808978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808978" title="Kirkandrews railway station">
Kirkandrews railway station

Kirkandrews railway station was a railway station near Kirkandrews-on-Eden, Cumbria on the Port Carlisle Railway branch and later the Silloth branch. The station served the village and the rural district. Kirkandrews closed on 7 September 1964; the station building survives as a private dwelling. The line to Silloth closed on 7 September 1964 as part of the Beeching cuts.
History.
In 1819 a port was constructed at Port Carlisle and in 1821, the Carlisle Navigation Canal. was built to take goods to Carlisle. The canal was closed in 1853 and much of it was infilled by the Port Carlisle Railway Company who constructed a railway that started passenger services in 1854, discontinuing them two years later when the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Company's (C&SBRDC) new railway to Silloth opened, utilising the Port Carlisle Branch as far as Drumburgh. 
The North British Railway leased the line from 1862, it was absorbed by them in 1880, and then taken over by the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923.
Infrastructure.
The station sat close to the village in the cut of the old canal; it had a single platform, and a shelter. The branch ran close to the course of Hadrian's Wall. A substantial station building was present. A large seed warehouse was located at the station. In common with other stations on the line, it had its name picked out in sea shells on a raised area opposite the station building.

</doc>
<doc id="36808982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808982" title="Neocollyris schereri">
Neocollyris schereri

Neocollyris schereri is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36808984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808984" title="Wlodek Rabinowicz">
Wlodek Rabinowicz

Wlodek Rabinowicz (Włodzimierz Rabinowicz, born on January 14, 1947 in Warsaw) is a philosopher elaborating ethics, normativity, decision theory and utilitarianism. At present he is working as professor of practical philosophy at Lund University. During the period of 1995–98 he was editor-in-chief of "Theoria". 

</doc>
<doc id="36808985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808985" title="Neocollyris schillhammeri">
Neocollyris schillhammeri

Neocollyris schillhammeri is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 2008.
References.
http://www.biolib.cz/en/taxon/id913253/

</doc>
<doc id="36808988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808988" title="Domantas Sabonis">
Domantas Sabonis

Domantas Sabonis (born May 3, 1996) is a Lithuanian basketball player who has played for the Unicaja Málaga junior and senior teams. He is the son of Arvydas Sabonis, a legendary Lithuanian basketball player who has been inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Domantas wears the number 11 just like his father.
Professional career.
Despite being only a 16-year-old, on September 5, 2012 he debuted in the main Unicaja Málaga team during the game against Cibona Zagreb. However he was loaned to Clínicas Rincón for the 12/13 season. He was recalled in 2013. Domantas hasn't signed a professional contract with salary because he wishes to play in NCAA in 2014. On October 13, 2013, he debuted in ACB league as a Unicaja member. Domantas started the game in starting line-up and scored 6 points, grabbed 3 rebounds per 15 minutes of game action. He is the youngest Unicaja player to debut in ACB (17 years, 5 months and 10 days). On October 18, 2013, he debuted in the Euroleague during the game against the consecutive 2-time champions Olympiacos Piraeus by scoring 2 points with a dunk and grabbing 2 rebounds per 11 minutes. In 2014 D.Sabonis was named as one of the best young European players of the year. His best ACB game as a Unicaja Málaga member was during his eighteenth birthday on May 3, 2014, when he scored 13 points per 17 minutes with 100% shooting. On May 10, 2014 Sabonis won Spain Youth Basketball League silver medal with Unicaja junior team. During final game he scored 14 points (including one three pointer) and grabbed 8 rebounds.
International career.
Sabonis made his international debut with the Lithuania national team at the 2012 FIBA U-16 European Championship, averaging 14.1 points, 14.4 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game. He grabbed a tournament-high 27 rebounds against Poland on July 27. In 2013, being 17-year-old, Domantas played for Lithuania U-18 team in 2013 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship. He averaged 14 points, 11.4 rebounds and 1.4 assists per game and was tournament leader in rebounds per game. His best game was against Serbia when he scored 22 points, grabbed 22 rebounds and dished out 3 assists. Lithuania won the game 74-70 in OT. In 2014 coach Jonas Kazlauskas included Sabonis into preliminary 24 players list for main Lithuania national basketball team.
College career.
Sabonis committed to NCAA Division I squad Gonzaga University prior to the 2014–15 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36808990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808990" title="Bolila Airport">
Bolila Airport

Bolila Airport is an airport serving Bolila, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36808991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808991" title="Neocollyris sedlaceki">
Neocollyris sedlaceki

Neocollyris sedlaceki is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36808993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36808993" title="Neocollyris semiaenescens">
Neocollyris semiaenescens

Neocollyris semiaenescens is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="36809000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809000" title="Neocollyris siamensis">
Neocollyris siamensis

Neocollyris siamensis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36809003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809003" title="Neocollyris sichuanensis">
Neocollyris sichuanensis

Neocollyris sichuanensis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36809007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809007" title="Neocollyris signata">
Neocollyris signata

Neocollyris signata is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="36809046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809046" title="Neocollyris similior">
Neocollyris similior

Neocollyris similior is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1893. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809048" title="Neocollyris similis">
Neocollyris similis

Neocollyris similis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Lesne in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="36809055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809055" title="Neocollyris singularis">
Neocollyris singularis

Neocollyris singularis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36809058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809058" title="Neocollyris siniaevi">
Neocollyris siniaevi

Neocollyris siniaevi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36809061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809061" title="Neocollyris sinica">
Neocollyris sinica

Neocollyris sinica is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36809063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809063" title="Erjon Vucaj">
Erjon Vucaj

Erjon Vuçaj (born 25 December 1990 in Shkodër, Albania) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga. Grown up as a player at Vllaznia Shkodër, he has spent three years at KF Laçi, proving to be a pivotal player for this team's midfield and notably bringing the team to the qualifiers of the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League. In July 2012 he was loaned to Skënderbeu for their UEFA Champions League qualification campaign, and in August 2012 he received a call from coach Gianni de Biasi to be part of Albania in their friendly against Moldova. He received second place, after winner Bekim Bala, of an individual prestigious prize given from the sports association "Sporti na bashkon" to the best football talents of the Superliga's 2011–12 season. At the beginning of the 2012–13 season KF Laçi's coach promoted Vuçaj to team captain, which made him the youngest captain of the Superliga.
Career.
Vllaznia Shkodër.
Vuçaj began his career at his local club Vllaznia Shkodër as a youth, where he was eventually promoted to the senior team by the coach Mirel Josa during the 2007-08 season. Josa handed Vuçaj his professional debut on 14 May 2008, during the penultimate game of the season against Dinamo Tirana. Vuçaj came on at half time in a match which ended in a 3-0 defeat for Vuçaj's side. That game proved to be his first and only league appearance for Vllaznia. Mirel Josa left the club right before the 2008-09 season, with Agim Canaj taking over as manager. The change of coach made it difficult for Vuçaj to break into the first team. His only appearances during the entire 2008-09 season came in both legs of the Albanian Cup first round against KS Sopoti Librazhd, which Vllaznia won 8-1 on aggregate. At the end of the season Vuçaj refused to sign a new three-year contract at the club when his current deal ended in one year on 30 August 2010. He was not included in the club's mini pre-season training plans and was eventually given permission from the directors to leave the club.
KF Laçi.
Vuçaj spent the following three seasons (2009-10, 2010-11, and 2011–12) at KF Laçi during which he logged 69 presences and scored 5 goals. In the first season with KF Laçi he contributed to an unexpected historical qualification of KF Laçi to the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League, being fourth. In the 2010-11 season, KF Laçi was again fourth in the Superliga, but failed to qualify for the Europa League, whereas in the 2011–12 season KF Laçi came 8th within the 14 teams of Superliga. During this season Vuçaj left his mark especially in a game against his former home team, Vllaznia, when he was declared the best player of the match. In that game Vuçaj scored the decisive goal and was confirmed as the decisive leader of his team. 
At the end of the 2011-12 season, Vuçaj received the second prize dedicated to the best football talents of Albania for 2011-12 from the sports association "Sporti na bashkon", the first prize being awarded to Bekim Bala.
In July 2012 Vuçaj joined the Superliga champions Skënderbeu as a loan for their UEFA Champions League qualification campaign. He went on trial at their summer training camp in Austria, and coach Stanislav Levý was impressed after seeing him in two consecutive friendlies against FC Torpedo Kutaisi and FC Vaslui. This led to an agreement struck between KF Laçi and Skënderbeu to allow Vuçaj to be sent out loan for the European qualification campaign.
In the beginning of the 2012–13 season, it was reported that Vuçaj became the captain of KF Laçi, which is going to make him the youngest player in the Superliga with the honor of captaining a team.
International career.
Vuçaj received his first senior international call-up from Albania's coach, Gianni De Biasi for a friendly of against Moldova on 15 August 2012. In an interview to the Panorama magazine, Vuçaj said that he was extremely happy about De Biasi's call. He was an unused substitute in the goalless draw.

</doc>
<doc id="36809064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809064" title="Neocollyris smaragdina">
Neocollyris smaragdina

Neocollyris smaragdina is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="36809066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809066" title="Neocollyris smithi">
Neocollyris smithi

Neocollyris smithi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="36809069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809069" title="Neocollyris speciosa">
Neocollyris speciosa

Neocollyris speciosa is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Schaum in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36809072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809072" title="Neocollyris stiengensis">
Neocollyris stiengensis

Neocollyris stiengensis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="36809073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809073" title="Sepah, Iran">
Sepah, Iran

Sepah (, also Romanized as Sepāh) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809074" title="Neocollyris strangulata">
Neocollyris strangulata

Neocollyris strangulata is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36809077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809077" title="Neocollyris stricta">
Neocollyris stricta

Neocollyris stricta is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36809080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809080" title="Neocollyris subclavata">
Neocollyris subclavata

Neocollyris subclavata is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="36809085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809085" title="Neocollyris subtilef1avescens">
Neocollyris subtilef1avescens

Neocollyris subtilef1avescens is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36809086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809086" title="Neocollyris subtilis">
Neocollyris subtilis

Neocollyris subtilis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36809087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809087" title="Neocollyris subtilobscurata">
Neocollyris subtilobscurata

Neocollyris subtilobscurata is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="36809088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809088" title="Bolongonkele Airport">
Bolongonkele Airport

Bolongonkele Airport is an airport serving Bolongonkele, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36809089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809089" title="Neocollyris sumatrensis">
Neocollyris sumatrensis

Neocollyris sumatrensis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36809092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809092" title="Neocollyris taiwanensis">
Neocollyris taiwanensis

Neocollyris taiwanensis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36809097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809097" title="Neocollyris tenuis">
Neocollyris tenuis

Neocollyris tenuis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36809098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809098" title="Kevin Harvey (venture capitalist)">
Kevin Harvey (venture capitalist)

Kevin Harvey is a founding member of and general partner at Benchmark, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm. He was ranked No. 27 on the 2011 Forbes Midas List and was No. 59 in 2012.
Education and early career.
Harvey graduated in 1987 with a B.S.E.E. degree in engineering from Rice University. While in college, he founded software company StyleWare, which Apple later purchased and continued to develop as ClarisWorks. 
Harvey founded and was president of Approach Software, where he led the development of the world’s first end-user client/server database for Microsoft Windows. Lotus Development acquired Approach Software in 1993.
Benchmark.
At Benchmark, Harvey has invested in a number of companies that have gone to complete successful IPOs, including Red Hat and Proofpoint. He also led the firm’s investments in such companies as BOKU, Broadbase Software, Bytemobile (now part of Citrix Systems), CollabNet, CloudPassage, Eucalyptus Systems, Highlight, Ingenio (acquired by AT&T), Kana (KANA), Metaweb (acquired by Google), MySQL (acquired by Sun Microsystems), oDesk, oFoto (acquired by Kodak), RemarQ Communities (acquired by Critical Path, Inc.), Rightscale, Tellme Networks (acquired by Microsoft), Terracotta, When.com (acquired by America Online), Zimbra (acquired by Yahoo!), and Minerva University. 
Harvey serves on the boards of oDesk, Ingenio, Metaweb Technologies, BOKU, and Pipewise.

</doc>
<doc id="36809099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809099" title="Neocollyris thomsoni">
Neocollyris thomsoni

Neocollyris thomsoni is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="36809107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809107" title="Neocollyris tricolor">
Neocollyris tricolor

Neocollyris tricolor is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36809109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809109" title="Neocollyris tuberculata">
Neocollyris tuberculata

Neocollyris tuberculata is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Macleay in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="36809112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809112" title="Neocollyris vannideki">
Neocollyris vannideki

Neocollyris vannideki is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36809114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809114" title="Neocollyris variicornis">
Neocollyris variicornis

Neocollyris variicornis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="36809115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809115" title="Dallas Sidekicks">
Dallas Sidekicks

Dallas Sidekicks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36809117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809117" title="Neocollyris variipalpis">
Neocollyris variipalpis

Neocollyris variipalpis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Horn in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36809120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809120" title="Lighthouse International">
Lighthouse International

Lighthouse International is an American charitable organization, based in New York City, devoted to vision rehabilitation and advocacy for the blind. Its mission statement is "To overcome vision impairment for people of all ages through worldwide leadership in rehabilitation services, education, research, prevention and advocacy."
History.
During a trip to Florence, Italy, at the turn of the 20th century, sisters Winifred and Edith Holt learned of a free service that provided concert tickets to blind schoolchildren. Inspired by the notion, the sisters established the similar Lighthouse Free Ticket Bureau in New York City in 1903. The organization incorporated in 1906 as The New York Association for the Blind, Inc., which offered home counseling and instruction program for the visually impaired. Winifred Holt also participated in founding the New York State Commission for the Blind and Visually Handicapped. In 1912, the association established a workshop on East 42nd Street where visually impaired men could manufacture marketable products, and the sisters opened their home to visually impaired women to create handcrafted items for sale, leading to the organization's motto, "Light Through Work."
That same year, the association created the River Lighthouse, in Cornwall-on-Hudson, New York, as the first of its eventually several summer camps for visually impaired children. Camp Munger, in Bear Mountain, New York, followed in 1923. A kindergarten was formed in 1925, and the Lighthouse Nursery School in 1933. An affiliation with the Ophthalmological Foundation in 1952 led to that foundation becoming the organization's research arm. The following year, the Lighthouse Low Vision Service was founded to administer to people with partial sight. 
The charity became international with the onset of World War I, when Winifred Holt in 1915 established Le Phare de Bordeaux, in France. Other overseas offices opened in Paris; Rome; Warsaw; Canton, China; Japan, the Middle East, India, South America, and elsewhere. 
In 1989, The New York Association for the Blind, Inc., became The Lighthouse Inc., and in 1998, the organization was renamed Lighthouse International.
In September 2013 a merger was announced with The Jewish Guild for the Blind. As of January 2014 the new organization is known as Lighthouse Guild International.
Branches and services.
Lighthouse International operates the Arlene R. Gordon Research Institute in New York, and New York Lighthouse vision rehabilitation Services.
The volunteer organization Tennis Serves introduced blind tennis in 2011 at Lighthouse International and at the California School for the Blind in Fremont, California.
Headquarters.
The Lighthouse headquarters is the handicapped-accessible Sol and Lillian Goldman Building at 111 East 59th Street in New York City. This portion of East 59th Street was named Lighthouse Way in 1994. The Jewish Guild headquarters is at 15 West 65th Street.
Percentage devoted to programs.
"The New York Times" in 2002 reported that Lighthouse at the time used 80 percent of its $28 million annual budget on its programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36809122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809122" title="Neocollyris variitarsis">
Neocollyris variitarsis

Neocollyris variitarsis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="36809123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809123" title="Neocollyris venusta">
Neocollyris venusta

Neocollyris venusta is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36809127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809127" title="Neocollyris vitalisi">
Neocollyris vitalisi

Neocollyris vitalisi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by W. Horn in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="36809128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809128" title="Neocollyris wardi">
Neocollyris wardi

Neocollyris wardi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36809129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809129" title="Neocollyris waterhousei">
Neocollyris waterhousei

Neocollyris waterhousei is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="36809131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809131" title="Neocollyris werneri">
Neocollyris werneri

Neocollyris werneri is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1991.You can watch its family Carabidae here.

</doc>
<doc id="36809133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809133" title="Neocollyris xanthoscelis">
Neocollyris xanthoscelis

Neocollyris xanthoscelis is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="36809140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809140" title="Neocollyris zerchei">
Neocollyris zerchei

Neocollyris zerchei is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Naviaux in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36809141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809141" title="Bufo eichwaldi">
Bufo eichwaldi

Bufo eichwaldi, commonly known as Eichwald's toad or the Talysh toad, is a species of true toad in the family Bufonidae. It was first described by Litvinchuk, Borkin, Skorinov and Rosanov in 2008 and is found in the Talysh Mountains in Azerbaijan and parts of Iran. It was previously considered to be a subspecies of the Caucasian toad ("Bufo verrucosissimus").
Description.
"Bufo eichwaldi" is a large toad much resembling "Bufo verrucosissimus" in appearance. It is a uniform dull brownish grey colour and has large round tubercles on its back and smaller ones on its belly. It differs from "B. verrucosissimus" in that the body has different proportions, the head has an abrupt, unrounded snout and the parotoid gland has black markings where it touches the tympanum. The male has dark spots on its otherwise pale belly and is considerably smaller than the female.
Distribution and habitat.
"Bufo eichwaldi" is believed to occur in south east Azerbaijan and northern Iran in the Talysh and Elburz Mountains. It also occurs in Mazandaran and Gilan provinces in Iran near the Caspian Sea. It lives at heights ranging up to about above sea level. Its habitat is broad-leaved forests but it is also sometimes found in lowland swamps and gardens.
Biology.
Nowhere is "Bufo eichwaldi" abundant or easily seen as it hides during the day, emerging after nightfall to forage for small invertebrates. Breeding takes place in shallow waters at the edge of springs. In Azerbaijan, newly metamorphosed juveniles have been seen in June and July when they are about long.
Status.
The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species lists this species as vulnerable. It is believed to have declined by 30% over the last 24 years and has low densities in fragmented populations in a range of about of mountain territory. It is threatened by habitat loss as the forests in which it lives are being felled for timber.

</doc>
<doc id="36809143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809143" title="Sarab, Ilam">
Sarab, Ilam

Sarab (, also Romanized as Sarāb; also known as Dowlatābād, Sarāb-e Eyvān, and Sār Sarāb) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,522, in 349 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809180" title="Potito">
Potito

Potito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36809203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809203" title="Hisham Ghassib">
Hisham Ghassib

Hisham B. Ghassib is a Jordanian theoretical physicist and Marxist intellectual. He is professor of physics at the Princess Sumaya University for Technology (PSUT), where he was formerly Dean.
Ghassib gained his PhD from the University of Manchester in 1974. In 1975 he became an assistant professor in physics at the University of Jordan in Amman. He served as the first President of PSUT from 1999 to 2010, when he was succeeded by Dr Issa Batarseh. He is President of the Socialist Thought Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="36809205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809205" title="Chato, Peru">
Chato, Peru

Chato is a small town in Cura Mori District in the province of Piura in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36809206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809206" title="Husayn Muruwwa">
Husayn Muruwwa

Husayn Muruwwa (1910-1987) was a Lebanese journalist and literary critic. His "Materialist Trends in Arabic-Islamic Philosophy" (2 vols., 1979) was a Marxist re-reading of traditional Arab texts.

</doc>
<doc id="36809217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809217" title="Dillwyn Miles">
Dillwyn Miles

Dillwyn Miles (25 May 1915 – 1 August 2007) was a Welsh writer.
Miles was born in Newport, and baptised William James Dillwyn Miles. He became in 1932 the youngest clerk of a parish council in the country, following the death of his father. While still underage he was elected a burgess and was to serve as Mayor of Newport three times, the last in 1979–80. He attended university at Aberystwyth but was so dogged by ill-health his obituary was prepared. After college, he taught in various places around Pembrokeshire from 1936 till the outbreak of war.
He served mainly in Palestine, having enlisted in the Royal Army Service Corps in 1939. During June 1941 he had the task of typing and re-typing the 22-clause peace agreement following the overthrow of the Vichy regime in Syria. A newspaper report of the time recorded ""the magnificent service rendered by a young Welsh poet who displayed remarkable ability during the crisis following the surrender of the Syrian Forces"". Another said it ""had been drafted by Wales's youngest bard"". Miles managed to keep a copy of the agreement and one of the pens used to sign it.
Back in Wales, Miles was a member of the Gorsedd of Bards of the National Eisteddfod, Grand Swordbearer, and Herald Bard. He was in attendance at Caernarvon Castle in July 1969 for the Investiture of the Prince of Wales.
Miles worked tirelessly for Welsh affairs, including lecturing at the University of Wales, serving on influential committees concerned with health, welfare and culture, and served as Mayor of Haverfordwest. He edited the Pembrokeshire Historian for almost 30 years and in 1973 founded the Association of Trusts for Nature Conservation in Wales.
His wife died in 1976. Miles was survived by a son and daughter, and his companion of twenty-three years, Judith.

</doc>
<doc id="36809220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809220" title="August Klostermann">
August Klostermann

August Heinrich Klostermann (16 May 1837, Steinhude, Schaumburg-Lippe - 11 February 1915, Kiel) was a German Lutheran theologian.
Biography.
He studied at Erlangen University and Berlin (1855–58). He was assistant pastor in Bückeburg (1859–64), and then tutor () and lecturer () at Göttingen (1864–68). In 1868, he became professor of Old Testament exegesis at Kiel.

</doc>
<doc id="36809226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809226" title="Firas al-Sawwah">
Firas al-Sawwah

Firas al-Sawwah (born 1941) is a Syrian writer. He has written over ten books, "most of which have become bestsellers in the Arab world".

</doc>
<doc id="36809232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809232" title="Sarab Rural District (Ilam Province)">
Sarab Rural District (Ilam Province)

Sarab Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,690, in 813 families. The rural district has 12 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809244" title="Nabovat Rural District">
Nabovat Rural District

Nabovat Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,416, in 1,258 families. The rural district has 23 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809250" title="Fahmi Huwaidi">
Fahmi Huwaidi

Fahmi Huwaidi is an Egyptian columnist. A "moderate Islamist", he writes for "Al Jazeera" and the Egyptian opposition newspaper "Al-Dustour". He has been called "probably the most widely read Islamic political analyst".
In 2006, he stopped writing for "Al-Ahram", for which he had written for 48 years, complaining that words had been omitted from his weekly column.

</doc>
<doc id="36809258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809258" title="Stan Harper">
Stan Harper

Stanley Harper (born 2 September 1921 Brooklyn, New York) is an American virtuoso classical harmonica artist, arranger, and a composer.
Career history.
Harper began his professional harmonica career in 1935, at age 14. Still active, he has performed and recorded nationally on radio, television, record, theaters, and film. In the mid to late 1930s, Harper performed with the The Harmonica Scamps and Three Harpers, both based in New York City. Over the years, he has performed with other renown harmonica players and a range of entertainers and artists, including Eddie Shu (Shulman), Carl Reiner, Howard Morris, Hal David, Werner Klemperer, Sam Wanamaker, and Leon Kirchner.
Up until the death of Charley Leighton, Harper was a regular member of a harmonica jam session held every Tuesday at 3 PM at Charley Leighton's apartment in New York City. In addition to Leighton, regulars included Charles Spranklin (Charles Edward Spranklin; born 1932), William Galison, Randy Weinstein, Stanley Silverstone, Gregoire Maret, Phil Caltabelotta, and Rob Paparozzi.
Family.
He is the widower of Era Maria Tognoli (1919–2011), a 1940s opera soprano who, in 1959, founded the Metro Lyric Opera Company in Allenhurst, New Jersey, and for 52 years (until her death), directed it. Harper and Tongoli were married March 17, 1964, in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
Harper's surname as a hamonica namesake.
Hering Harmonicas, hand maker of diatonic and chromatic harmonicas, located in Blumenau, Santa Catarina, Brazil, produces a popular model bearing Harper's name: "The Stan Harper Chromatic 56," a three-octave, 14-hole instrument with 56 brass reeds sealed by a pearwood body bolted to a hardwood comb with chrome-plated cover plates, mouthpiece and slide assembly.
References.
General references
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="36809262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809262" title="Potito (singer)">
Potito (singer)

El Potito, (born Antonio Vargas Cortés in Seville in 1976) is a Spanish flamenco and new flamenco singer. He has been hailed as a "young singer tipped to be following in the footsteps of El Camaron." Bernard Leblon said he has a "prodigious voice capable of hitting incredibly high notes, was an overnight sensation in the world of flamenco."
From a child at the age of 10, he began acting, singing and flamenco dancing on the tourist boats on the Guadalquivir River. As a teenager, collaborated with acclaimed artists such as Paco de Lucía ("Zyrjab"). By 1996 he had already released two albums with collaborations with Vicente Amigo and others. He has since performed in a large number of performances internationally, collaborating in performances of Joaquin Cortes and Sara Baras, and is a singer in the Tomatito group. Altogether he has released six albums, the last of which is "Macandé".

</doc>
<doc id="36809264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809264" title="Kalan Rural District">
Kalan Rural District

Kalan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,835, in 783 families. The rural district has 17 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809270" title="Sideways I">
Sideways I

The Sideways I is an epigraphic variant of Latin capital letter I used in early medieval Celtic inscriptions from Wales and southwest England (Cornwall and Devon). About 36 monumental inscriptions in Wales, and about 15 in Cornwall and Devon, mostly dating from the 5th-6th centuries, make use of this letter. Except for a single inscription from the Isle of Man, it is not found in monumental inscriptions elsewhere. The letter is used exclusively in a word-final position for Latin words (or Latinized Celtic names) in the second declension genitive singular.
Encoding.
The character was proposed for encoding in the Unicode standard in 2011. It has since been accepted for encoding at code point , and will be included in the next version of Unicode after version 6.3.

</doc>
<doc id="36809273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809273" title="Outer old Seoul">
Outer old Seoul

Outer old Seoul or Seongjeosimni (Hangul: 성저십리, Hanja: 城底十里) was a surrounding area of old Seoul or "Hanseong-bu" (한성부), established in Joseon period. This area makes up an isle of Yeouido and several districts of Seoul today: Eunpyeong, Mapo, Seodaemun, Yongsan, Dongdaemun, Seongbuk, Gangbuk, and Seongdong.
Outer old Seoul was a part of Joseon's capital city, Hanseongbu. This means it did belong to neither of the two surrounding counties around old Seoul - Goyang and Yangju. Unlike inner old Seoul, often referred as 'the inside area of the Eight Gates of Seoul' or 'Sadaemun-an'(사대문안), the number of residents was relatively smaller and deforestation and funeral burials within the area were highly regulated or prohibited by the authorities. It was divided into several districts or "Bang"(방)s - Yeonhui(연희방), Sangpyeong(상평방), Seogang(서강방), Yongsan(용산방), Sungsin(숭신방), Inchang(인창방), and Dumo(두모방) (at the time of late Joseon).
Although the exact boundary is unknown, assumed natural borders are thought to be small rivers/streams of Hongje, Ui, and Jungnang, the Han River and Bukhansan mountain.
In 1914, most of outer old Seoul, excepting small neighbourhoods of Changsin and Sungin, some eastern part of Mapo and the west of Yongsan, was annexed into Goyang county by the Japanese colonial government as a political scheme to minimise colonial Seoul or then "Gyeongseong-bu" (경성부). From 1936 through 1949, most of this area was re-incorporated into Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="36809277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809277" title="Goldenwest Credit Union">
Goldenwest Credit Union

Goldenwest Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Ogden, Utah, regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). As of January 1, 2014 Goldenwest serves over 106,000 members, holds $1 billion in assets, and operates 26 branches throughout Utah.
History.
The history and organization of Goldenwest Credit Union goes back to the 1930s as the people of Utah were recovering from the great depression.
Mr. Volta D. Perry, a car inspector for the Ogden Railway and Depot Company, heard of the Federal Credit Union Act of 1934 by the U.S. Congress. His investigation led to the organization of the Ogden Railway and Depot Company Employees Federal Credit Union on May 13, 1936.
The organizational meeting took place in the Union Depot Building Old Timer’s Hall in Ogden. The founders were seven men who were employed by the Ogden Railway and Depot Company. Assets at the organizational date were $10.50.
In 1940, the name was modified to Ogden Railway Employees Federal Credit Union as the field of membership had been enlarged to include all of the railroad workers in the Ogden yards. The name changed again over next 20 years as the words “Employees” and “Federal” were dropped. In 1984, members voted to change the name of Ogden Railway Credit Union to Goldenwest Credit Union to be more representative of the expanding membership base.
Early operations were conducted from the home of the treasurer Irving L. Christensen. Later, the credit union office was housed in a small room at the Union Depot. It was 20 years before an official credit union office was rented a few blocks from the railroad yards. On June 9, 1962, a new building was dedicated on 26th Street in downtown Ogden. Goldenwest was the first credit union in Utah to build its own facility. In the year 2000, the Corporate Office moved to the existing headquarters at 5025 Adams Avenue in South Ogden.
In 2007, Goldenwest received the honor of being named the "Federal Credit Union of the Year" for credit unions with $150+ million in assets by the National Association Federal Credit Union. Credit unions from around the country were considered for the award, and were judged on topics including: unusual growth; member service; handling adverse situations; sound financial management; consumer education; commitment to community; and, serving low-to-moderate income members.
On October 1, 2013, Goldenwest Credit Union merged with USU Credit Union. USU Credit Union retained its name and USU-affiliated brand as a division of Goldenwest Credit Union. Today, Goldenwest and USU Credit Union serve more than 106,000 members, holds over $1 billion in assets, and operates 26 branch offices in Utah from Smithfield to St George.

</doc>
<doc id="36809278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809278" title="Zarneh Rural District">
Zarneh Rural District

Zarneh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,778, in 571 families. The rural district has 15 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809286" title="Kieser">
Kieser

Kieser is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36809292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809292" title="Association of Private Higher Education Institutions of Thailand">
Association of Private Higher Education Institutions of Thailand

Association of Private Higher Education Institutions of Thailand (APHEIT, ) established in 1979, is a non-profit association founded by a group of private higher education institutions in Thailand. The goal of this association is to establish and promote cooperation among private higher education institutions in Thailand. 
In 1967, six administrators from private colleges established a club in which they met monthly to discuss and exchange views on administrative problems in each institution. This club was later renamed to Association of Private Colleges of Thailand on November 18, 1977. On July 23, 1979, it was again renamed to Association of Private Higher Education of Thailand to conform with the Private Higher Education Institution Act of 1979.
Members.
There are 63 member institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="36809299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809299" title="Filifusus">
Filifusus

Filifusus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Filifusus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36809303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809303" title="CFAO">
CFAO

CFAO is a multinational company engaged in the sale of manufactured goods, especially automobiles and pharmaceutical products. It has operations in Africa and France's former colonies and overseas territories. 
History.
The "Compagnie Française de l'Afrique Occidentale (CFAO)" was founded in 1887 by Frédéric Bohn. It was created from the shipping company owned by his father in law, Charles-Auguste Verminck, the "Établissements Verminck", centred on Marseille. Initially continued business operations that were being carried on, trading with groundnut, leather, soap, rubber and other products, but soon adopted the pattern of rivals French colonial trading houses, with a management structure composed of non-African employees (mostly French) and a retail location network (in the major transatlantic ports) with exchange sites (called "factoreries") located on rivers-banks and the hinterland. CFAO expanded into Senegal, then into Sierra Leone to exploit its rich production of palm kernels and obtain oil. Its main rival at the time was another French company, the Société Commerciale de l'Ouest Africain (SCOA), founded in 1905 by dissident managers of CFAO. 
However, the main goal soon became to compete for the market share of the powerful British colonial companies, taking advantage of the 1898 free trade agreement, which included the Niger River and its basin. CFAO entered slowly in the Gulf of Guinea, gaining ground in Nigeria and Ghana and clashing with the English and Dutch operations. In 1909, the company settled a branch in the Gold Coast (Ghana), where an important cocoa production was developing. The company followed an open strategy, receiving supplies from companies of different countries and establishing purchase locations for products to sell in Africa throughout Europe, for example in England, where it focused its operations in Manchester. In 1911, CFAO sealed an agreement with the Ford Motor Company’s French subsidiary and began selling Ford automobiles in sub-Saharan Africa, although car sales was not one of its core activities until mid-century. At the same time, it also signed an agreement (1911) with the American firm Texaco for petroleum products. During the 20s and 30s, the company opened subsidiaries in Cameroon, Gabon, Togo and the present-day Democratic Republic of Congo. In the 50s, it won the exclusive distribution of several American manufactured goods, such as International Harvester's agricultural machinery, Remington's office equipment and Otis' elevators. 
In 1990, the company was purchased by Pinault (later PPR). Soon after, it started to sell pharmaceutic products. In 1996, it purchased its historic rival, SCOA, integrating its pharmaceuticals distribution division, Eurapharma.
In 2009, PPR sold through an IPO shares equivalent to CFAO's 50.39 percent stake, collecting 806 million euros. BNP Paribas, Calyon, Goldman Sachs International and Société Générale acted as Global Coordinators, Joint Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners. PPR kept a big amount of the remaining shares through its fully owned subsidiary Discodis SAS.
In 2012, PPR sold a 29.8 percent from CFAO to Toyota Tsusho Corporation with the aim of cutting debt and funding an expansion in luxury goods and sportwear. Later, the Japanese company launched a tender offer, purchasing PPR's remaining stake and almost all public shares, taking control of a 97.91 percent by December 
Divisions.
CFAO Automotive.
It operates as a multi-brand car dealership in the African territory and several other places. It also distributes parts and tires.
Eurapharma.
This division imports and distributes pharmaceutical products.
CFAO Industries, Equipment, and Services.
It is responsible for bottling beverages; developing and manufacturing plastics; design, construction and maintenance of IT networks; distribution of construction machineryr and generators; installation and maintenance of elevators.

</doc>
<doc id="36809312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809312" title="Spaces (social network)">
Spaces (social network)

Spaces is a Russian social network service popular in Belarus, Russia, Armenia and Ukraine. It claims on its Facebook page that it is the largest network for mobile phones in the Commonwealth of Independent States. 
Alexa ranks it as the 345th most popular website in Russia as of January 2013; its daily page views have been constantly growing in the past two years. 
Usage statistics for the Opera Mini mobile web browser, which has a 57% market share in Russia, ranked Spaces as the 8th most popular website in Russia in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36809347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809347" title="Chato, Ghana">
Chato, Ghana

Chato (Challo) is a village in Sissala West District in the Upper West Region of Ghana, West Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36809366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809366" title="Sarab Rural District">
Sarab Rural District

Sarab Rural District () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36809391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809391" title="Geba">
Geba

Geba may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="36809395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809395" title="Camp Morena">
Camp Morena

Camp Morena is part of Naval Base Coronado. It is located to the north of Lake Morena County Park, near Campo, San Diego County. Formerly occupied by the California National Guard then given to th Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="36809410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809410" title="Darvand-e Sartang">
Darvand-e Sartang

Darvand-e Sartang (, also Romanized as Dārvand-e Sartang; also known as Sar Tang and Sar Tang-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 298, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809414" title="256-bit">
256-bit

There are currently no mainstream general-purpose processors built to operate on 256-bit integers or addresses, though a number of processors do operate on 256-bit data. CPUs feature SIMD instruction sets (Advanced Vector Extensions and the FMA instruction set etc.) where 256-bit vector registers are used to store several smaller numbers, such as eight 32-bit floating-point numbers, and a single instruction can operate on all these values in parallel. However, these processors do not operate on individual numbers that are 256 binary digits in length, only their registers have the size of 256-bits.
History.
The DARPA funded Data-Intensive Architecture (DIVA) system incorporated processor-in-memory (PIM) 5-stage pipelined 256-bit datapath, complete with register file and ALU blocks in a "WideWord" processor in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36809415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809415" title="Peter Exley">
Peter Exley

Peter Exley (born August 2, 1964 in Harrogate, England) is the co-founder of Architecture Is Fun, a Chicago-based architecture and design firm. Exley’s projects include the DuPage Children’s Museum, the House in the Woods, a 21,000-square-foot (1,950m2) Ronald McDonald House in Oak Lawn, Illinois, the Exploration Station children's museum and the Young at Art Museum's exhibits and galleries in Davie, Florida.
Biography.
Exley earned a Bachelor of Arts in Architectural Studies with first-class honours from Newcastle University in 1985 and a Master of Architecture from the University of Pennsylvania in 1990. Prior to founding his own firm in 1994, he worked for Skidmore, Owings & Merrill in Chicago and London and with Venturi, Scott Brown and Associates in Philadelphia. Architecture Is Fun’s work has been exhibited at the Art Institute of Chicago, the Chicago Architecture Foundation and the ICA in Philadelphia. In 2012, Exley was named President of American Institute of Architects Chicago for the year 2013.
Awards.
In 1996 Exley was the recipient of the AIA Chicago Young Architect Award and in 2003 received the AIA Illinois Excellence in Education Award. In 2012, with his partner and wife, Sharon Exley, he was awarded the Benjamin Moore HUE Award for exceptional use of color in commercial architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36809420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809420" title="Mansour Kasse">
Mansour Kasse

Mansour Kasse (born June 28, 1992 in Dakar, Senegal) is a Senegalese professional basketball player. After spending a few seasons at Real Madrid Baloncesto B, Kasse currently plays for the Spanish team Cáceres Basket.
Player profile.
Mansour Kasse has great athletic ability, versatility – being a very complete player on both sides of the basketball court. Offensively, he has a good shot from 4–5 meters and a variety of resources and movements, scoring easily with both hands. Defensively he is very hard and difficult to overcome, especially in positions close to the basket, where he is a dominant player. Mansour Kasse has a great ability to capture the defensive rebound, allowing the team to start the fastbreak thanks to his vision to make and complete the first pass. His enormous reach enables him to block shots and steal the ball from rivals who play from different positions (guards, forwards, centers). The great Nigerian center Hakeem Olajuwon is Mansour’s inspiration.
Pro career.
Kasse arrived in the summer of 2010 to Real Madrid from Baloncesto Majadahonda, after making an impact at the U-18 Spanish basketball championship.
In 2011/2012, he has been a dominant power-forward in Real Madrid B (Spanish’s EBA division), coached by Alberto Angulo, and he has been training and traveling with the Real Madrid's first team, in Spanish ACB League and Euroleague.
On August 2012 he signs for the Spanish team Basket Navarra Club. On 7 September he debuts in a match against Palencia Baloncesto, in which he scores 17 points.
In the summer of 2013 he signs for Caceres Basket, a team that in the previous season was about to be promoted to ACB League, losing in the Semifinals of the 2013 LEB Oro Playoffs. In the week 16 of the 2013/14 season, Kasse was named the best center of the league. 
National team.
Mansour Kasse has been international Under-16 and Under-18 with Senegal. At the age of 16, he played at the 2008 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship, where they reached semifinals.
In the summer of 2013 he joins the Senegal National team to participate in the 2013 FIBA Africa Championship.
Senegal National team will participate in the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36809457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809457" title="Olympic (constituency)">
Olympic (constituency)

Olympic () is one of the 17 constituencies of the Yau Tsim Mong District Council in Hong Kong. The seat elects one member of the council every four years. It was first created in and is now held by the Democratic Party's James To. The boundary is loosely based on the area of Olympian City.

</doc>
<doc id="36809491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809491" title="Amer Wrikat">
Amer Wrikat

Amer Qasem Wrikat (born 1986) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Baqa'a SC.

</doc>
<doc id="36809501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809501" title="Li Sheng (Three Kingdoms)">
Li Sheng (Three Kingdoms)

Li Sheng (李勝: died 249) was an official of the Cao Wei. His style name is Gongzhao(公昭). He was the son of Li Xiu(李休).
Life.
During the last period of the Han Dynasty (206 BCE – 220 CE), Li Sheng's father, Li Xiu, served Zhang Lu of the Hanzhong region and there was a time that he requested Zhang Lu to ascend the throne. After Zhang Lu surrendered to Cao Cao in 215, Li Xiu became a feudal lord of Cao Cao.
When he was young, he went to the capital to study, and there he was known as having
elegance and being sagacity.
Having intimite relationships with Cao Shuang and Xiahou Xuan (209-254), he
became a member of a group named as four sages and eight masters (四聡八達). However Emperor
Cao Rui expelled the members of the group from the office as Cao Rui thought the group is of
flatulent, frivolous and fruitless.
After Cao Rui died in 239, as Cao Shuang was selected as a regent of the newly enthronded and child
Emperor Cao Fang, Cao Shuang entered the scene. Cao Shuang became 県令 of Luoyang(洛陽) also. 
In 244, Cao Shuang and Xiahou Xuan made a plan of attacking Shu Han, and Li Sheng concurred with it and was appointed Chief Clerk (長史) by the General Who Attacks the West (征西將軍) Xiahou Xuan. However their military action resulted in a disaster, and for this reason Sima Yi got a bad feeling about Li Sheng.
He was appointed as Administrator of Xingyang (滎陽太守) and Intendant of Henan (河南尹). When he was Intendant of Henan (河南尹), it is said that he gained temporary fame by liberalizing the laws and rules compared to the strict rules of his preceding officer Liu Jing (劉靖). One year after, there were bad omens. He was appointed as Inspector of Jing Province (荊州刺史). Since according to the tradition of Han Dynasty, one must not be appointed to the Inspector of his hometown, Li Sheng's appointment was an irregular one.
In 248, Cao Shuang bade Li Sheng to inform Sima Yi about his appointment of Inspector of Jing Province and to check Sima Yi's health condition at the same time. 
Inveigled by Sima Yi's play, Li Sheng made a conclusion that Sima Yi was a real patient, reported Cao Shuang that Sima Yi would not be a threat any longer. According to the Records of the End of Wei (魏末傳), it is said that as Sima Yi played a patient with dementia, Li Sheng burst into tears. 
In 249, before Li Sheng came into the office of Inspector of Jing Province, Sima Yi launched a coup d'état, and Cao Shung surrendered to Sima Yi. Members of Cao Shuang's faction were arrested on charges of treason and they all were executed. Li Sheng was one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="36809505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809505" title="Sharon Exley">
Sharon Exley

Sharon Exley (born 1958 in Rhode Island) is an educative designer and author working with communities to bring a vocabulary of design and architecture to children and institutions supporting play and learning. In 1994, she co-founded Architecture Is Fun, Inc., a Chicago research-based architecture and design firm with a focus on play, public space and design for kids, families, and communities. In 2011, Exley founded the woman-owned business, Fun Finders, a consulting and procurement company presenting a curated collection of distinctive products, objects of curiosity and custom millwork, décor and furnishings.
Biography.
Exley received a Masters of Arts in Arts Education with a Museum Emphasis in 2001 and a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1982, both from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. She has presented teacher workshops at the Art Institute of Chicago and family architecture workshops at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago. Prior to founding her own firms, she worked at Safdie Architects in Somerville, MA and the Chicago and Boston offices of SOM.
Her work has been recognized with numerous honors and awards including American Institute of Architects Awards for the Pritzker Family Children’s Zoo at Lincoln Park Zoo, DuPage Children’s Museum, Kids on the Fly at O'Hare International Airport, and the Evanston Public Library Teen Loft and Children’s Library. In 2012, with her partner and husband, Peter Exley, she was awarded the Benjamin Moore HUE Award for exceptional use of color in commercial architecture.
She has authored several publications including Design For Kids, and The Best of Everything For Your Baby.
Awards & Honors.
Exley has received numerous honors for her design and community-based work, including being named the 2011 recipient of the Gem of the Community Award from Archi-treasures, Print + HOW Design Color In Design 2010 Award, and the 2012 ASID Chicago1st Place: Small Project Under 3000 SF Award.
Design For Kids.
Co-authored by Peter and Sharon Exley, the monograph “Design For Kids” illustrates architecture, interiors, exhibits, and learning resources for young people through the work and research of their design atelier Architecture Is Fun. Through photographs of built work, diagrams and design proposals, “Design For Kids” introduces the Exley’s concept of “Educative Design”. The monograph examines this unique methodology that integrates architecture, learning, design and experience in projects designed specifically for children.
In their review of the book, architects Robert Venturi and Denise Scott Brown described the work of Architecture Is Fun and its founders Peter Exley and Sharon Exley, to be "of significance and relevance, joy and seriousness, range and depth".

</doc>
<doc id="36809506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809506" title="World Computer Exchange">
World Computer Exchange

World Computer Exchange (WCE) is a USA based charity organization who's mission is "to reduce the digital divide for youth in developing countries, to use our global network of partnerships to enhance communities in these countries, and to promote the reuse of electronic equipment and its ultimate disposal in an environmentally responsible manner."
According to UNESCO, it is incorporated in March 2000. It is North America's largest non-profit supplier of tested used computers to schools and community organizations in developing countries.
WCE provides computers and technology, and the support to make them useful in the developing communities. WCE delivers educational content and curriculum on agriculture, health entrepreneurship, and even water and energy. The program also ensures that teachers will know how to use the technology and content by providing staff and teacher training, as well as ongoing tech team support.
Each chapter of WCE collects donated computers, refurbishes and prepares the shipment for the projects. While preparing shipments, they also raise funds to ship the computers.
Volunteers of WCE chapters inspect each computer, repair if necessary, install operating system as well as educational material to each computer.
Organization.
The organization is a non-profit organization, and tax-exempt under section 501(c)(3) in the US.
WCE headquarters is in Hull, Massachusetts, and there are 15 chapters in the US, 5 in Canada.
Partners.
Recipients of computers are called partners by World Computer Exchange. The requests of computer donation come from the partners. WCE then starts a project to meet the request of the partner. Once the refurbished computers and the funds to ship the computers are fulfilled, they initiate the shipment.
To install the computers at the partner site requires either technical assistance sent by WCE called "eCorp Tech", or other sources.
"eCorps Tech" volunteer to travel with shipment and install the computers at the destination site.
When WCE requires the other sources to install computers, WCE coordinates the shipments of computers with other non-profit organizations, such as University of the People, Peace Corps, Computers4Africa.org, ADEA (Assoc. for the development of Education in Africa) and others.
Computers.
WCE uses Ubuntu operating system to prepare computers, citing the cost of license and less prone computer viruses while providing sufficient computing environment such as word processor and printer drivers.
Unlike One Laptop per Child, the prepared computers do not contain specialized software. Each computer is loaded with educational materials which allows users to learn materials without internet connection.
History.
In 1999, Timothy Anderson found that an organization that supplied donated refurbished computers to other countries wasn’t established in the U.S. With a small group of volunteer members, Anderson developed the World Computer Exchange (WCE).
By November 2002, the organisation shipped 4,000 computers to 585 schools in many developing countries.
By October, 2011, along with partner organizations, WCE has shipped 30,000 computers, established 2,675 computer labs.
In February 2012, Boston chapter (also headquarters chapter) in Hull, Massachusetts sent out their 68th shipment bringing their total to 13,503 computers.

</doc>
<doc id="36809523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809523" title="Judo by country">
Judo by country

This is a list of articles on the state of Judo in various countries around the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="36809546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809546" title="Hisar Mosque">
Hisar Mosque

Hisar Mosque (Hisar Camii, meaning the "Fort Mosque") or Hisarönü Mosque (Hisarönü Camii) is a historical Mosque in İzmir, Turkey. It has been recorded to have been constructed by Aydınoğlu Yakup Bey between 1592 and 1598. The 16th century Mosque is one of the biggest in the city centre and its interior contains one of the most striking examples of Ottoman Islamic artwork in İzmir.
Architecture.
The Mosque has one main dome in the centre facing the entrance supported by eight large pillars along with three large domes on either side. There are three smaller domes at the back of the top. The courtyard has a series of seven domes on the sides. There is a şadırvanı (fountain used for Islamic ritual washing) overlooking the courtyard. The Mosque has been restored in 1813, 1881, 1927 and 1980 after damage.

</doc>
<doc id="36809550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809550" title="List of Central American Championships records">
List of Central American Championships records

The Central American Championships in Athletics is an athletics event for athletes which began in 1958. Records are set by athletes who are representing one of the CADICA's member states. The following list of records is assembled from the CADICA website.
Records in defunct events.
Men's events.
There are a couple of further defunct events, e.g. 80 m hurdles women, but no information on records could be found.
See also.
List of North, Central American and Caribbean records in athletics

</doc>
<doc id="36809553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809553" title="Gene Paul">
Gene Paul

Gene William Paul (born August 20, 1944) is an audio recording / mixing / mastering engineer, producer and musician. He was an engineer at Atlantic Recording Studios during their famed 1960s-80s period and is currently the chief mastering engineer at G&J Audio, a mixing and mastering studio for major and independent labels focused on reissues and new recordings. He has worked on thousands of projects, and has engineered 9 Grammy Award-winning albums with 29 total nominations in 15 different categories. He has engineered many hit recordings, including 7 #1's on the Billboard Pop & Jazz charts, 6 more in the Pop Top 10, 10 more in the Jazz Top 10, and 5 in the R&B Top 20.
Early years.
Gene Paul is the son of famed guitarist and inventor Les Paul, the inventor of the solid-body electric guitar and early innovator of multitrack recording. Gene spent his youth developing his engineering skills in the family recording studio and spent a decade as the drummer in his father's touring band from 1959 to 1969, with singer Mary Ford (his stepmother) for the first half. “Without even knowing it, I was being taught about presenting music, which was a great experience. I worked on putting the shows together with dad. I watched him record his own music as well as groups. If he said, ‘Do you want to know about this?’ I’d say, ‘Yes.’ And I’d go set up a mike. By the time I grew up, I knew how to record.”
Atlantic Records.
His career took off after joining Atlantic Records in 1969 where he quickly became a world-renowned engineer and producer. "The people there, like Tom Dowd, Arif Mardin, Joel Dorn, Ahmet Ertegun, they were all gentle people. You would think that they were all superstars, but they never acted that way. Being at Atlantic was like being welcomed into someone’s house. It was a house of music. You never knew who was going to come in, one day ], the next The Modern Jazz Quartet, King Curtis, Gladys Knight. ... It was truthfully hard to go home at night."
Mastering.
In the 1980s, Paul began working with Atlantic Records producer Joel Dorn and Atlantic Records engineer Joel Kerr to restore and remaster the recordings of rare live performances by famous artists. This led Paul & Kerr to form DB Plus Digital Services, an independent mastering studio which operated in New York City from 1987 to 2009. In 2010, he became Chief Mastering Engineer at G&J Audio, a mixing and mastering studio for major and independent labels focused on reissues and new recordings, alongside Kerr and engineer Jamie Polaski.
Grammy Awards.
Gene Paul has engineered 9 Grammy Award-winning albums with 29 total nominations in 15 different categories. (Years listed are album release dates.)
Notable Recordings.
In addition to the Grammy Awards listed above, Gene Paul has engineered many hit recordings, including 7 #1's on the Billboard Pop & Jazz charts, 6 more in the Pop Top 10, 10 more in the Jazz Top 10, and 5 in the R&B Top 20.

</doc>
<doc id="36809555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809555" title="Niall Donohue">
Niall Donohue

Niall Donoghue (25 October 1990 − 23 October 2013) was an Irish hurler who played at senior level for the Galway senior team.
Born in Kilbeacanty, County Galway, Donoghue first excelled at hurling whilst at school in Gort Community School. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Galway minor team, before later joining the under-21 side. He made his senior debut in the 2012 National Hurling League. Donoghue went on to play a key part for Galway over the following two seasons, and won one Leinster medal. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion. Throughout his career Donoghue made 7 championship appearances. 
As a member of the Connacht inter-provincial team for two successive years, Donoghue unsuccessfully contested two Railway Cup finals. At club level he played with Kilbeacanty.
Donoghue was found dead in his home on 23 October 2013, 3 days before his 23rd birthday. His death brought the topic of suicide into public consciousness. His funeral was attended by a large number of mourners from the GAA community across the country, including Donohoe's Galway teammates. A number of other figures in the GAA such as Kilkenny manager Brian Cody and association president Liam O'Neill called to the Donohoe family home to pay their respects.

</doc>
<doc id="36809608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809608" title="Igwe Orizu I (Eze Ugbonyamba)">
Igwe Orizu I (Eze Ugbonyamba)

Igwe Orizu I was the 15th Obi of Otolo and the isi Obi of Nnewi. He was born in 1881 and was crowned the King of Nnewi in 1904, he died in 1924. 
He was a young man when his father died, the British army led by Major Harry Moorhouse and Hugh Trenchard entered Nnewi in the same year. The British agreed to support the young King and Nnewi laid down arm soon afterwards. It was also in 1904 that Trenchard was involved in bringing Igboland under British control. Initially many of the inhabitants refused to surrender weaponry to the British and Trenchard's political advisor, R M Heron, arranged for the destruction of the houses of those who harboured weapons. In light of this policy, many guns and other arms were surrendered to Trenchard's soldiers at Nkwo Nnewi where they were destroyed. During this time the Igbo nicknamed Trenchard "Nwangwele", meaning young lizard in Igbo, on account of his figure.
Nnewi thrived during his reign through land gains from neighboring towns like Ichi through wars, He also resettled soldiers in Abubo, Nnewiichi & Akabukwu. reign marked the beginning of Christianity in Nnewi and his family and people would later gradually become Christians. He took the prestigious Nri Ozo title, with the Ozo name, 'Eze Ugbonyamba'.
He is the father of Nigeria's second senate president and acting president, Prince Nwafor Orizu and the Grand father of Igwe Kenneth Onyeneke Orizu III, the current Igwe of Nnewi.

</doc>
<doc id="36809620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809620" title="Certificate of division">
Certificate of division

A certificate of division was a source of appellate jurisdiction from the circuit courts to the Supreme Court of the United States from 1802 to 1911. Created by the Judiciary Act of 1802, the certification procedure was available only where the circuit court sat with a full panel of two: both the resident district judge and the circuit-riding Supreme Court justice. As Chief Justice John Marshall wrote, he did not have "the privilege of dividing the court when alone."
The certificate of division procedure had unique features. Unlike writ of error and certiorari jurisdiction, the certificate of division procedure did not require a federal question. In criminal cases, the certificate of division was the only source of appellate jurisdiction from the circuit courts (save original habeas) until 1889. In civil cases, although ordinary writs of error were authorized, the certificate of division remained important because it permitted appeals without regard to the amount in controversy and interlocutory appeals. Inasmuch as the certificate of division permitted the Supreme Court some measure of control over its docket, it is a precursor to modern certiorari jurisdiction.
With regards to criminal cases, the Supreme Court held (in 1896) that Judiciary Act of 1891 operated as an implied repeal of the authorization to hear cases on certificates of division. But, the Court retained its authority hear civil cases via certificates of division until the abolition of the circuit courts by the Judicial Code of 1911. A different, and rarely used, certified question procedure was adopted in 1925 and is currently codified at 28 U.S.C. § 1254(2).
Background.
Circuit courts.
Under the Judiciary Act of 1789, the circuit courts were composed of a stationary district court judge and any two Supreme Court justices riding circuit. Following a brief intermezzo with the soon-repealed Midnight Judges Act of 1801 (which abolished circuit riding), under the Judiciary Act of 1802, the circuit courts were composed of a stationary district judge and one Supreme Court justice assigned to the circuit. 
Section 4 of the Judiciary Act of 1789 had provided that two judges or justices would constitute a quorum. The practice of sending a single circuit rider was explicitly authorized by the Judiciary Act of 1793, but was already common before 1793. Under the Judicial Act of 1802, a single judge (either the district judge or the circuit rider) could preside alone.
Early tie-breaking methods.
In "United States v. Daniel" (1821), Chief Justice John Marshall recounted the history of tie-breaking methods on the circuit courts. If one judge or justice disagreed with the other two, the majority prevailed. If only one Supreme Court justice could attend, and a division arose between the district judge and the Supreme Court justice, the practice—as required by the Judiciary Act of 1793—was to hold the case over until the next term. If a one-to-one division persisted with a different circuit riding justice, the opinion of the previous circuit rider broke the tie. After 1802, in cases where both judges sat, though, one-to-one divisions were less likely to be resolved by continuing the case until the next term because the circuit-riding justice would be the same (barring a change in membership on the Court).
Prior to 1802, there was no way to call upon the Supreme Court to resolve one-to-one ties on the circuit courts. Alexander Dallas, the Supreme Court reporter (and also the reporter of an eclectic assortment of cases from state and federal courts in Pennsylvania), noted in "United States v. Worrall" (C.C.D. Pa. 1798):
"Worrall" involved a criminal prosecution of Robert Worrall for bribing Tench Coxe, the Commissioner of Revenue within the Department of the Treasury. After Worrall's conviction by jury, Dallas had moved for a judgment of acquittal on the ground that the Judiciary Act of 1789 did not empower the circuit court to try common law crimes (in 1798, there was no federal statute criminalizing the bribery of the relevant federal official). Despite the divided opinion in the circuit court, Worrall was sentenced to three months imprisonment and fined $200. The "short consultation" referred to in the official report, prior to the pronouncement of the reduced sentence, may have been with other members of the Supreme Court, which was then resident in Philadelphia.
Statutory basis.
The Judiciary Act of 1802 permitted circuit courts to certify questions of law to the Supreme Court if the judges were divided on that question. Specifically, § 6 provided:
An 1872 statute modified the certificate of division procedure to require waiting for a final decision in the circuit court case first. In the interim, the opinion of the presiding judge was to prevail. An 1874 statute repealed the 1872 modification as to criminal cases, but left it in place as to civil cases.
While the statute provided only for the certification of "the point upon which the disagreement shall happen," the justices sometimes took the liberty of enlarging the question. For example, in "United States v. Hudson" (1812), the question certified was "whether the Circuit Court of the United States had a common law jurisdiction in cases of libel?" but the question answered was "whether the Circuit Courts of the United States can exercise a common law jurisdiction in criminal cases?" And, in "United States v. Bevans" (1818), the Court noted that "t may be deemed within the scope of the question certified to this court" to inquire whether the murder was cognizable under § 3 of the Crimes Act of 1790, even though the defendant had only been indicted under § 8.
History of use.
Certificates of division began to fall into disuse as it became increasingly common for the circuit courts to sit with a single judge. The Judiciary Act of 1869 (the "Circuit Judges Act") reduced the circuit-riding duties of the Supreme Court justices and therefore reduced the possibility for certificates of division. As Chief Justice Marshall wrote, he did not have "the privilege of dividing the court when alone."
In criminal cases.
In "United States v. More" (1805), the Court held that the ordinary means of appeal, the writ of error, could not be utilized in criminal cases from the circuit courts. This contributed to the importance of the certificate of division in criminal cases. The Marshall Court (1801–1835) heard thirty-one criminal cases arising from certificates of division; the Taney Court (1836–1864), fifteen; the Chase Court (1864–1873), seventeen; the Waite Court (1874–1888), thirty-eight; and the Fuller Court (1888–1910), fourteen.
The Judiciary Act of 1802 plainly contemplated that certificates of division would issue in criminal cases. Section 6 provided that "imprisonment shall not be allowed, nor punishment in any case be inflicted, where judges of the said court are divided in opinion upon the question touching the said imprisonment or punishment." Justice Story—in his opinions for the Court—cautioned against the too frequent use of certificates of division in criminal cases. In "United States v. Gooding" (1827), for the Court, Justice Story wrote:
Not every question or every criminal case was eligible for a certificate of division. In "United States v. Daniel" (1821), the Court held that a motion for a new trial—as authorized by the § 17 of the Judiciary Act of 1789—could not be the subject of a certificate of division; rather, the division would operate a rejection of the motion. Similarly, in "United States v. Bailey" (1835), the Court held that the question of whether the evidence was legally sufficient to support the offense charged could not be certified. In "United States v. Briggs" (Briggs I) (1847), the Court further limited its jurisdiction to hear criminal certificates of division by holding that the question of whether a demurrer to an indictment should be sustained was to general to be certified.
In "United States v. Hamilton" (1883), the Court reaffirmed its earlier holdings that certificates could not issue from motions to quash an indictment. And, in "United States v. Rosenburgh" (1868) and "United States v. Avery" (1871), the Court held that a motion to quash an indictment could not be so certified, even if the motion called into question the jurisdiction of the circuit court.
In habeas cases.
In "Ex parte Tom Tong" (1883), the Court held that—under 1872 amendments to the certification procedure, which went into effect during the Chase Court era—because habeas corpus was a civil proceeding, questions arising in habeas cases could not be certified to the Supreme Court until a final judgment had been entered. In "Ex parte Milligan" (1866), after the repeal of those amendments, the Court held that habeas petitions in the circuit courts could be a source of certified questions to the Supreme Court.
In civil cases.
"Dartmouth College v. Woodward" (1819) is a famous use of the certificate of division procedure in a civil case. In order to insure that the certificate of division procedure would be available in "Dartmouth College", "Story was closely involved from the outset with the litigation." Early on, Dartmouth's lawyer, Daniel Webster, sought "to elicit the cooperation of Story in carrying the case to the Marshall Court through a pro forma certificate of division." The Contract Clause question for which "Dartmouth College" is famous could have been appealed to the Supreme Court even if the case had been brought in the courts of New Hampshire (and it was); but, the "vested rights" argument, which Story and Webster regarded as potentially stronger, was not a matter of federal law and thus could not be appealed by writ of error. In fact, after the New Hampshire Supreme Court ruled against the College, in addition to filing an appeal, a new case was filed in the federal circuit court. As Webster wrote in a letter to another lawyer for the College:
Although Story did as Webster predicted, the certificate of division was never heard by the Supreme Court because the direct appeal was decided first.
Certificates not decided.
In addition to the "Dartmouth College" case "(supra"), there are other reports of certificates of division that were issued but never decided by the Supreme Court. After the indictment of Jefferson Davis, the President of the Confederacy, for treason, William Wirt Henry reports that a certificate of division was issued on Davis's motion to dismiss the indictment on the grounds that he owed no allegiance to the United States after the secession of his state. Reportedly, Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase sided with Davis, while District Judge John Curtiss Underwood sided with the government. No response from the Supreme Court to that certificate is reported, but Davis's bail was eventually absolved, and he was released.
Abolition.
Criminal cases.
In 1889, Congress created a right of ordinary appeal in capital cases. The 1889 act was "he first act of Congress which authorized a criminal case to be brought from the Circuit Court of the United States to this court, except upon a certificate of division of opinion." In 1891, with the Judiciary Act of 1891 (the "Evarts Act"), Congress extended this right to other serious crimes. The 1891 act did not explicitly repeal the authorization to issue certificates of division, but § 14 provided that prior, inconsistent laws were repealed. 
After the passage of the 1891 act, the Supreme Court initially continued to decide questions presented in criminal cases by certificate of division on the merits. Three such decisions, "United States v. Eaton" (1892), "United States v. Rodgers" (1893), and "United States v. Thomas" (1894), made no mention of the 1891 act. But, in "United States v. Rider" (1896) and "United States v. Hewecker" (1896), the Court held that the 1891 act was an implied repeal of the authorization of certificates of division in criminal cases. "Rider" held:
"Hewecker", the last criminal certificate of division case, declined to reconsider the question on the grounds that "Rider" could have been decided on the narrower ground that a certificate of division could not issue on a matter committed to the district judge's discretion.
Civil cases.
Following "Rider" and "Hewecker", certificates of division continued to be issued in civil cases. "Felsenheld v. United States" (1902) was the last civil certificate of division case. The possibility of civil certificates of division was not completely abolished until the Judicial Code of 1911 abolished the circuit courts.
Other forms of certification.
The modern form of Supreme Court certified question jurisdiction was enacted in 1925 and amended in 1949. 28 U.S.C. § 1254 provides:
Section 1254(1) represents the far more common route: certiorari, the source of nearly all the Supreme Court's current docket. Section 1254(2) represents a less common route: certification. Pursuant to § 1254(2), the Supreme Court heard 72 certified question cases between 1927 to 1936; 20 between 1937 and 1946; and only four between 1947 and 2010. In modern jurisprudence, § 1254(2) certification has become very rare. For example, when the en banc Fifth Circuit attempted to certify a question in 2009 (also a rare occurrence), the Supreme Court summarily declined to consider the case. Certified questions are also governed by Supreme Court Rule 19.
Analysis.
Several scholars have argued that certificates of division were pro forma, and that the judge and justice would merely agree to disagree, often without writing opposing opinions. For example, with the circuit court decision leading up to "United States v. Marchant" (1827), the reporter records that "he district judge concurred in this opinion; but as it was a matter of not infrequent occurrence, and important to the practice of the court, the judges afterwards divided in opinion for the purpose of obtaining a solemn decision of the superior court." Similarly, the "United States v. Ortega" (1826) circuit court opinion notes that the "point was taken to the supreme court upon a proforma certificate of a division of opinion in this court."
White writes that "the certificate of division procedure constituted the principal opportunity by which they could control their docket." It was common for Marshall Court justices, while riding circuit or on vacation, to exchange letters about cases in the circuit courts which might be appropriate for certificates of division.

</doc>
<doc id="36809632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809632" title="John Martin Taylor">
John Martin Taylor

John Martin Taylor, also known as Hoppin' John, is an American food writer and culinary historian, best known for his expertise on the cooking of the American South, and, in particular, the foods of the lowcountry, the coastal plain of South Carolina and Georgia. "The New York Times" referred to him as "the lowcountry food maven" in a 2006 travel article about Charleston’s culinary scene. He is often credited with restoring many traditional southern dishes, and he advocated the return to stone-ground, whole-grain, heirloom grits and cornmeal production. "Gourmet" magazine said of Taylor in a March 2006 article: "Artisanal food supplier and cookbook author John Martin Taylor...fueled the back-to-the-stone-ground-grits movement... Taylor's coarse grits and more finely ground cornmeal are used as polenta from Puglia to Puget Sound." "Charleston" Magazine named Taylor one of the city's Top 100 Most Influential people in its 337-year history: "Before Hoppin' John's Lowcountry Cooking was published in 1992, Charleston cuisine was unfocused. Thanks to Taylor, we took pride in our produce, seafood, biscuits, and sweet tea. And foodies of the world agreed." In an article that originally appeared in "The Atlanta Journal", the culinary historian Karen Hess is quoted as saying, "I don't know of anyone who has done more for Southern cookery." The author of the article added, "Taylor has a Capote-esque acid wit, boyish charm and all-consuming passion for food that has won the writer a faithful following."
Early years.
Taylor was born in Louisiana, but moved to the similar terrain of the South Carolina lowcountry when he was 3. The son of scientists, he spent much of his youth aboard the family’s boats. His mother was an adventurous cook and cookbook collector and his father was a wine lover. He earned an undergraduate degree in journalism from the University of Georgia (UGA) in 1971. For several years he freelanced as a photographer, and in 1977 he earned a Masters in Film, also from UGA.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Taylor lived in the Caribbean, Paris, and Genoa, Italy. In 1983 he joined the nascent staff of the French-language magazine, "Ici New York", as their American Liaison and Food Editor. He has written for "The New York Times", "Gourmet", "Bon Appétit", "Food & Wine", "The Washington Post", "Country Home", "The Journal of Gastronomy", "Gastronomica", "Fine Cooking", "Copia", and "Cooking Light".
Charleston Food & Wine Festival profiles John Martin Taylor's culinary history. John was profiled in his alma mater's "University of Georgia Magazine".
Bookstore.
In 1986, Taylor opened his culinary bookstore, Hoppin' John's, in downtown Charleston, South Carolina. He had begun researching the culinary history of the area after interviewing the scholar Karen Hess on the history of Thanksgiving. In 1989, Charleston was struck by Hurricane Hugo. Taylor wrote his first book in the year that his business was closed for repairs. He was instrumental in forming the downtown farmers’ market in Charleston, where he sold stone-ground grits and cornmeal. When he reopened the store, he expanded it to include a cooking school. He closed the storefront in 1999, but continues to sell his corn products online.
Cookbooks.
After "Hoppin' John's Lowcountry Cooking" (1992), Taylor wrote "The New Southern Cook" (1995), "The Fearless Frying Cookbook" (1997), and "Hoppin’ John’s Charleston, Beaufort & Savannah" (1997), which featured Taylor's photography as well as his history and recipes.
"Hoppin' John's Lowcountry Cooking", Taylor’s first book, was called "the prototype for any serious regional American cookbook" by Madeleine Kamman. His first book was included in a roundup of intellectual food books by "The New York Times" in 1992. Jeffrey Steingarten wrote an extensive article about Taylor and lowcountry cooking in the November 1993 "Vogue". In the article, he calls the book "Hoppin' John's Lowcountry Cooking" "the best regional cookbook in many years". 
The "Los Angeles Times" profiled him when the book was released in 1992, calling Taylor the "national champion of lowcountry cuisine". "Southern Living" Magazine calls the cookbook "scholarly" and includes quotes from chefs Sean Brock (of restaurants McCrady's and Husk) and Robert Stehling (of Hominy Grill) about Taylor's influence.
His second book, "The New Southern Cook", was included in a roundup of southern classics by "The New York Times" in 1995. "USA Today" included "The New Southern Cook" in their roundup of Critics' Choices for 1995-1996. For the article, "The Critics' Choice 1995-96", "Today's First Edition" and the "San Francisco Review of Books" presented favorite authors and books as selected by 25 media writers from U.S. magazines, newspapers and broadcast media. Edward Behr of The Art of Eating said of "The New Southern Cook": "There is simply no finer cookbook for the great food of coastal South Carolina".
The "New York Times Magazine" called "The Fearless Frying Cookbook" "extremely user-friendly" and it was predicted to "eventually become the bible on the topic". Ed Levine's "Serious Eats" site calls his book on frying "perhaps the definitive book" on the subject. "The Fearless Frying Cookbook" was also recommended by the "Los Angeles Times" as one of their best holiday gift books in 1997.
He was a founding member of the Southern Foodways Alliance.
"Gourmet" Magazine has mentioned, featured, and published articles written by Taylor beginning in the 1980s. Their online archives (which do not catalog these earlier articles) have included two articles from the 2000s that are written by Taylor: "Charleston's True Grits" and "Pretty in Pink".
Taylor continues to write about his life, travels, and meals on his blog, HoppinJohns.net. He is a consultant to the food industry and a popular speaker at museums and symposia throughout the country. In 2010, he spoke at the Historic New Orleans Foundation, Monticello, and the Smithsonian. He was also the Keynote Speaker at the International Corporate Chefs Association and Grand Marshall of Pig Island Celebration in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36809640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809640" title="LYNX1">
LYNX1

Ly6/neurotoxin 1 is a protein in humans that is encoded by the "LYNX1" gene. Alternatively spliced variants encoding different isoforms have been identified.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the Ly-6/neurotoxin gene family, a group of lymphocyte antigens that attach to the cell surface by a glycosylphosphatidylinositol anchor and have a unique structure showing conserved 8-10 cysteine residues with a characteristic spacing pattern. Functional analysis indicates that this protein is not a ligand or neurotransmitter but has the capacity to enhance nicotinic acetylcholine receptor function in the presence of acetylcholine. This gene may also play a role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis vulgaris.
The LYNX1 gene codes for a protein (Lynx1) that binds to acetylcholine receptors in the brain. Lynx1 a member of the Ly6 superfamily of proteins that are capable of modulating neurotransmitter receptors. Transgenic mice without Lynx1 expression do not have a normal critical period of neuroplasticity in the visual cortex for development of ocular dominance columns. These mice show unusually rapid recovery from amblyopia in adulthood indicating a role in reduction of synaptic plasticity during the normal expression of Lynx1 in adult brain. 
See also.
Other Ly6 family proteins that are expressed in the brain: Lynx2, LYPD6, LYPD6B and PSCA.

</doc>
<doc id="36809740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809740" title="Radioactive (Imagine Dragons song)">
Radioactive (Imagine Dragons song)

"Radioactive" is a song recorded by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP "Continued Silence" and later on their debut studio album, "Night Visions", as the opening track. "Radioactive" was first sent to radio on April 2, 2012 and again on October 29, 2012. Musically, "Radioactive" is an alternative rock song with elements of electronic rock and dubstep, while containing cryptic lyrics of apocalyptic and revolutionist themes.
The song received acclaim from critics who praised the production, lyrics, and vocals, calling it a highlight on the album. Due to heavy rotation on commercials and trailers, the song became a sleeper hit, peaking at number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and has so far spent more than a year and a half on that chart. It became their first top 10 single, and also broke the record for slowest ascension to the Top 5 in chart history. It currently holds the record for most weeks spent on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at 87 weeks. It was the third best selling song of 2013, and was also the No. 3 song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 2013, ending the year behind "Thrift Shop" and "Blurred Lines". The song has also reached No. 1 in Sweden and in the top 20 in several countries including Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, becoming their most successful single to date.
"Radioactive" received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance, winning the latter. This was Imagine Dragons' first time being nominated. During the broadcast, they presented a remix of the song with their Interscope label-mate and American rapper Kendrick Lamar, which was later released for purchase on iTunes.
Composition.
"Radioactive", which was written by Imagine Dragons themselves and co-written with producer Alex da Kid, is one of the more electronically influenced tracks on "Night Visions" as well as one of the darkest, similar to fourth track "Demons". The song has intense and powerful vocals. It also employs a fusion of the genres pop, rock and dubstep. The studio version is in the musical key of B minor. The song's lyrics speak of apocalyptic and revolutionist themes: 'I'm waking up to ash and dust' and 'This is it, the apocalypse'. Though the band has publicly maintained its secularity, NPR music critic Ann Powers has opined that the song features strong "religious or spiritual imagery", the likes of which have been common throughout the history of rock music.
Speaking on the song, front man Dan Reynolds said:
Critical reception.
"Radioactive" was released to critical acclaim. Anne Erickson of "Audio Ink Radio" gave the song a rating of 4.5 out of 5, calling it "hook-y emotional", and stated that the "drama" and "excitement" of the song would allow "Radioactive" to appeal to both alternative pop fans and hard rockers. "AbsolutePunk" gave a positive review, calling the acoustic section of the song "haunting", and called the chorus "hypnotizing". Dara Hickey of "Unreality Shout" also reacted positively, calling the song the "darkest moment" on the album, and stated that, like all the other songs on the album, "Radioactive" was successful in creating a sound that "never fails to take off and send fists skyward". "IGN" lauded the song, calling it "strangely intense and abrasive", and stated that "Radioactive" was "perhaps the greatest calling card of Imagine Dragons".
"Crave Online" called the song an "opening throb", saying that the song "sexes up the dub-flirtation with a verse hingeing on the line 'this is it, the apocalypse' and a triumphant chorus, with more than a few shades of Hip-Hop in the production", and that the song was as "radio-ready as they come". "Our Vinyl" stated that the "power of this song is outstanding with heavy drums and more of an electronic feel than the rest of the album and strong, impressive vocals from front-man Dan Reynolds which are reciprocated throughout the LP." "Billboard" magazine named it "the rock hit of the summer". "Rolling Stone" magazine named it "the biggest rock hit of the year".
However, listener feedback on the production quality has been mixed, with many saying the track sounds "distorted", "compressed", or otherwise commenting on the poor audio quality.
Commercial performance.
Radioactive debuted at 96 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 after the release of Night Visions in September 2012 and remained at the lower ends of the chart for some time. In April 2013, the song made its top ten debut at number 7, besting the number 15 position set by previous single "It's Time". In mid June, the song reached number four, breaking the record for the slowest ascension to the top five, besting the previous holder Florida Georgia Line's song "Cruise", which broke the record just three weeks earlier. Two weeks later, the song reached its peak at number three. The song has been certified 6x platinum by the RIAA. The song currently holds the record for the longest reign atop the "Billboard" Hot Rock Songs chart, with 23 weeks. It also holds the record for the longest reign atop the "Billboard" Rock Airplay chart, with 24 weeks.
The song is also the best-selling rock song in US digital history. It was the No. 2 Song of the Summer according to "Billboard" and spent 87 weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100, breaking the all-time chart longevity record, previously held by Jason Mraz's 2008 single "I'm Yours". It has sold more copies in a calendar year than any other song by a rock act in digital history. It was the third best selling song of 2013 with sales of 5,496,000 for the year. The single reached over 7 million digital copies in sales in the United States by May 2014, and became the ninth-best-selling download in the history of SoundScan and the best-selling rock song of all time in the United States.
The song has reached number one in Sweden and in the top twenty of several countries such as Australia, Canada, New Zealand as well as several parts of Europe. In the UK, the song debuted at 35 thanks to strong downloads from the Hear Me EP in November. After the release of "Night Visions" in April, the song peaked at number 12, becoming their highest charting single there.
Live performances.
The first televised performance of "Radioactive" was executed on the September 4, 2012 airing of ABC late-night talk show "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". The song was performed alongside then-current single "It's Time".
In February 2013, the band started the 145-date "Night Visions Tour", which saw the band perform across North America and Europe. During the North American leg, the band made their first national television appearance, performing "Radioactive" on the February 22, 2013 airing of CBS late-night talk show "Late Show with David Letterman".
In addition to performing the song on the March 28, 2013 airing of NBC late-night talk show "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", the band also performed "Radioactive" on the July 29, 2013 airing of NBC late-night talk show "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", following the historic performance of "It's Time" to an empty audience during Hurricane Sandy on the October 29, 2012 airing of "Late Night". They performed the song on "Saturday Night Live" with a guest performance by Kendrick Lamar on February 2, 2014, recreating their teamed performance of the song at the Grammy Awards the previous month.
Usage in media.
"Radioactive" was used heavily in promotion for the video game "Assassin's Creed III" and the 2013 film "The Host", and is included on the soundtracks for the video games "" and "NBA 2K14".
In addition to being featured in commercials for 2013 premiere shows on the History channel, the song has been used in various promos: "Chicago Fire", Run For Your Lives, the European Outdoor Film Tour, "Defiance" (as well as its tie-in video game), and "Graceland". The song was also featured in the commercial for Powerbeats by Dr. Dre and starring Lebron James. In the series "Arrow", "Radioactive" was also used during episode 22 of season 1.
It was used as the theme song for the "Combat Zone Wrestling" event Gge of Death XIV, TNA Wrestling PPV Slammiversary XI and for the 2013 television series "Inside Combat Rescue" on the National Geographic Channel. The song was also used by Sony for starting their E3 2013 press conference. The song was played during the end credits of the "True Blood" season 6 finale of the same name, as well as the HBO Go commercial that immediately preceded the episode. The song was used in a hype video for a Korean "League of Legends" tournament hosted by Ongamenet, to introduce the two final teams for their 2013-2014 winter season.
The song has served as St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Matt Holliday's walk up song during the 2013 season. It is also commonly played during warm ups at New England Revolution games. ESPN used the song to promote the October 14, 2013 Monday Night Football game between the Indianapolis Colts and San Diego Chargers. Additionally this song was used for NBA2K14.
The song was also used as the theme for the arrival of the damned on Earth in the TV series "The 100".
Music video.
The music video debuted on December 10, 2012. It was directed by Syndrome and features actors Lou Diamond Phillips and Alexandra Daddario and puppeteers by the studio Puppet Heap. The video revolves around a mysterious female drifter (Daddario) who is on a quest to save her friends (Imagine Dragons) from the perils of a sinister, underground puppet-fighting ring. The "Champion" of the fight, a large purple-colored beast, beats and kills innocent stuffed animals and puppets forced to fight. The woman's pink teddy bear puppet enters the ring and fights the "Champion", initially being beaten up. But after getting up from the ground, the teddy bear knocks out the main winner of the ring and disintegrates two bodyguards of the owner of the ring with laser vision. The woman then takes the key off the owner's chest and unlocks the band from the perils, and they all walk out, leaving the owner to be surrounded and attacked by the rest of the puppets that had been defeated earlier.
Speaking of the video to MTV, Reynolds said ' "We read through a ton of scripts from really talented directors, and we came across one that stood out to us in particular, because it put into visuals the general theme of the song, which is kind of an empowering song about an awakening, but it did it in a way that was very different,". "A lot of people probably see a post-apocalyptic world when they hear 'Radioactive,' understandably, but we wanted to deliver something that was maybe a little different from that ... a lot different from that."
Personnel.
Adapted from "Night Visions" liner notes.
Remix featuring Kendrick Lamar.
The "Night Visions" track was remixed by the band, featuring guest vocals from American hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar. The remix, while retaining most of the original track from "Continued Silence", was recorded by the band and Kendrick Lamar for release as a single. The single was released on January 27, 2014.
Live performances.
"Radioactive" was first performed by Imagine Dragons and Kendrick Lamar at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards, held at the Staples Center, Los Angeles on January 26, 2014. The song was performed in a mashup with Kendrick Lamar's "M.A.A.D City", a track from his Grammy-nominated album "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City". The song was performed by the duo again on the February 1, 2014 airing of NBC late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show "Saturday Night Live".
Personnel.
Partly adapted from "Night Visions" liner notes.
Other remixes and covers.
"Radioactive" was covered by American violinist Lindsey Stirling with Texan a cappella group Pentatonix and uploaded to Stirling's YouTube channel, becoming immensely successful and as of April 1, 2014 has 64 million views (original video has 156 million views on the same date). The recording subsequently earned a 2013 YouTube Award. Jason Derulo covered the song live on BBC. Daughtry covered the song live on SiriusXM. Lady Antebellum covered the song live backstage on their Take Me Downtown Tour and put the video on their YouTube channel.
Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation recorded a version on their cover album "The Q-Music Sessions" released in April 2013 and released again on their album "Hydra".
American post-hardcore band Our Last Night covered the song. 
Masha covered "Radioactive" on her popular YouTube channel on May 25, 2013, the video has received more than 50,000 views as of November 2013. The Radioactive Chicken Heads recorded a punk rock cover of "Radioactive" and released a music video for their version on YouTube. Ed Kowalczyk (of Live) covered the song for an Australian radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="36809750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809750" title="John Worgan">
John Worgan

John Worgan (1724−1790) was an organist and composer of Welsh descent. He is best known for playing the organ at Vauxhall Gardens, the London public pleasure garden in the mid 16th century.
Life.
Worgan was born in London in 1724. He was one of six children, although their birth order is unclear. Their father was a surveyor of Welsh or Cambrian ancestry.
He graduated with a bachelor's degree in music at St John's College, Cambridge in 1748, and with a doctorate in 1775.
Worgan married three times over his lifetime. He married, firstly, Sarah Mackelcan at St Peter le Poer, London, in 1753. He had nine children with his wife; among whom was George Bouchier Worgan (bapt. 3 May 1757 at St Andrew's church, Holborn), who was the naval surgeon on board the H.M.S. "Sirius" in the First Fleet to Australia, and Charlotte Sophia Worgan (bapt. 2 Sep 1761 at St Andrew's, Holborn) who married (at St Mary's church, Marylebone, in 1778) (Sir) Charles Parsons (d. 1817), later Master of the King's Band. Worgan obtained an Act of Parliament (9 Geo III c.57) in 1769 to divorce his wife for her adultery. He married, secondly, Eleanor Baston in 1770 (at St Andrew's, Holborn). He had two more children with Eleanor, the elder of whom was Thomas Danvers Worgan, subsequently a musicologist. He married, thirdly, Martha Cooke, a widow, in 1779 at St Mary, Aldermanbury.
John Worgan died at age 66 at Gower Street on 24 August 1790 or 1794 after "an operation for the stone." He was buried at St. Andrew Undershaft on 31 August. One of his favorite pupils, Charles Wesley (1757−1834), presided at the organ.
His grandson, George Worgan (born 1801 or 1802, died 1888), was a musician of sufficient caliber to warrant a notice in the "Musical Times" upon his death. George was an organist and pianoforte teacher, with a roster of students that included musicians' children and English nobility. After retiring around 1850, he emigrated to New Zealand, where he raised sheep and taught music until his death at age 86.
Organist.
John became a pupil of his brother, James, with instruction in harpsichord and organ. James Worgan (1715−1753) was an organist and cello player, including at Vauxhall Gardens from 1737 to 1751. John subsequently studied under organist Thomas Roseingrave and musical theorist/composer Francesco Geminiani. He also greatly admired the work of Domenico Scarlatti.
John Worgan became a skillful organist with many appointments. He succeeded his brother James as organist at St. Mary Undershaft with St. Mary Axe, about 1749; at Vauxhall Gardens, in 1751; and at St. Botolph, Aldgate, upon his brother's death in 1753. (Their sister Mary succeeded James as the organist at St Dunstan-in-the-East.) He subsequently became organist of St. John's Chapel, Bedford Row, in 1760. He held the post of "composer" to Vauxhall Gardens from 1753 to 1761, and again from 1770 to 1774.
He also acted as music editor for a number of his contemporaries.
Dr. Worgan was a founder of the Royal Society of Musicians of Great Britain.
Compositions.
As a composer Worgan was not considered great. His compositions, now forgotten, include two oratorios: ‘Hannah’ (King's Theatre, Haymarket, 3 April 1 764) and ‘Manasseh’ (Lock Hospital Chapel, 30 April 1766); ‘We will rejoice in Thy salvation,’ a thanksgiving anthem for victories (29 Nov. 1759); many songs for Vauxhall Gardens, of which thirteen books (at least) were published; psalm tunes, glees, organ music, and sonatas and other pieces for the harpsichord. Some of his manuscripts are in British Museum Addit. MSS. 31670, 31693, 34609, and 35038.
Worgan is persistently credited with having composed the Easter hymn ‘Christ the Lord Is Risen Today.’ The tune, however, appeared anonymously in "Lyra Davidica" (1708), sixteen years before Worgan was born.
Tributes.
Four interesting tributes demonstrate Worgan's remarkable powers as an organist, whose performances always attracted great crowds both of professors and amateurs:

</doc>
<doc id="36809766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809766" title="Mik Basi">
Mik Basi

Amrik "Mik" Basi (born 21 May 1966 in Forest Gate in east London) is a British boxing referee based at Fairbairn Boxing Club in Ilford in the London Borough of Redbridge. He took the Olympic Oath in the 2012 Summer Olympics on behalf of officials. During the Games he acted as referee or judge in both men's and women's boxing, and officiated a total of 38 matches including refereeing the men's light heavyweight final. He received the AIBA award as the top boxing official at the tournament.
Basi lives in North Stifford in Thurrock, Essex. His son Jacob is a former national amateur boxing champion. Basi has a brother, Jumbo, who is also a boxing referee.

</doc>
<doc id="36809767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809767" title="Mia Van Roy">
Mia Van Roy

Mia Van Roy is a Flemish film and television actress.
Biography.
She was born on October 15, 1944 in Turnhout, Belgium. Her husband is journalist Piet Piryns and her daughter is the Groen Senator, Freya Piryns.
Roles.
She starred in Dutch movies made for television and once doubled for the Flemish actress, Willeke van Ammelrooy in the Belgian remake of Fons Rademakers’ "Mira". She also starred in an episode of the 2011 French soap opera, "Louis la Brocante".

</doc>
<doc id="36809768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809768" title="Green Earth Appeal">
Green Earth Appeal

The Green Earth Appeal.
The Green Earth Appeal is a not for profit social enterprise that aims to use a multi pronged approach to help solve environmental and poverty issues.
Started as part of Alibaba.com’s Global Startup Challenge*, it was one of seven businesses launched on the opening day of the Global Entrepreneurship Week ,16th November 2009, at the British Library in London. The event was attended by Peter Jones (entrepreneur) (of BBCs Dragons Den fame), Simon Jack, Carl Schramm the Chief Executive of the Kauffman Foundation, Emma Harrison (entrepreneur) the founder A4E and Jim O'Neill (economist) the Head of Global Economic Research at Goldman Sachs
Mission Statement.
“As a partner of the United Nations Environment Programme our mission is to work with charities and NGO’s across Africa, Asia and Latin America providing food and supplying a means for rural communities to achieve economic stability through the promotion of agroforestry, while at the same time reducing the CO2 in the planet’s atmosphere.”
Initiatives.
The organization works with countries in the developing world that need help to thrive economically. This is achieved through various initiatives like Food For Thought, plant 10 free trees and the free to join Carbon free dining.
These initiatives encourage people to become environmentally conscious and educate them about the need for planting more trees. The main focus is on reducing the carbon footprint of people, businesses and restaurants while donating trees to some of the poorest communities in Africa, Asia and Latin America. The idea behind donating trees to these communities is to make them self sustainable.

</doc>
<doc id="36809790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809790" title="Houston's Whitebeam">
Houston's Whitebeam

Houston's Whitebeam, or Sorbus x houstoniae, is a hybrid of two deciduous trees, the Common Whitebeam ("Sorbus aria") and the Bristol Whitebeam ("Sorbus bristoliensis"). Only a single example of the hybrid is known to exist, at the Avon Gorge in Bristol, England. The only specimen grows on a cliff below Stokeleigh Camp at Leigh Woods in North Somerset and cannot be accessed without ropes.
Description.
The specimen is a small tree, at least 5 metres in height. Buds are oval to conical. The leaves of Houston's Whitebeam have a similarity to those of Bristol Whitebeam, although they are wider. The leaves are teardrop-shaped to teardrop-oval, and about 1.5 times as long as wide, with an apex that tapers to a long point and a base that is relatively wide. The leaves are shallowly, acutely lobed, 7–14% of the way to the central vein. The leaf margins are weakly doubly serrate. The upper surface is dark green and hairless, the lower greenish-white with matted plant hairs and between 17 and 22 veins that project at an angle of 32 to 39 degrees from the central vein. The petioles are 8 to 20 mm in length. The inflorescence measures up to 8 cm in diameter, with individual flowers 16–18 mm in diameter. The fragrant flowers have sepals that are narrow and triangular, and white petals that are widely oval to nearly round, 5.5–7.5 x 5.5–6 mm. The stamens are pink. The fruit are generally round, the largest up to 15 mm in diameter; mature fruit are orange-red with fully formed seeds. There is a moderate number of lenticels.
Discovery.
Houston's Whitebeam was discovered by Libby Houston, a research associate at the University of Bristol School of Biological Sciences. The rock climber found the rare hybrid on a Carboniferous Limestone cliff at Avon Gorge in 2005. DNA analysis of nuclear microsatellites at the University of Bristol was performed and confirmed the nature of the new hybrid. The tree was officially named after Houston in February 2009 in Volume 27, Part 3 of Watsonia, the journal of the Botanical Society of the British Isles. It is a member of the Sorbus latifolia group. The Somerset Rare Plants Group indicates that the tree's Red List status is critically endangered, although the site of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) indicates that the tree has not yet been assessed for the list, but is in the Catalogue of Life. The short film, "Houston's Whitebeam" "(link below)", which related the discovery of the tree, was a finalist in the ONSIGHT & Panasonic contest "Bristol's Best Kept Secret" at the Wildscreen Film Festival in 2008. The filmmaker proposed that Houston's Whitebeam was Bristol's best kept secret. The festival, hosted every two years by Bristol, was founded in 1982 and is dedicated to "celebrating, applauding and encouraging excellence and responsibility within the wildlife and environmental filmmaking industry."

</doc>
<doc id="36809795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809795" title="Viva Mars Vegas">
Viva Mars Vegas

"Viva Mars Vegas" is the eleventh episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom "Futurama". It originally aired on Comedy Central on August 22, 2012.
The episode was written by Josh Weinstein and directed by Frank Marino. Its opening sequence is constructed from plastic, cardboard, and model ships that "fly" on wires and rods.
Plot.
The Robot Mafia holds up an armored car and steals $8 million in cash, but jettisons it into a dumpster on Earth when the police give chase. Meanwhile, the Planet Express crew takes a vacation to Mars, planning to stay at Leo and Inez Wong's hotel and casino. Amy suggests that Doctor Zoidberg stay behind, given how poor he is. Disappointed, Zoidberg climbs into a dumpster, only to have the robbery money fall into his lap.
On Mars, Amy explains that her parents built their fortune thanks to her ancestor, Sir Reginald Wong, who swindled the native Martians out of their land. The Native Martians now work in the casino. She takes them on a tour of the high-security money room and its vault, patrolled by a blind Martian security guard named Blind Joe whose keen sense of smell alerts him to Bender's attempt to steal some cash. Zoidberg arrives, surprising the crew, and quickly turns his $8 million into more than $10 billion at the roulette tables. His next bet loses, costing him everything, but he tells the shocked crew that he has enjoyed himself and helped everyone else have a little fun as well.
Returning to the dumpster on Earth, he is confronted by the Robot Mafia, who threaten to kill him unless he returns the money. He escapes by squirting cephalopod ink on them and himself and running away. At Planet Express, as the crew recovers from a severe hangover, Professor Farnsworth uses a laser to make the ink in Fry's new facial tattoo invisible. A misfire hits Zoidberg, turning him invisible because of the ink covering his body. On Mars, the Robot Mafia forcibly takes over all of the Wongs' properties, leaving the family broke and homeless. Amy realizes that Zoidberg's invisibility gives them a chance to rob the casino and return it to its rightful owners.
The crew sneaks Zoidberg into the vault, using a batch of spoiled shrimp from the casino buffet to cover his natural body odor and foil Blind Joe. Zoidberg quickly swallows all the cash he can grab, along with a small box that, according to Amy, contains "the most valuable thing of all." The crew hurries to get him out as he starts to belch up the cash, but they are caught at the door by Blind Joe. Amy retrieves the box and opens it to reveal a document signed by Sir Reginald, which returns the land to its rightful owners (the Martians) after 100 years. Because that time has long since passed, Blind Joe and the Martians take ownership of the casino and throw the Robot Mafia out. In gratitude, they give the Wongs their ranch back along with their second casino called Wong Island.
Reception.
The A.V. Club gave the episode a B, preferring the four previous episodes over it.
"Viva Mars Vegas" had 1.071 million viewers and a 0.6 rating in the (18-49) demo. It was the highest-rated show on Comedy Central that night.

</doc>
<doc id="36809842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809842" title="Igwe Josiah Orizu II">
Igwe Josiah Orizu II

Igwe Josiah Orizu II (1902–1962) was the 16th Obi of Otolo and Isi-Obi of Nnewi kingdom. He took the ofo of Nnewi in 1924 after his father's death.
He was the first Igwe to officially become a Christian, although the traditional rulers of Nnewi are the ofo holders and as such, preservers and upholders of Nnewi culture and traditions.
He is the brother of Nigeria's first republic senate president and acting president, Prince Nwafor Orizu and the father of Igwe Kenneth Onyeneke Orizu III.

</doc>
<doc id="36809879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809879" title="2007 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season">
2007 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season

The 2007 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season was the second Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup season. The season began at Zandvoort on 28 May and finished on 21 October at Hockenheim, after sixteen races.
Motopark Academy driver Frank Kechele won the NEC championship title, having won eight races during the season, bringing the team their second successive drivers' championship title.
Standings.
Drivers.
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="36809917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809917" title="To Kwa Wan North (constituency)">
To Kwa Wan North (constituency)

To Kwa Wan North is one of the 22 constituencies of the Kowloon City District Council. The seat elects one member of the council every four years. The seat has continuously been held by Starry Lee since 1999. The boundary is loosely based on the Northern area of To Kwa Wan.

</doc>
<doc id="36809927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809927" title="The Wilderness Years">
The Wilderness Years

The Wilderness Years is a CD by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe. It was released in 1991 in the United Kingdom. It was not released in the United States. The album contains material recorded following the demise of the band Brinsley Schwarz, which featured Lowe as the singer and bass player, and before the release of Lowe's first solo album, "Jesus of Cool" (titled "Pure Pop for Now People" in the U.S.) in early 1978.
Three tracks were previously released on other albums, while others were issued on singles or EP's. "I Love My Label" was included on the 1977 Stiff Records sampler album "A Bunch of Stiff Records". "Rollers Show" and the studio version of "Heart of the City" were both included on "Pure Pop for Now People" (but were not contained on "Jesus of Cool").
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Nick Lowe, except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="36809948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809948" title="Night in paintings (Western art)">
Night in paintings (Western art)

The depiction of night in paintings is common in Western art. Paintings that feature a night scene as the theme are mostly portraits and landscapes. Some artworks involve religious or fantasy topics using the quality of dim night light to create mysterious atmospheres. They tend to illustrate the illuminating effect of the light reflection on the subjects under either moonlight or artificial light sources. 
Historical overview.
Beginning in the early Renaissance with artists such as Giotto, Bosch, Uccello and others; artists began telling stories with their painted works, sometimes evoking religious themes and sometimes depicting political battles, myths, stories and imagined scenes from history and from the bible, using nighttime as the setting. By the 16th and 17th centuries painters of the late Renaissance Mannerists and painters from the Baroque era like El Greco, Titian, Giorgione, Caravaggio, Frans Hals, Rembrandt, Velázquez, Jusepe de Ribera and others began to portray people and scenes in nighttime settings, illustrating stories and depictions of real life, both factual and imagined. 
18th century Rococo painters like Antoine Watteau, François Boucher, Jean-Honoré Fragonard, and others used the nighttime theme to illustrate vivid scenes of the imagination often with dramatic literary connotations; scenes of secret liaisons, affairs of the heart, and romantic relationships, scenes reminiscent of the popular 1782 book "Les Liaisons dangereuses" by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos. Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin, Jean-Baptiste Greuze, used the themes of nighttime to depict illustrations of ordinary life. Poet and painter William Blake and painter Henry Fuseli used the nighttime in their work as the setting for many of their most imaginative visions. The most dramatic use of the nighttime can be seen in the 1793 painting by Jacques-Louis David, called "The Death of Marat", portraying the French revolutionary leader Jean-Paul Marat after his murder by Charlotte Corday. The night in paintings of the 19th century was used to convey a complex of diverse meanings. The mystical, religious, and sublime reverence for nature seen in Caspar David Friedrich, Thomas Cole, Frederick Church, Albert Bierstadt, Albert Pinkham Ryder and others; to the powerful and dramatic romanticism of Francisco Goya, Théodore Géricault, and Eugène Delacroix, whose paintings of current events served as visual reportage, and in the case of Géricault revealed a scandal. Gustave Courbet along with the work of Honoré Daumier, Jules Breton, Jean-François Millet, and others created the Realist school intending to portray ordinary people and events hard at work, traveling, or just being engrossed in their everyday lives, at night and during the day. The Impressionists and Post-Impressionists of the late 19th century used the nighttime theme to express a multitude of emotional and aesthetic insights seen most dramatically in the paintings of Edgar Degas, Paul Cézanne, Vincent van Gogh and others.
Symbolism.
Black and grey shades often symbolize gloom, fear, mystery, superstitions, evil, death, secret, sorrow. The light source in most religious paintings symbolize hope, guidance or divinity. 
In fantasy paintings light could symbolize magic, like the following lines of a poem entitled "The Magic": "There's magic in this night, enshrouded in this night, hidden, like a lamp in an old man's robe, there's MAGIC."
History.
14th century.
Gaddi, "The Angelic Announcement to the Shepherds".
One of the first attempts in depicting night in paintings was by Taddeo Gaddi, an Italian painter and architect. Gaddi, fascinated by nocturnal lighting, depicted the effect of the light in the "The Angelic Announcement to the Shepherds" night scene. The fresco at Basilica of Santa Croce in Florence, Italy features an incandescent angel as it hovers over a shepherd. Against the night sky the brilliance of the angel's bright glow, likely intended as "verification of the presence of God and as a metaphor for spiritual enlightenment", appears to startle the shepherd. Gaddi's use of monochromatic colors in and around the shepherd reveals how the colors are made pale due to the remarkable illumination.
Giotto, "Crucifixion".
Giotto di Bondone (1266/7–1337), Taddeo Gaddi's teacher and godfather, created the fresco of "Crucifixion", one of the multiple frescoes that told the story of Christ's life, for the Arena Chapel. He depicts Christ on a cross, while the Virgin Mary is comforted by John. Kneeling at his feet is Mary Magdalene, and swirling in the sky above Jesus and the watching crowd's heads are a number of angels. Giotto depicts night and heaven through the use of a deep blue background in the fresco panel and use of stars in the otherwise blue ceiling. He was able to create depth and dimension through the use of incremental degrees of light and dark shades, the precursor to chiaroscuro. He also used light in a way to represent the divinity of people and angels from the Bible, as he did in other frescoes at Arena Chapel.
15th century.
The Western tradition began properly in the 15th century, especially with depictions in illuminated manuscripts of the biblical nighttime scenes of the Annunciation to the Shepherds in the Nativity story, and the Arrest of Christ and Agony in the Garden in the Passion of Christ.
Très Riches Heures, "Christ in Gethsemane".
In the book of miniatures, Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry, the scene of "Christ in Gethsemane" is an apcolyptic one which foretells the death of Christ, through the presence of three comets in the evening sky.
Uccello, "Niccolò Mauruzi da Tolentino at the Battle of San Romano".
"Niccolò Mauruzi da Tolentino at the Battle of San Romano" is one of a three painting series that captures the Battle of San Romano. The passage of time, from dawn to evening, is illustrated in the three paintings with the initial use of pale, pastel shades and increasingly darker tones as the battle progresses.
Geertgen, "Nativity at Night".
Influenced by a vision of Saint Bridget of Sweden (1303–1373), Geertgen tot Sint Jans's "Nativity at Night" depicts the infant Jesus who "radiated such an ineffable light and splendour, that the sun was not comparable to it, nor did the candle that St. Joseph had put there, give any light at all, the divine light totally annihilating the material light of the candle." Strengthening the message about the baby Jesus being the light source, Geertgen depicts the child as the only source of illumination for the main scene inside the stable. Aglow are the faces of the angels, St Joseph and Virgin Mary. Although the shepherds' fire on the hill behind and the angel outside the window create a light source, it's dim in comparison to that provided by the infant child. The sharp contrast of the divine light against dark is a tool used to make the scene appear more profound for its viewers. London's National Gallery describes Geertgen's work as: "one of the most engaging and convincing early treatments of the Nativity as a night scene.
"Annunciation to the Shepherds".
In the still of the night, the only source of light radiates in "Annunciation to the Shepherds" comes from an angel who has come to tell the shepherds of the birth of the infant Christ. The light is so brilliant that the Bethlehem shepherds must shield their eyes. Aside from the startling angel, the nocturnal painting is a pleasant, still pastoral scene with a group of angels in the distance.
16th century.
Dosso Dossi.
Dosso Dossi (c. 1490 – 1542), was an Italian Renaissance painter who belonged to the Ferrara School of Painting.
Albrecht Altdorfer.
Albrecht Altdorfer (c. 1480 - February 12, 1538) was a German painter, engraver and architect of the Renaissance of the so-called Danube School setting biblical and historical subjects against landscape backgrounds of expressive colours.
Giuseppe Cesari.
Giuseppe Cesari (c. 1568 – 3 July 1640) was an Italian Mannerist painter and instructor to Caravaggio.
17th century.
Adam Elsheimer.
Early Baroque artist Adam Elsheimer created night scenes that were highly original. His works departed slightly from other works of the Baroque period were dramatic and abundantly detailed. Baroque paintings featured "exaggerated lighting, intense emotions, release from restraint, and even a kind of artistic sensationalism". Elsheimer's lighting effects in general were very subtle, and very different from those of Caravaggio. He often uses as many as five different sources of light, and graduates the light relatively gently, with the less well-lit parts of the composition often containing important parts of it. 
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio.
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio was an Italian artist active between 1593 and 1610. His paintings, which combine a realistic observation of the human state, both physical and emotional, with a dramatic use of lighting, had a formative influence on the Baroque school of painting. Caravaggio's novelty was a radical naturalism that combined close physical observation with a dramatic, even theatrical, use of chiaroscuro. This came to be known as Tenebrism, the shift from light to dark with little intermediate value.
Ciro Ferri.
Ciro Ferri (1634–1689) was an Italian Baroque sculptor and painter.
Georges de La Tour.
Georges de La Tour was a French Baroque painter who painted mostly religious chiaroscuro scenes lit by candlelight, which were more developed than his artistic predecessors, yet lacked dramatic effects of Caravaggio. He created some of the most arresting works in this genre, portraying a wide range of scenes by candlelight from card games to New Testament narratives.
Aert van der Neer.
The Dutch Golden Age painter Aert van der Neer was a landscape painter, specializing in small night scenes lit only by moonlight and fires, and snowy winter landscapes, both often looking down a canal or river.
Anthony van Dyck.
Anthony van Dyck (22 March 1599 – 9 December 1641) was a Flemish Baroque artist and leading court painter in England.
18th century.
Joseph Turner.
Joseph Mallord William Turner (23 April 1775 – 19 December 1851) was an English Romantic landscape painter, who is commonly known as "the painter of light".
Joseph Vernet.
Claude-Joseph Vernet(14 August 1714 – 3 December 1789) was a French painter whose landscapes, including those of moonlights were popular with English aristocrats. His "The Port of Rochefort" (1763, Musée national de la Marine) is particularly notable; in the piece Vernet is able to achieve, according to art historian Michael Levey, one of his most 'crystalline and atmospherically sensitive skies'.
Joseph Wright.
Joseph Wright of Derby (3 September 1734 – 29 August 1797) was an English landscape and portrait painter who is notable for his use of Chiaroscuro effect, which emphasises the contrast of light and dark, and for his paintings of candle-lit subjects. Wright is seen at his best in his candlelit subjects. The "Three Gentlemen observing the 'Gladiator'" (1765). "A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery" shows an early mechanism for demonstrating the movement of the planets around the sun. "An Experiment on a Bird in the Air Pump" (1768) shows people gathered round observing an early experiment into the nature of air and its ability to support life.
These factual paintings are considered to have metaphorical meaning too, the bursting into light of the phosphorus in front of a praying figure signifying the problematic transition from faith to scientific understanding and enlightenment, and the various expressions on the figures around the bird in the air pump indicating concern over the possible inhumanity of the coming age of science.
19th century.
Théodore Géricault.
Théodore Géricault (26 September 1791 – 26 January 1824) was an influential French artist and one of the pioneers of the Romantic movement.
Atkinson Grimshaw.
Atkinson Grimshaw (6 September 1836 – 13 October 1893) was a Victorian-era artist known for his city night-scenes and landscapes. His careful painting and skill in lighting effects meant that he captured both the appearance and the mood of a scene in minute detail. His "paintings of dampened gas-lit streets and misty waterfronts conveyed an eerie warmth as well as alienation in the urban scene."
"On Hampstead Hill" is considered one of Grimshaw's finest works, exemplifying his skill with a variety of light sources, in capturing the mood of the passing of twilight into night. In his later career his urban scenes under twilight or yellow streetlighting were popular with his middle-class patrons. 
In the 1880s, Grimshaw maintained a London studio in Chelsea, not far from the studio of James Abbott McNeill Whistler. After visiting Grimshaw, Whistler remarked that "I considered myself the inventor of Nocturnes until I saw Grimmy's moonlit pictures." Unlike Whistler's Impressionistic night scenes Grimshaw worked in a realistic vein: "sharply focused, almost photographic," his pictures innovated in applying the tradition of rural moonlight images to the Victorian city, recording "the rain and mist, the puddles and smoky fog of late Victorian industrial England with great poetry."
Petrus van Schendel.
Petrus van Schendel (1806–1870) was a Dutch Romantic painter, etcher and draughtsman. Van Schendel specialised in nocturnal Dutch market scenes, exploring the effects the soft light had upon his subjects, as a result he was named Monsieur Chandelle by the French. Van Schendel was inspired by these famous forbears, but brought a unique nineteenth century mood to his night scenes. He eloquently captured the mysterious world of city markets illuminated by lamps and moonlight before the dawn.
James Abbott McNeill Whistler.
James Abbott McNeill Whistler (July 11, 1834 – July 17, 1903) was an American-born, British-based artist.
Whistler's ill-advised journey in 1866 to Valparaíso, Chile, resulted in Whistler's first three nocturnal paintings—which he termed "moonlights" and later re-titled as "nocturnes"—night scenes of the harbor painted with a blue or light green palette. Later in London, he painted several more nocturnes over the next ten years, many of the River Thames and of Cremorne Gardens, a pleasure park famous for its frequent fireworks displays, which presented a novel challenge to paint. In his maritime nocturnes, Whistler used highly thinned paint as a ground with lightly flicked color to suggest ships, lights, and shore line. Some of the Thames paintings also show compositional and thematic similarities with the Japanese prints of Hiroshige.
In 1877 Whistler sued the art critic John Ruskin for libel after the critic condemned his painting "". Ruskin accused Whistler of "asking two hundred guineas for throwing a pot of paint in the public's face." Whistler won the suit, but was awarded one farthing for damages. The cost of the case bankrupted him. It has been suggested John Ruskin suffered from CADASIL and the visual disturbances this condition caused him might have been a factor in his irritation at this particular painting. Whistler published his account of the trial in the pamphlet Whistler v. Ruskin: Art and Art Critics, included in his later "The Gentle Art of Making Enemies" (1890).
Famous examples.
"The Night Watch", Rembrandt van Rijn.
"The Night Watch (painting)" or "The Shooting Company of Frans Banning Cocq" by Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn is one of the most famous paintings in the world. One of its key elements is the effective use of light and shadow (chiaroscuro). Made in 1642, it depicts the eponymous company moving out, led by Captain Frans Banning Cocq (dressed in black, with a red sash) and his lieutenant, Willem van Ruytenburch (dressed in yellow, with a white sash). With effective use of sunlight and shade, Rembrandt leads the eye to the three most important characters among the crowd, the two gentlemen in the centre (from whom the painting gets its original title), and the small girl in the centre left background.
For much of its existence, the painting was coated with a dark varnish which gave the incorrect impression that it depicted a night scene, leading to the name by which it is now commonly known. The heavy varnish was only discovered in the 1940s and restoration began after 1975.
"The Third of May 1808", Francisco Goya.
"The Third of May 1808" by Spanish painter Francisco Goya commemorates Spanish resistance to Napoleon's armies during the occupation of 1808 in the Peninsular War. The painting's content, presentation, and emotional force secure its status as a groundbreaking, archetypal image of the horrors of war. Although it draws on many sources from both high and popular art, "The Third of May 1808" marks a clear break from convention. Diverging from the traditions of Christian art and traditional depictions of war, it has no distinct precedent, and is acknowledged as one of the first paintings of the modern era. According to the art historian Kenneth Clark, "The Third of May 1808" is "the first great picture which can be called revolutionary in every sense of the word, in style, in subject, and in intention". 
It is set in the early hours of the morning following the uprising and centers on two masses of men: one a rigidly poised firing squad, the other a disorganized group of captives held at gun point. Executioners and victims face each other abruptly across a narrow space; according to Kenneth Clark, "by a stroke of genius has contrasted the fierce repetition of the soldiers' attitudes and the steely line of their rifles, with the crumbling irregularity of their target." A square lantern situated on the ground between the two groups throws a dramatic light on the scene. The brightest illumination falls on the huddled victims to the left, whose numbers include a monk or friar in prayer. The central figure is the brilliantly lit man kneeling amid the bloodied corpses of those already executed, his arms flung wide in either appeal or defiance. 
The painting is structurally and thematically tied to traditions of martyrdom in Christian art, as exemplified in the dramatic use of chiaroscuro, and the appeal to life juxtaposed with the inevitability of imminent execution. However, Goya's painting departs from this tradition. Works that depicted violence, such as those by Jusepe de Ribera, feature an artful technique and harmonious composition which anticipate the "crown of martyrdom" for the victim.
The lantern as a source of illumination in art was widely used by Baroque artists, and perfected by Caravaggio. Traditionally a dramatic light source and the resultant chiaroscuro were used as metaphors for the presence of God. Illumination by torch or candlelight took on religious connotations; but in "The Third of May" the lantern manifests no such miracle. Rather, it affords light only so that the firing squad may complete its grim work, and provides a stark illumination so that the viewer may bear witness to wanton violence. The traditional role of light in art as a conduit for the spiritual has been subverted.
"The Starry Night", Vincent van Gogh.
"The Starry Night", made by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh, depicts his memory of the view outside his sanitorium room window at Saint-Rémy-de-Provence (located in southern France) at night. Although Van Gogh was not very happy with the painting, art historian Joachim Pissarro cites "The Starry Night" as an exemplar of the artist's fascination with the nocturnal. One of Van Gogh's most popular pieces, the painting is widely hailed as his "magnum opus".
"Nighthawks", Edward Hopper.
Edward Hopper had a lifelong interest in capturing the effect of light on the objects it touched, including the nighttime effect of artificial, man-made light spilling out of windows, doorways and porches. "Nighthawks" was probably Hopper’s most ambitious essay in capturing the night-time effects of man-made light. For one thing, the diner’s plate-glass windows cause significant light to spill out onto the sidewalk and the brownstones on the far side of the street. As well, interior light comes from more than a single lightbulb, with the result that multiple shadows are cast, and some spots are brighter than others as a consequence of being lit from more than one angle. Across the street, the line of shadow caused by the upper edge of the diner window is clearly visible towards the top of the painting. These windows, and the ones below them as well, are partly lit by an unseen streetlight, which projects its own mix of light and shadow. As a final note, the bright interior light causes some of the surfaces within the diner to be reflective. This is clearest in the case of the right-hand edge of the rear window, which reflects a vertical yellow band of interior wall, but fainter reflections can also be made out, in the counter-top, of three of the diner’s occupants. None of these reflections would be visible in daylight.
"The Empire of Light", René Magritte.
In his 1950 painting "The Empire of Light," René Magritte (1898–1967), explores the illusion of night and day, and the paradox of time and light. On the top half of his canvas Magritte paints a clear blue sky and white clouds that radiate bright daytime; while on the bottom half of his canvas below the sky, he paints a street, sidewalk, trees and houses all steeped in the darkness of night. The darkened trees and darkened houses appear to be in nighttime shadows, in the middle of the night; and the sidewalk streetlight is on to guide the way. Some of the questions implied by these pictures include is it nighttime? is it daytime? or is it just a painting? The Empire of Light is one of a series of paintings that René Magritte painted between 1950 and 1954 that explores his surrealist insight into illusion and reality, using night and day as his subject.

</doc>
<doc id="36809975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809975" title="Big Moon Ritual">
Big Moon Ritual

Big Moon Ritual is the debut studio album by American blues rock band Chris Robinson Brotherhood. It was released on 5 June 2012, and was recorded at the same time as their second album, "The Magic Door".
Track listing.
All songs by Chris Robinson, except where noted.
"Rosalee", "Star or Stone", "Tomorrow Blues" and "Reflections on a Broken Mirror" published by Psychedelic Hippopotamus (BMI). "Tulsa Yesterday", "Beware, Oh Take Care" and "One Hundred Days of Rain" published by Psychedelic Hippopotamus (BMI)/Grand Island Music (ASCAP).

</doc>
<doc id="36809990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36809990" title="Arlington, Florida">
Arlington, Florida

Arlington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810005" title="Mahmud ibn Ali al-Qashani">
Mahmud ibn Ali al-Qashani

Mahmud ibn Ali al-Qashani (Arabic: محمود بن على بن محمد القاشانى ) a Sufi scholar and Islamic author from Kashan, Persia.
He died in 735 H.E. / 1335 A.D.
His works.
1. Lubab al-Qut Min Khaza'in al-Malakut, completed in 1320s.
2. Sharh Ta'iyah ibn al-Farid (The commentary on Ibn Farid's poem Ta'iyah)
3. Sharh al-Khamariyah (The commentary on Ibn Farid's poem al-Khamariyah)
4. Misbah al-Hidayah wa Miftah al-Kifayah

</doc>
<doc id="36810024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810024" title="Debub Misraqawi Zone">
Debub Misraqawi Zone

Debub Misraqawi (or "Southeastern") or Zoba Enderta is one of Zones in the Ethiopian Region of Tigray. Debub Misraqawi is bordered on the south by Debubawi (Southern) Zone, on the southeast by the Amhara Region, on the northeast by Mehakelegnaw (Central) Zone, on the north by Misraqawi (Eastern) Zone, and on the east by the Afar Region. Mek'ele Special Zone is surrounded by Debub Misraqawi. Debub Misraqawi was separated from Debubawi Zone.
Demographics.
As the zone was created after the census of 2007 it's hard to find correct data about the population of zone. The estimated size of population according to 2007 census conducted by the CSA is 392,142, of which 21,125 or 5.39% were urban dwellers.

</doc>
<doc id="36810026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810026" title="Doris Neal">
Doris Neal

Doris M. Neal (August 30, 1928 – July 7, 2012) was an infielder and outfielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 4", 128 lb., she batted and threw right handed.
Doris Neal was a light-hitting batter during her two seasons in the league.
Born and raised in Lincoln Park, Michigan, she was the daughter of Jacob and Agnes (née Carlisle) Neal. She spent most of her career at third base, but was also used as a replacement in the outfield and as a pinch-hitter.
Neal entered the league in 1948 with the Springfield Sallies, playing for them in 97 games as part of an infield that included Mildred Meacham at first base, Evelyn Wawryshyn at second, and June Schofield at shortstop. Neal posted a .153 average and stole 23 bases in 122 games, driving in 28 runs and scoring 27 times, while 11 of her 62 hits were for extrabases.
She opened 1949 with the Grand Rapids Chicks, appearing sparingly in 58 games as a replacement player.
In 1988, she was honored along with the rest of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during the opening of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York.
Doris Neal was a long time resident of Sarasota, Florida, where she died at the age of 83.
Career statistics.
Batting 
Fielding

</doc>
<doc id="36810034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810034" title="Kevin Harvey">
Kevin Harvey

Kevin Harvey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810042" title="Ralph Scozzafava">
Ralph Scozzafava

Ralph Scozzafava is an American business executive best known for his position as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Furniture Brands International.
Early Life and Career.
Scozzafava attended the University of Pacific where he majored in business and played college basketball. He went on to receive an MBA from Rhode Island University. Scozzafava took his first job with Warner Lambert in 1982 and spent the next decade in business management with companies including Johnson & Johnson and Clorox. From 1996 to 2000 Scozzafava served in various executive positions at the Campbell Soup Company. In 2000 he joined the confectionary company Wrigley in their US business unit. He was Vice President, U.S. Sales and Customer Marketing from 2001 to 2002, Vice President and General Manager for U.S. from 2002 to 2003, Vice President and Managing Director for North America/Pacific from 2004 to 2006, and Vice President of Worldwide Commercial Operations from March 1, 2006 to February 1, 2007, when he left the company. During his tenure he became a public face for the company, addressing news outlets including CNN, and was charged with managing a $5 billion business with over 10,000 employees.
Furniture Brands International.
From June 2007 to April 2008 he then served as Vice Chairman of Furniture Brands International and became Chief Executive Officer of the company on January 1, 2008. On May 1, 2008 he also became Chairman of the Board. Scozzafava took the position as CEO after a six month apprenticeship in the furniture industry under prior Furniture Brands International CEO Mickey Holliman, during which time he held the title of CEO-designate. His first two years with the company resulted in a financial turn-around for the firm. In 2010 he signed a three year contract extension through June 30, 2013. He is also a Director of Stage Stores Inc. and the American Home Furnishings Alliance, Inc. On November 25, 2013, after its bid for Furniture Brands, KPS Capital Partners announced Scozzafava's resignation.
Philanthropy.
Ralph Scozzafava serves as a director for the St. Louis YMCA. His past positions have included Chairman of the Board for Keep America Beautiful Inc, and as a director of the Boston-based Center on Media and Child Health, and the Chicago-based Heartland Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="36810046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810046" title="ARHGAP29">
ARHGAP29

ARHGAP29 is a gene located on chromosome 1p22 that encodes Rho GTPase activating protein (GAP) 29, a protein that mediates the cyclical regulation of small GTP binding proteins such as RhoA.
Function.
ARHGAP29 is expressed in the developing face and may act downstream of IRF6 in craniofacial development.
Structure.
ARHGAP29 contains four domains including a coiled-coil region known to interact with Rap2, a C1 domain, the Rho GTPase domain, and a small C-terminal region that interacts with PTPL1.
Clinical Significance.
The 1p22 locus containing ARHGAP29 was associated with nonsydromic cleft lip/palate by genome wide association and meta-analysis. A follow-up study identified rare coding variants including a nonsense and a frameshift variant in patients with nonsydromic cleft lip/palate. The finding of ARHGAP29's role in craniofacial development was discovered after the adjacent ABCA4 gene lacked functional or expression data to support it as the etiologic gene for nonsydromic cleft lip/palate even though SNPs in the ABCA4 gene were associated with cleft lip/palate.

</doc>
<doc id="36810057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810057" title="Sam and the Womp">
Sam and the Womp

Sam and the Womp are a three piece music group from the United Kingdom who formed in 2009. Their music mixes traditional elements of Balkan music with modern electronic and dance elements. Their music was largely popularised by BBC Radio 1 with a heavy promotion of their debut single "Bom Bom". This was released as a digital download on 19 August 2012 and went to the number one spot in the UK Singles Chart. As of 2012, they are signed to Stiff Records.
The band consists of Bloem de Ligny as lead singer, who is also a solo artist; Sam Ritchie on brass; and Aaron Horn (son of record producer Trevor Horn).
Music career.
Formation.
Sam and the Womp was formed in September 2009 when Ritchie's band Qdos joined forces with Horn.
2012–present: Debut single.
Initially signed to Stiff Records, Sam and the Womp released "Bom Bom" under a licensing deal with One More Tune on August 20, 2012. The track gained further momentum after being used to soundtrack an international TV advertising campaign for Southern Comfort. Les Mills uses it for their biceps workout track in Body Pump. The song is also featured in the game "Forza Horizon", on the Channel 4 TV show "Big Fat Gypsy Weddings", and in an episode of the CBS TV program "Elementary". Kmart Australia also featured the song in their 2013 series of TV commercials. The song has also been used in a series of Canadian TV commercials for the Joe Fresh line of clothing. The track went to number one in the UK Official Singles Chart in its first week of release.
"Bom Bom" was produced by music producer and film composer Raz Olsher at Fossil Studios in Hackney, London; it was co-produced by Horn and Ritchie. The song is credited to Horn, Ritchie, de Ligny and Olsher.

</doc>
<doc id="36810062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810062" title="1966 in British music">
1966 in British music

This is a summary of 1966 in music in the United Kingdom. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810065" title="Fact Checkers Unit">
Fact Checkers Unit

Fact Checkers Unit ("FCU") was originally a short film featured in the 2008 Sundance Film Festival starring Bill Murray, and was later turned into a branded entertainment series for Samsung Mobile.
Plot.
"Fact Checkers Unit" is a short television series where the audience follows two overzealous fact checkers, Dylan (Brian Sacca) and Russell (Peter Karinen), who travel the world and stop at nothing to check and confirm every celebrity fact—no matter how big, how small, or how obscure. During their adventures, Dylan and Russell are each assisted by their Samsung Galaxy Note, the branded product.
Cast.
The series also features a number of celebrities playing characters with the same name as themselves.
Development and release.
Samsung aided in the co-development of the script in order to illustrate specific key elements of the Galaxy Note.
The "FCU" pilot episode was aired on August 17, 2010, and the first season was broadcast from August 17, 2010 to September 24, 2010. The second season aired from December 12, 2011 to May 25, 2012. Each episode is roughly four minutes long. "FCU" features celebrity guests including T-Pain, Moby, Zach Gilford, and James Franco.
"FCU" videos were originally available on-line and on mobile devices through MTV's international websites. Social media campaigning aided in the popularity of the show. Season 2 of "FCU" generated over 9 million global views within six weeks. The series has been shared through entertainment, tech, and music sites as well as publication such as Variety magazine, The New Yorker, and The Los Angeles Times.
Festivals and Awards.
"FCU" has been shown in six different languages and has participated in film festivals such as SXSW, MIPTV, the 2008 Sundance Film Festival, the Geneva Film Festival, and the BANFF World Media Festival. In the 2011 BANFF Television Festival, "FCU" won the BANFF Rockie Award for "Best Branded Entertainment" for the episode, "Fear of Flying".
Episodes.
Unknown Season.
"Three-Pain" (19 December 2011)

</doc>
<doc id="36810067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810067" title="R Equulei">
R Equulei

R Equulei is a M-type star, while also a Mira variable, is located in the constellation Equuleus. Not much is known about the star.

</doc>
<doc id="36810083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810083" title="Marcel Jacobo Laniado de Wind">
Marcel Jacobo Laniado de Wind

Marcel Jacobo Laniado de Wind (June 4, 1927 - August 8, 1998) was an agricultural engineer and banker who held a number of important public and private positions in Ecuador. He was a humanist, and a public figure in Ecuador for his efforts to improve the country.
He founded both the "Banco de Machala," which helped develop the trade of bananas in the El Oro Province of Ecuador, and later in 1971 founded "Banco del Pacifico." He was known for creating credit approval policies friendly to all economic groups, including loans for small farmers and small businesses; microcredit for artisans and low income people. He was influential in bringing internet to much of Ecuador in the early 1990s. From 1984 to 1986, he served as Ecuador's Minister of Agriculture under Leon Febres Cordero, as well as a number of other positions.
Early life, education.
Marcel Jacobo Laniado de Wind was born on June 4, 1927 in Guayaquil, Ecuador. His father, Maurice Jacob Laniado Hassig, was born in French Algeria, and had both Jewish roots and roots in Haifa in Palestine (of the Ottoman Empire). Laniado Hassig emigrated to Ecuador via Manaus, Brazil, and began living in a Jewish community in Quito. There Laniado Hassig met and married Fredika Wind Davila, a Dutch-Jewish woman who was born in Quito. Fredika Wind Davila's father was Maurice de Wind, a Dutch Jew, and her mother was Mercedes Davila Peñaherera of Quito.
Laniado Hassig started his career as a dealer and mechanic. He and his wife later moved to Ancon, a small city in the Guayas Province, where the British oil company company Anglo Ecuadorian Oilfields Limited established its camp for all its personnel. According to Marcel Laniado de Wind, his father moved to the camp for protection against the epidemics sweeping Ecuador, as at the time Ancon was an island of development and health. There Laniado Hassig established the only hotel managed by a non-native, and also opened a small general store. Laniado Hassig soon pursued trading in the South border town Santa Rosa, El Oro Province, despite the wishes of his wife. He began importing textiles and livestock.
At this time, three of his four children were born. Marcel was born in 1927, Cecilia was born in 1928, Marta was born 1930, and Rodrigo was born 1933. Marcel Laniado de Wind attended elementary school at the camp in Anco, and later boarded at La Salle School in Quito, where he completed secondary studies.
In 1941, at age 14, Marcel Jacobo Laniado de Wind and his family were forced to seek refuge in Zaruma in the Province of El Oro during the Pervuian invasion of Ecuador, the family lost its home and belongings. After the invasion Hassig and family moved momentarily to Guayaquil, and then to Machala in the El Oro Province where they started from scratch. In Machala, his father began making iron components for ice makers and gasoline pumps, and put together an ice maker factory and a gas station as a distributor for the British company Anglo Ecuadorian Oilfields, and managed to save enough to educate the children, chiefly in culture and Jewish tradition. After the war, his mother Wind Fredika of Laniado had to recreate personal documents and re-obtain a passport. She changed her name to Harriet instead of Fredika and was affectionately called "Rica".
Laniado de Wind's status as a child of immigrants, with a name that few locals could pronounce, framed him as an outsider. He admired the positive qualities of the social and economic elites in Ecuador, but observed vices and defects that created inequality and impeded the country's progress.
He completed undergraduate studies at the Pan American Agricultural School at El Zamorano, Honduras, where he graduated in 1949 with a degree in agronomy. That year he returned to Machala. His father died a few months later, and at 22 years old he became head of the household and the family business. He helped care for his young siblings and helped educate Cecil in the United States and Rodrigo in Chile.
Mayor of Machala.
At 30 years old, in 1957, he became president of the Machala Rotary Club, and spearheaded paving the first three streets in the city after raising money from the Municipality and the Development Bank. According to de Wind, "That made the machaleños think I could be a good mayor." He decided to run for office, and his win was considered an upset to the political order of the time, which was dominated by families with tight political and economic control of the region. As mayor of Machala, he depoliticized fiscal and municipal actions, and focused on infrastructure for drinking water, telephone communications, and wastewater management.
Banco de Machala.
The Province of El Oro was isolated from the rest of Ecuador many years after the Peruvian invasion in fear of a new invasion, which kept private investors away from the region. Public investment was also minimal, particularly the construction of roads. The only alternative to a long land route via the town of Cuenca to Machala is maritime transport via the Gulf of Guayaquil. After the war with Peru, a fear of a new invasion kept investors away from the region. Attention from both the private and public sector was minimal. According to Laniado de Wind, "When I returned from school...I found conditions ripe for agricultural development. But there was no bank to pay services. running for Governor, I promised first that I would get a bank to open a branch in Machala. It proved impossible as no banks were interested. So I created one."
He ceased to be Governor in 1962, and after fund-raising five million sucres using local capital, he founded the Banco de Machala later that year. It was the first and to date the only Machalan bank started with local funds. Within a few months the bank had a large modern building in Machala, which was comparable to major bank buildings of the time in cities such as Quito and Guayaquil.
Laniado de Wind's stated goal was to create a trustworthy bank that was not dominated by elite families, and that would encourage private investment to help develop the province. Unlike other Ecuadorian banks of the time, individual shareholders did not control the bank.
He created gender-blind lines of credit for small and medium banana and coffee crop farmers. He also modernized processes of credit approval and the management of depository accounts. At the time, the bank's semi-automatic payment of checks was unique in the country.
He also helped establish cooperative public trade unions in Ecuador such as the General Union of Teachers. This allowed the quality of education in the region to remain stable, even when the government routinely generated financial stoppages. This helped minimize strikes.
Alamos Agricultural Society.
Around 1964, a partnership 75% Esteban Quirola Figueroa and 25% Marcel J Laniado acquired 11,000 Has. of a farm called "Los Alamos" located in Guayas Province, Churute Region, between the Gulf of Guayaquil and a town called Puerto Inca, a farm originally owned by Standard Fruit Company (later known as Dole), the largest independent producer of bananas in the world. Laniado de Wind was the first General Manager.
Basically Standard Fruit Company was losing this farm with a Communist labor Union, which did not allow working properly on the farm, low morale and a German origin manager incapable to bring the farm up to good production. Under this circumstances Standard Fruit Company proposed for Laniado de Wind to buy the property.
Laniado spoke fondly of "Los Alamos" as his favorite project. Under his management, the property began producing an average of 125,000 annual weekly boxes of bananas from a banana plantation of 3,000 Has. A new method of protection for each finger of the banana clusters was developed, allowing minimum shrinkage and high quality; a new banana packing plant design took place; new banana production methodology, new irrigation systems, etc. The technologies applied in Alamos soon became standard practices in Ecuadorian farming. In addition and in order to diversify a 300 Has. of oranges were planted; a 100 has. of vegetables were planted, and a ranch of 7,500 Santa Gertrudis cattle for beef was added, which routinely won awards at livestock fairs for the best specimen of the breed. 
He organized the estate to fit the needs of employees, and the farm had a commissary, infirmary, church, cinema, and parks for workers. A team of resident physicians provided the workers and their families with free health care. In addition, all employee children had to attend the in-house based school, which at the time had a top curriculum, including the practice of the English language as a mandatory course.
It installed a rural telephone network, linking offices, houses and other buildings of the farm, for internal use, and connect with the rest of the country or internationally. this infrastructure were not found in other farms or rural towns in Ecuador at that time, was the first of its kind.
Natural areas such as the Churute Park Reserve were set aside and protected from poaching. The location focused on sanitation and clean water, and had an at the time innovative trash collection system.
Banco del Pacifico.
During 1970 and 1971 Marcel Laniado de Wind and his main partner Esteban Quirola developed different visions of the farm and bank business. Laniado de Wind proposed to his partner to either buy or sell the farm shares from or to him. Quirola agreed to sell to Laniado de Wind his 75% shares of the farm for an agreed price, as a "gentlemen's agreement." Quirola had already started to buy Banco de Machala shares from other shareholders and became the majority shareholder. Laniado de Wind traveled to New York to talk to contacts at Citibank for financing to buy Alamos. Standard Fruit Company committing to retain a percentage of the banana box price to repay the loan to Citibank, the loan was approved. Laniado de Wind returned to the country to close the deal, but Mr. Quirola changed his mind and decided to buy Laniado de Wind's 25% instead. Marcel Laniado de Wind resigned the day after Quirola's actions, selling his stake in Hacienda Los Alamo, resigning as General Manager of Los Alamos, and leaving his post as General Manager of Banco de Machala.
The day after resigning he started the process of founding a new bank. He presented the project to private investors and friends and convinced 447 investors to contribute 40 million sucres, and also to form the initial list of shareholders. On April 10, 1972, he went public with Banco del Pacifico.
The business model was revolutionary for its time. Other banks at the time were owned by elite family groups or institutions, and access to services and credit was typically reserved for social classes or groups the bank owners were familiar with. In contrast, Banco del Pacifico proposed to serve all social and economic groups, and their slogan was "In the Banco del Pacifico you do not need to be a friend of the manager." The bank also democratized shareholding, as compared to allowing just a few shareholders to control the bank. Returns were not offered directly to a potential shareholder, who were instead motivated by the reward of helping develop the country. This business model remains unique in Ecuador.
Laniado de Wind claimed this system relied on the integrity of the singular banker, who was there to simply manage the resources of others while owning no shares. In this way, no shareholders could unduly influence the management of the bank. "We have a million customers with deposits exceeding six trillion sucres. One manages the resources of the people and those resources cannot be used in personal business. We have no business. I have no shares in anything with anybody, and nobody can say 'I'm your partner.'" This allowed the bank to have a unique level of transparency within the financial system of Ecuador.
In 1972 a military coup ended the last Velasco period, initiating the country's oil era and the development of the state as an entrepreneur with strategic resources. The Banco del Pacifico began to provide credit and resources to regions that had previously been neglected, chiefly serving the middle class and the onslaught of private entrepreneurial companies appearing in the 1970s and 1980s. The bank grew extremely quickly, becoming one of the largest banks in the country, and eventually the largest.
Advances.
Laniado de Wind gained a reputation as an innovator in developing electronic banking products. In 1975 Banco del Pacifico installed the first computer system in Ecuadorian banking, with a network of five line terminals. He also helped introduce the Audiomático, phone banking, Telebán, Intermático, computer banking, internet banking, and helped advance the processing of receipts and payments so that transactions could be completed from home or the office 24 hours every day.
In 1977 the bank established the Artisan Credit program, later renamed Credit to the Community. This program was unique in its kind, only also offered by the Ford Foundation. This program provided micro loans to artisans in more deprived peripheral regions of the country. The loans were made without collateral or targeted preferential interest rates, with the warranty and ability to pay determined by references from within the artisan community. The bank managed the loan and provided assistance with accounting if needed, and helped create accessible systems for the time and amount of payment.
"With its unique philosophy of providing greater access to credit to all sectors of the economy, including artisans and small businesses and becoming a catalyst for development of the country, the Banco del Pacifico revolutionized the financial system." The program was the flagship of Marcel Laniado de Wind, as he felt it justified the rationale for the bank. This program came to move from status to about 600 artisans to micro entrepreneurs per semester.
In 1979 it installed the first ATM Bancomático in the country, which was also the first in South America. 1980 Banco del Pacifico was the first and only financial institution that offered a loan program for studies in foreign universities.
He also promoted the Swift system for Ecuador. The company installed the first Foreign Currency computer system, and later through the promotion of a third party created the Foreign Currency Trade market among Banks in Ecuador. After analyzing how gold was traded, and the complaints of small gold producers, the Bank installed the first gold buying program to small producers, and in few months became the major exporter of Gold in Ecuador, until a few years that Banco Central changes the rule and the Gold business was no longer was possible.
EcuaNet.
In Ecuador, the first institution to provide access to the Internet was Ecuanex, an Internet node established in 1991 by the Agency for Electronic Communication Corporation, or Intercom. This network is part of the global network for Global Communications Institute / Alliance for Progressive Communications (IGC / APC), which provides this service to NGOs and development."
In 1992, Laniado created a subsidiary of Banco del Pacifico called EcuaNet, whose purpose was to provide Internet service to Ecuador via a second node. It was especially intended to be free for educational institutions and non-profit organizations. Already a year before the first Internet node had been formed and developed, Ecuanex offered the service solely to nonprofit institutions in Quito such as Accion Ecologica, ALAI, CAAP, CITY, CONUEP, FLACSO, and the Universidad Andina Simon Bolivar.
Subsidiaries.
Under his leadership, Banco del Pacifico constituted a number of domestic and foreign subsidiaries.
The Pacifico Financial Group constituted Ecuador's largest, under the leadership of Marcel Laniado de Wind. The Pacific Group created the Huancavilca Foundation. The formation of neighborhood shops with access to competitively priced food was the central goal of the foundation. It considered stores a basis for community development, by selling quality food for the lowest possible price. The Foundation developed the first Community Development Center in Guasmo, south of Guayaquil.
Huancavilca Foundation also provided banking services to the community served by the school by moving the ominous presence of chulqueros (loan sharks). It included a collection center for recyclable materials, distribution of construction materials, and the develop of pharmacy and mail services and public telephones.
Laniado de Wind remained a supporter of his alma mater, the Escuela Agricola Panamericana in Zamorano, Honduras.
In 1996 Laniado de Wind and Zamoranos founded the Wilson Popenoe Foundation, with the sole purpose of funding scholarships for Ecuadorians to assist to Zamorano. It started with an endowment from Wilson Popenoe "Doris Stone" to finance the education of Ecuadorians in El Zamorano, with the Banco del Pacifico intervening as a counterpart. When he was minister of agriculture in 1984, he obtained a U.S. Aid fund for the same purpose. He later became a member of the Board of Trustees of El Zamorano in Boston, USA.
After Laniado de Wind's death, Banco del Pacifico didn't survive the 1998–99 Ecuador banking crisis, and the Bank went into the Government hands.
Government positions.
Minister of Agriculture.
From 1984-1986 he was Minister of Agriculture in the administration of Leon Febres Cordero. In the short period that he served as minister, he established significant changes in the sector. Established a weekly official price in USD for a box of bananas. He also determined the actual import cost to produce a box of bananas. He formed the Agricultural Commodity Exchange. He worked on controlling smuggling and encouraging domestic production.
He modernized the transparency of the Institute for Agrarian Reform, and put in place clear policies and rules on the import of the basic family basket of food.
During the Sixto Duran Ballen Government Laniado de Wind was President of CONAM, a government agency dedicated to planning for the development of Ecuador, and prioritizing main developments projects such as improving the Ecuadorian mail system, improving the Communication System, and planning Ecuador Highway infrastructure among other things.
Other positions.
In the Guayaquil Welfare Board ("Junta de Beneficencia de Guayaquil"), he served as a board member and director of the lottery. In that position, he pushed for the modernization of lottery printing, and introduced to new lottery types.
He was also the president of CEDEGE on two occasions, a government institution devoted to the coast hydroelectric power plant and irrigation systems. The institution had been plagued by delays in implementation, with projects often postponed and forgotten by successive public administrations. Laniado focused on finishing those projects, and a number of projects were named after him, including the hydroelectric plant, the dam that serves the irrigation system for the Santa Elena Peninsula, The Potable water plant for the Peninsula de Santa Elena, and The Bulubulu flood control system. These were chief development projects in Ecuador in the 80's and 90's.
Career positions.
Positions.
He has held the following positions:
Death.
He died in Houston, Texas on August 8, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36810100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810100" title="Andrew Taylor (cricketer)">
Andrew Taylor (cricketer)

Andrew Taylor (20 April 1838 – 5 April 1901) was an English cricketer. Taylor was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm roundarm medium. He was born at Camberwell, Surrey.
Taylor made a single first-class appearance for Surrey against the South in 1865 at The Oval. Surrey won the toss and elected to field first, with the South then making 196 all out, with Taylor taking the wicket of opening batsman Charles Payne to finish the innings with figures of 1/13 from ten overs. In their first-innings, Surrey were dismissed for 135, with Taylor being dismissed for a single run by George Bennett. The South responded in their second-innings by making 165 all out, setting Surrey a target of 227 for victory. Surrey reached 37/2 in their second-innings chase, at which point the match was declared a draw. This was his only major appearance for Surrey.
He died at Aston, Warwickshire, on 5 April 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="36810103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810103" title="Parties in the European Council during 1998">
Parties in the European Council during 1998

This article describes the party affiliations of the leaders of each member-state represented in the European Council during the year 1998. The list below gives the political party that each head of government, or head of state, belonged to at the national level, as well as the European political alliance to which that national party belonged. The states are listed from most to least populous. More populous states have greater influence in the council, in accordance with the system of Qualified Majority Voting. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810107" title="Gregory King (sound designer)">
Gregory King (sound designer)

Gregory King is a sound designer and the owner of King Soundworks.
Career.
Gregory King was born in 1966 in Montreal, Quebec. King's first professional job in sound design came in 1986, when he was hired by seasoned film sound editors Nolan Roberts and Alban Streeter. That year he started out as a sound effects editor for episodes of the television shows "Night Heat" on CTV and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". The beginning of his career largely focused on sound design within the television industry and playing in bands as a musician in Toronto. During the late 1980s he worked in sound design at Filmhouse, a studio now known as Deluxe Lab, and in 1991 formed the feature film sound editorial firm Sound Dogs with partner Nelson Ferreira.
Over the first decade of his career King worked as a sound editor on television shows including "Friday the 13th: The Series", "War of the Worlds", "", "Top Cops", "Sweating Bullets", "Secret Service", and "Side Effects". He also worked as Supervising sound editor on films including "The Harvest", "Conflict of Interest", "The Chase", and "The Santa Clause". In 1994 he moved to Los Angeles, forming Sound Dogs US in 1995 with fellow sound designers Robert Grieve and Robert Nokes and launching a large online sound effects archive in May 1997 called Sounddogs.com. In the late 1990s the projects King was involved with as Supervising sound designer included "The Craft", "The Cable Guy", "Ghosts of Mississippi", "The American President", "Father of the Bride Part II", "Very Bad Things", "Homegrown", "The Insider", and "Fantasia 2000". "The Insider" was nominated for an Oscar for Best Sound in 1999. King's work on the film involved a great amount of artistic freedom, as he worked with director Michael Mann. Other directors King has worked with include Peter Berg, Steven Spielberg, and James Mangold.
In the late 2000s King formed a sound design firm called The Dawgs Sound Design, which later became King SoundWorks. Since 2000, the films he worked on as Supervising sound designer included "Ali", "Red Dragon", "The Family Man", "Friday Night Lights", "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Beerfest", "The Kingdom", "Hancock", and "Battleship". He has also worked as a sound editor on television programs including "Friday Night Lights" and "Parenthood".

</doc>
<doc id="36810110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810110" title="Mason (given name)">
Mason (given name)

Mason is a traditionally masculine given name, although recently the name has been used for either sex. Its origin is from the occupational surname Mason, which means "one who works with stone".
The popularity of the given name has risen in recent years, becoming the second most popular boy's name in the United States in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36810130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810130" title="Urushringa">
Urushringa

An urushringa is a subsidiary tower pasted against the main tower (sikhara) in the Hindu temple architecture. The urushringa is lower and narrouwer than the sikhara. It strengthens the feeling of height given by the temple. We find them on the temple of northern India in the Nagara architecture.
On the Kandariya Mahadeva Temple in Khajuraho there are 84 urushringas around the sikhara.

</doc>
<doc id="36810131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810131" title="Gilaneh, Ilam">
Gilaneh, Ilam

Gilaneh (, also Romanized as Gīlāneh) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810133" title="Rome municipal election, 2013">
Rome municipal election, 2013

Municipal elections were held in Rome on 26–27 May 2013 and a second round was held on 9–10 June, at the same time as other Italian local elections.
The outgoing Mayor of Rome, Gianni Alemanno (PdL), stood for election for a second term as mayor. The center-left candidate, heart surgeon Ignazio Marino was be chosen by a multi-party primary election on 7 April 2013. Control of the 15 "municipi" of the Italian capital was decided in the election. The number of "municipi" had been cut down from 19 in March 2013. Also 48 Councillors were elected to Rome City Council ().
As a result of the election, Ignazio Marino was elected with a large majority and his center-left coalition controls 29 seats against for the center-right coalition.
Background.
Despite Alemanno had repeatedly stated its intention to hold primary elections to choose the candidate of the center-right coalition, on 2 September 2012 he announced his candidacy as mayor of Rome.
On the contrary, the center-left coalition decided to hold the primary election on 7 April 2013 to decide its mayoral candidate. There were 6 main candidates: 5 from Democratic Party and one from Left Ecology Freedom.
Among the most popular candidates there were Ignazio Marino, heart surgeon and senator, who was candidate in the 2009 Democratic Party leadership election, David Sassoli, journalist and MEP since 2009, and Paolo Gentiloni, former Minister of Communication (2006-2008) in the Prodi II Cabinet. On 7 April Marino won the election and became the official candidate of the center-left coalition.
Voting System.
The voting system is used for all mayoral elections in Italy, in the city with a population higher than 15,000 nhabintants. Under this system voters express a direct choice for the mayor or an indirect choice voting for the party of the candidate's coalition. If no candidate receives 50% of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round after two weeks. This gives a result whereby the winning candidate may be able to claim majority support, although it is not guaranteed.
For "municipi" the voting system is the same, not referred to the mayor but to the president of the "municipio".
The election of the City Council is based on a direct choice for the candidate with a preference vote: the candidate with the majority of the preferences is elected. The number of the seats for each party is determined proportionally.
"Municipi" election.
Reduced from 19 to 15 in March 2013, "municipi" are governed by a president and a council of four members who are elected by its residents every five years. The "municipi" frequently cross the boundaries of the traditional, non-administrative divisions of the city.
In this election all 15 "municipi" were won by the center-left coalition, composed by Democratic Party and Left Ecology Freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="36810141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810141" title="Knölker complex">
Knölker complex

The Knölker complex is an organoiron compound, which is a catalyst for transfer hydrogenation. The complex features an hydroxycyclopentadienyl ligand bound to an Fe(CO)2H centre. It is generated by the corresponding cyclopentadienone tricarbonyl by treatment with base followed by acidification. The compound is related to the organoruthenium compound called Shvo's complex, a hydroxycyclopentadienyl derivative that also functions as a catalyst for hydrogenation.

</doc>
<doc id="36810150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810150" title="Gilaneh">
Gilaneh

Gilaneh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810159" title="Jol Khvor">
Jol Khvor

Jol Khvor (, also Romanized as Jol Khowr; also known as Chaulak, Chavlak, Chovalk, and Chūlak) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810190" title="2011 Women's Australian Open (squash)">
2011 Women's Australian Open (squash)

The Women's Australian Open 2011 is the women' edition of the 2011 Australian Open, which is a tournament of the WSA World Series event Gold (Prize money : 74 000 $). The event took place in Canberra in Australia from 9 August to 14 August. Nicol David won her first Australian Open trophy, beating Jenny Duncalf in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2011, the prize purse was $ 74,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36810192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810192" title="Hajji Hazer">
Hajji Hazer

Hajji Hazer (, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ḩāẕer; also known as Ḩājī Āzar, Ḩājjī Āzar, Mazār-e Ḩājjī Bābā Ḩāzer, Mazār-e Ḩajjī Hazār, Mazār Hāji Hazār, and Mazār Ḩājjī Hazār) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810204" title="Zimoun">
Zimoun

Zimoun (born 1977) is a Swiss artist who lives and works in Bern, Switzerland. As self-taught artist, he is most known for his sound sculptures, sound architectures and installation art that combine raw, industrial materials such as cardboard boxes, plastic bags, or old furniture, with mechanical elements such as dc-motors, wires, microphones, speakers and ventilators.
Life & Work.
Although he was never formally trained in the arts, Zimoun has received numerous prizes for his work and has exhibited internationally. “Since a little kid I have been interested in exploring sound, playing instruments and creating compositions in addition to visual arts such as paintings, cartoons, photographs and so on,” Zimoun explains in an interview, “from a very early age I was fascinated and somehow obsessed by being active in all these fields; sound, music and visually realized projects. Now, through my sound sculptures and installations many of these interests are coming together.” Zimoun also mentioned composer and artist John Cage whose work and thoughts he often studied during his younger days.
Through the use of industrial objects and found materials, Zimoun’s work reconsiders the place technology holds in daily life, conjuring nostalgia for obsolete devices. His sculptures reference the chaos of the modern day, while retaining the order of minimalism. His oeuvre includes his celebrated architectural interventions and sound sculptures, as well as a variety of audio works that expand on the traditions of lowercase music, sound art, and minimal techno.
Architectural Interventions and Sound Sculptures.
Zimoun's sound sculptures and architectural interventions combine visual, sonic, and spatial elements. He's using simple mechanical systems to transform and activate the space. "By arranging industrially produced parts according to seemingly simple rules, he creates closed systems that develop their own behavior and rules similarly to artificial creatures", as Node10 describes his work in the exhibition "abstrakt Abstrakt" (2010). "Once running, they are left to themselves and go through an indeterminable process of (de)generation. These quasi autonomous creatures exist in an absolutely synthetic sphere of lifeless matter. However, within the precise, determinist systems creative categories suddenly reappear, such as deviation, refusal and transcience out of which complex patterns of behavior evolve." Or, as bitforms gallery explains, "Zimoun builds architecturally-minded platforms of sound to explore mechanical rhythm and flow in prepared systems. In an obsessive display of simple and functional materials, these works articulate a tension between the orderly patterns of Modernism and the chaotic forces of life".
Regarding often used elements of chance in his work, Zimoun explains in an interview (2011): "I’m interested in a mix of living structures on the one hand, and control about decisions and details on the other. A combination of structures continuously generating or evolving by chance, chain reactions or other generative systems, and a specifically delimited and contained space in which these events are allowed to happen. The compositional intentions are manifesting themselves through my deliberate containment and cautious monitoring. So I’m not using chance to discover unexpected results, but to elevate the works to a higher level of vitality."
Featured in the group show, "Nostalgia Machines" (2011) at David Winton Bell Gallery, "150 prepared dc-motors, filler wire 1.0 mm." (2011), consists of small motors hanging at the ends of wires attached to the wall, causing the motors to bang against the wall and, according to Cate McQuaid of the "Boston Globe", make the sound of a “drenching rainstorm - a trigger for associations of threat and cozy shelter.” 
His work also brings to mind the constant hum of machines and electronics in modern life. By “re-contextualiz material as much it does sound,” Zimoun’s work shifts the viewers’ relationship with technology and reminds them of the motors and materials that move everyday life. In his 2012 solo show in NYC at bitforms gallery, "Volume", Zimoun built an almost floor-to-ceiling room composed of cardboard boxes. The piece, "294 prepared dc-motors, cork balls, cardboard boxes 41x41x41cm" (2012), just as the title suggests, is composed of card board boxes, each with a small motor attached to it, from which hangs a wire with a cork ball on the end. The motors cause the balls to continuously bounce against the boxes. As Hannah Daly of Art Slant notes, “The effect is initially so ambient, so close to the near constant aural din we intake at every moment, you could miss it.” As The Ringling Museum of Art explains, Zimoun’s sculptures create “unique sensory experiences redefining traditional notions of sculpture and sonic performance.” 
His work explores the nature in industrial materials, and the industrial in nature. He not only evokes, or mimics the sounds of nature through the use of archaic materials, but at times even combines elements of nature with equipment, as in "25 woodworms, wood, microphone, sound system" (2009), which amplified the sound of live woodworms.
Audio Work.
Largely related to his sound sculptures are Zimoun’s audio works, often engineered with a similar variety of found industrial and natural materials. Zimoun explains that his compositions “create static sound architectures and spaces, to enter and explore acoustically like a building.” Since 2006 most of his compositions and performances are based on ambisonics techniques using multi channel technology.
In 2003 Zimoun and Marc Beekhuis, a Swiss graphic designer, formed the record label, "Leerraum [ ]", which provides a “platform for creative exchange among artists, designers, architects.” Zimoun has also performed at contemporary music and art venues such as the List Art Center, Providence (2012), Mois Multi, Quebec (2011), Transmediale, Berlin (2009), Elektra, Montreal (2008), Sonic Acts, Amsterdam (2008), and ISEA Singapore (2008), among others.
Exhibitions.
Zimoun’s work was a success in his hometown of Bern, where Don Li (composer/musician), a Swiss composer and musician, first showed it in his art space TONUS-MUSIC Labor. In recent years, as his notoriety has increased, Zimoun has gained international recognition, especially in Europe and the United States. Most notably he’s had solo shows at Galerie Denise René, Paris, France (2012), bitforms gallery, NY (2012), Museu da Imagem e do Som, São Paulo, Brasil (2012), The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art, FL (2011), Contemporary Art Museum MNAC, Bucharest, Romania (2011), and the Art Museum Liechtenstein, Liechtenstein (2010). He’s also been included in group shows at the Nam June Paik Art Center, Soeul, Republic Korea (2012), Kuandu Museum of Fine Arts, Taipei, Taiwan (2012), Vasarely' Fondation, Aix en Provence, France (2010), Ars Electronica, Linz, Austria (2010), and Kunsthalle Bern, Switzerland (2008), among others.
His solo show at the Ringling Museum of Art (2011) was his first solo museum exhibition in the United States. Curated by Matthew McLendon, "Zimoun: Sculpting Sound" included five large installations spanning five of the museum’s rooms.
Exhibitions (selection):
Resources.
Official website Zimoun
Zimoun's Vimeo Page (video archive)
Images of Zimoun's Work
Zimoun Artist Page, bitforms gallery
Zimoun Video Page, bitforms gallery
Klanten, S. Ehmann, V. Hanschke (ed.), A Touch of Code: Interactive Installations and Experiences, (Berlin: Gestalten, 2011), pp. 42–43.
Mancuso, Marco, “Sound Organisms in Evolution,” Digimag, No. 61, February 2011, web.
Poviña, Oscar Gomez, “Noise Structures,” Vnfold Magazine, July 12, 2010.
Rodda, Corey Rae, “Zimoun modern art exhibition opens at Ringling Museum of Art,” New College of Florida student newspaper, October 23, 2011, web.
Rife, Susan, “Sculpting Sound,” Herald Tribune, October 14, 2011, web.

</doc>
<doc id="36810211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810211" title="Thomas Wormald">
Thomas Wormald

Thomas Wormald (1802−1873) was an English surgeon.
Life.
Born at Pentonville, London, England in January 1802, was son of John Wormald, a partner in Messrs. Child's bank, and of Fanny, his wife. He was educated at Batley grammar school in Yorkshire, and then by W. Heald, vicar of Birstal. He returned to London in 1818, and was then apprenticed to John Abernethy the surgeon to St. Bartholomew's Hospital. His master soon employed him to make preparations for his lectures, to teach the junior students, and to assist Edward Stanley (1793−1862), the demonstrator of anatomy in the medical school, in preserving specimens for the Pathological Museum. Wormald found time during his apprenticeship to visit the continental schools.
Wormald was admitted a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England in 1824, and Abernethy, who was at this time contemplating the resignation of his anatomy lectureship, made arrangements for Wormald to become the demonstrator of anatomy in place of Stanley, who was to be promoted to the lectureship. But when the time arrived for making the appointment Frederic Carpenter Skey was elected demonstrator, and in October 1824 Wormald was nominated house-surgeon to William Lawrence, then newly appointed surgeon to St. Bartholomew's Hospital. In 1826, Wormald was appointed jointly with Skey to give the anatomical demonstrations, and in 1828, when Skey temporarily left the hospital to join the Aldersgate Street school of medicine, Wormald continued to act as sole demonstrator, a position he held for fifteen years. He was elected assistant surgeon to St. Bartholomew's Hospital on 13 February 1838, but it was not until 3 April 1861 that he became full surgeon to the charity. Five years later, on 9 April 1867, he had reached the age of sixty-five, at which the hospital regulations compelled him to resign office. He was appointed consulting surgeon, and retired to his country house in Hertfordshire.
At the Foundling Hospital he was surgeon from 1843 to 1864, and his services were so highly appreciated that he was chosen a governor in 1847. At the Royal College of Surgeons of England Wormald held all the important offices. Elected a fellow in 1843, he was a member of the council, 1849−67; Hunterian orator in 1857, examiner 1858−68, and chairman of the midwifery board in 1864. He was a vice-president in 1863−4, and he was elected president in 1865.
He died at Gomersal in Yorkshire, during a visit, on 28 December 1873, and is buried in Highgate Cemetery. He married Frances Meacock in September 1828, and by her had eight children.
Wormald was the last of the apprentices of John Abernethy, and at his death the last link was snapped which connected St. Bartholomew's Hospital with Hunterian surgery. As a teacher of surgical anatomy Wormald has seldom been surpassed; as a surgeon he was a perfect assistant, while his mechanical genius enabled him to excel in the manipulative parts of his art. His surgical teaching was strictly clinical. He was a pertinent and ready public speaker.
Works.
Wormald published (with A. M. McWhinnie) "A Series of Anatomical Sketches and Diagrams with Descriptions and References", London, 1838; reissued in 1843. These sketches are true to nature and are not overloaded with detail.
References.
. Additional facts kindly given by the late P. H. Wormald, esq., and by Robert Grey, esq., treasurer of the Foundling Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="36810223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810223" title="Chato, Tanzania">
Chato, Tanzania

Chato is a town in Geita Region of northwestern Tanzania, East Africa. It is the administrative centre for Chato District.
History.
Prior to 2012, Chato, along with Chato District, was part of Kagera Region.

</doc>
<doc id="36810244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810244" title="Autechre discography">
Autechre discography

English electronic music duo Autechre have released eleven studio albums, more than a dozen EPs, and a handful of singles.

</doc>
<doc id="36810257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810257" title="William Kexby">
William Kexby

William Kexby MA (aka William de Kexby; fl. 1376–1379) was a late 14th-century Master of University College, Oxford, England.
Kexby was a Fellow of University College and he subsequently became Master of the College. In 1379, he was Archdeacon of Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="36810271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810271" title="Protoplane Ultra">
Protoplane Ultra

The Protoplane Ultra is a French ultralight aircraft, designed and produced by Protoplane of Bagnères-de-Bigorre. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The Ultra was designed as a highly efficient aircraft, to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a cantilever low-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy, fixed tricycle landing gear with wheel pants and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from composites. Its span wing employs a Wortmann FX 66-17All-182/26 airfoil, has an area of and flaps that have deflections of 0°, 15° and 35° available. The standard engine provided is the Jabiru 2200 four-stroke powerplant.
The Ultra achieves a fuel economy of 12l/h (43 mpg) at 220 kph (137 mph).

</doc>
<doc id="36810276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810276" title="Holy Trinity Russian Orthodox Church">
Holy Trinity Russian Orthodox Church

Holy Trinity Russian Orthodox Church is a Russian Orthodox church of located in Baltimore, Maryland. The church was founded by ethnic Russian immigrants from Belarus.
History.
The founders of Holy Trinity were ethnic Russians who were immigrants from Belarus. The church building was constructed sometime before or after the Civil War to serve a Methodist congregation. During the 1890s the church building was acquired by Lutherans and served as a Lutheran church until it was purchased by the Russian émigré community on February 9, 1919. The started to decline in numbers after the 1930s due to many Russian-Americans in Baltimore moving to the suburbs, leaving a smaller, aging congregation.
The church holds an annual Russian Festival in order to celebrate Baltimore's Russian heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="36810282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810282" title="Environment Act">
Environment Act

Environment Act may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810299" title="Giada">
Giada

Giada is a feminine Italian given name meaning "jade".

</doc>
<doc id="36810300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810300" title="Langley McArol">
Langley McArol

Langley McArol is an American actor known for his quick wit, subtle and deadpan comedic deliveries, a genuine empathy, and instant audience likability. A character actor of Television, Film, Commercials and voice acting. Additionally, he is a produced Screenwriter, and an award-winning independent filmmaker. He has appeared on such hit series' as, One Tree Hill, Going to California on Showtime, Dawson's Creek, and the ABC Family movie Teen Spirit. As a voice actor, he has provided the English-version dub of several characters in the You're Under Arrest series, Virtua FIghter, and most notably as the voice of Idomu Yudaiji in Clamp School Detectives from Bandai.
A survivor of a rare childhood malignant tumor, diagnosed at infancy. 
Langley attended Ohio University and Shawnee State University, where he studied Theatre, Music Theory, and Social Science. Later, receiving an Audition Scholarship to the studio acting program of the American Musical & Dramatic Academy in the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
His birthplace is Albuquerque, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36810353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810353" title="Artist Point">
Artist Point

Artist Point is a cliff on the south rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone due west of Yellowstone Falls on the Yellowstone River in Yellowstone National Park. The point was originally named in 1883 by Frank Jay Haynes who improperly believed that the point was the place at which painter Thomas Moran sketched his 1872 depictions of the falls. Later work determined that the sketches were made from the north rim, but the name "Artist Point" stuck.

</doc>
<doc id="36810376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810376" title="138th Georgia General Assembly">
138th Georgia General Assembly

Overview.
The 138th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 7, 1985, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta. The 138th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 137th and served as the precedent for the 139th General Assembly in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36810383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810383" title="1999 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
1999 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Olivier Delaître and Fabrice Santoro were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Piet Norval and Kevin Ullyett won in the final 4–6, 7–6(7–5), 7–6(7–4), against Wayne Ferreira and Sandon Stolle.

</doc>
<doc id="36810384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810384" title="Arnaldo Sialle">
Arnaldo Sialle

Arnaldo Adolfo Sialle (born 21 November 1965) is a retired football defender who played in the Argentine Primera División and the Mexican Primera División and a football manager.
Career.
Born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Sialle began playing professional football with Newell's Old Boys in the Primera División. He made 29 league appearances and scored two goals for the club from 1985 to 1989. In 1989, Sialle moved to Mexico where he played two seasons with Deportivo Irapuato. He would finish his playing career with Caracas F.C. in Venezuela.
After he retired from playing, Sialle began coaching football. He was an assistant to Belgrano de Córdoba manager Dalcio Giovagnoli during 2008 and 2009. Sialle also managed lower-division side Guillermo Brown de Puerto Madryn, leading the club to promotion from the Torneo Argentino A as the 2010–11 season champions. However, he resigned from the club after struggling in the Primera B Nacional September 2011. Soon after, he was appointed manager of Talleres de Córdoba in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36810398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810398" title="GreenLight Laser Therapy">
GreenLight Laser Therapy

GrenLight Laser Therapy uses a laser beam to remove prostate tissue. The laser treatment is delivered through a thin, flexible fiber, which is inserted into the urethra through an instrument called a cystoscope.
GreenLight Laser Therapy has been increasingly performed as an alternative to transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP) in order to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia with several studies demonstrating comparable results with fewer side effects and complications. Typically, it is an outpatient procedure which provides immediate relief of lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). It is a virtually bloodless procedure and may be suitable for patients who cannot undergo traditional surgery. GreenLight has well-documented safety and success data since 1997 and has treated more than 500,000 patients worldwide. Cost analyses have shown GreenLight to be less costly than traditional surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="36810399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810399" title="Pinocchio (1967 film)">
Pinocchio (1967 film)

Pinocchio is an East German film. It was released on November 3,1967. Released in the USA in February 1969.
Summary.
A master carpenter creates a wooden puppet named Pinocchio. Through the course of the story, the puppet begins to act lifelike, develops a mind of his own, and wishes to be a real boy. He even goes to school with real children, but is kidnapped and sold into slavery along with his friend Pippifax, so Pinocchio's creator/father, named Papa Gepetto, sets out looking for him. Pinocchio rescues his friends and himself from the clutches of the evil Stromboli, and rescues his father from the belly of a giant fish. In the end, Pinocchio gets his wish and turns into a real, flesh-and-blood boy.
References.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062400/
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062400/combinedhttp://www.whosdatedwho.com/tpx_731347/pinocchio/
http://www.kiddiematinee.com/p-pin67.html

</doc>
<doc id="36810401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810401" title="Las Termas Airport">
Las Termas Airport

Termas de Río Hondo Airport () is an airport in Santiago del Estero Province, Argentina serving the city of Termas de Río Hondo. It was built between 2010 and 2012.
It was built and it is run by Aeropuertos Argentina 2000. The airport was inaugurated on 24 July 2012 by the president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner; one month later the first flight from Buenos Aires landed at the airport.
Up to the late 70's, there was an airport here, but it was closed, as both Santiago del Estero, away from Termas de Río Hondo, and San Miguel de Tucumán, away, had airports with paved runways (Vicecomodoro Ángel de la Paz Aragonés Airport and Teniente Benjamín Matienzo International Airport, respectively).

</doc>
<doc id="36810424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810424" title="Tagiades parra">
Tagiades parra

Tagiades parra is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies in the genus "Tagiades". It is found from Sikkim and Assam to Indochina and all throughout maritime Southeast Asia. The species was first described by the German entomologist Hans Fruhstorfer in 1910 as a subspecies of "Tagiades gana". The type specimens were collected from Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia. The species name is from Latin "parra", a supernatural bird (usually an owl or a crow) bringing ill omen.
It has since been recognized as a separate species and four subspecies are included under it:
"Tagiades parra" can be distinguished from other species of "Tagiades" by the absence of hyaline spots in space 11 over the cell spot, and spaces 2 and 3 in the forewings. A dark spot on space 6 on the upper side of the hindwing is closer to the edges (termen) than to the origin of vein 7. The hind tibiae of males also lack hair pencils.

</doc>
<doc id="36810432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810432" title="Mining Software Repositories">
Mining Software Repositories

The Mining Software Repositories (MSR) field analyzes the rich data available in software repositories, such as version control repositories, mailing list archives, bug tracking systems, issue tracking systems, etc. to uncover interesting and actionable information about software systems, projects and software engineering.
Definition.
Herzing and Zeller define ”mining software archives” as a process to ”obtain lots of initial evidence” by extracting data from software repositories. Further they define ”data sources” as product-based artefacts like source code, requirement artefacts or version archives and claim that these sources are unbiased, but noisy and incomplete.
Tools.
Experimentation Tools.
Trace lab.

</doc>
<doc id="36810447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810447" title="Slovenia women's national volleyball team">
Slovenia women's national volleyball team

The Slovenia women's national volleyball team represents Slovenia in international women's volleyball competitions and friendly matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36810452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810452" title="Griffins RFC">
Griffins RFC

Griffins RFC is a Finnish rugby club in Kotka. 
History.
The club was founded in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36810465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810465" title="Manuela (given name)">
Manuela (given name)

Manuela is a feminine Spanish and Portuguese given name. The name is a variant of the masculine "Manuel", which is in turn derived from the Hebrew name "Emanuel", meaning "God is with us".

</doc>
<doc id="36810468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810468" title="Jesus Piece">
Jesus Piece

Jesus Piece is the fifth studio album by American West Coast hip hop recording artist The Game, released on December 11, 2012 and his last release on Interscope Records. Within a three-year gap between Game's third album, "LAX" (2008), and his follow-up, "The R.E.D. Album" (2011), before the latter was finally released in August 2011. The R.E.D. Album was a fall from his previous three released album sales, but became Game's third number one album on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. Shortly after the release of the long delayed album, Game announced he had begun work on his fifth studio album. The album was originally meant to be titled "Soundtrack to Chaos", then was changed to "F.I.V.E. (Fear is Victory's Evolution)" and finally "Jesus Piece" becoming Game's first concept album.
Game explained the concept of "Jesus Piece" does not have a spiritual theme, but it would have a "Gangster" theme of enjoying life while also having faith in God. "Jesus Piece" was Game's first album since the multi-platinum selling and critically acclaimed "The Documentary", to feature production from Dr. Dre. Game announced on social media that every Sunday leading up to the album that he would be dropping new music, which failed to make the album's final cut. Game compared the album's quality of production and high number of guests to his mentor Dr. Dre's "The Chronic 2001".
"Celebration" was released as the album's lead single. The song features additional vocals from fellow rappers Lil Wayne, Chris Brown, Tyga and Wiz Khalifa. "Celebration" managed to attain chart success, debuting at number 82 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "All That (Lady)" featuring Big Sean, Lil Wayne, Fabolous and Jeremih would be released as the second single and peak at #48 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. Other guest appearances on the album came from Meek Mill, 2 Chainz, Rick Ross, Kanye West, Common, J. Cole, JMSN, King Chip, Trey Songz, Pusha T, Kendrick Lamar, Tank, K. Roosevelt, Jamie Foxx, Elijah Blake, Future and Young Jeezy.
The controversial cover for the deluxe edition of the album portrays an African-American Jesus. On the standard edition cover, Game pays homage to one of his older brothers, Jevon Danell Taylor, who was shot and killed at the age of 21. Upon release the album received generally positive reviews by most publications. Most reviewers have praised the production and guests on the album. The album debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 86,000 copies in the United States. As of July 26, 2013, it has sold 281,000 copies according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Background and recording.
The first glimpse seen of The Game's fifth studio album was through Twitter a couple of days before "The R.E.D. Album" was released. The Game posted a video of him in a studio session with 1500 or Nothin'. In the session, he titled the fifth LP "Soundtrack to Chaos". The session showed them recording a song that was later released, called "Everywhere" which featured J. Black. To build hype, The Game released a mixtape called "California Republic". The mixtape was released on April 6, 2012.
In early 2012, The Game changed the album's title to "F.I.V.E.: Fear is Victory's Evolution". He also announced that Cool & Dre would be executive producing, while DJ Khaled was a co-executive producer. The Game changed the title of the album for the second time due to similarities with Trey Songz "Chapter V" and 50 Cent's digital album. He told in an interview with DJ Skee that the album borrows its name from the title track featuring Kanye West, and it has a concept on enjoying life to the fullest while still believing in God. "Jesus Piece" stands as The Game's only concept record to date. He scrapped the years worth of material from the album sessions except for the song "Jesus Piece" and entended to change the whole album behind that one song. After this The Game had 60 days to re-record the entire album which included calling rappers that already recorded verses for the project (Lil Wayne and Rick Ross) having to come back in and re-record their verses to fit the album concept.
In an August 2012 interview with DJ Skee, The Game confirmed that "Jesus Piece" was scheduled for a release in the fourth quarter of 2012. He also hinted at another mixtape before the album releases and that he has more than 5,000 records on his computer that had yet to be released to the public.
Cover artwork.
The Game released a controversial artwork of the album via Instagram on October 21, 2012 and also announced the release date will be December 11. The cover portrays a dark-skinned Jesus in a stained glass window with a teardrop tattoo, a red bandanna around his mouth, and he is wearing a Jesus piece. The stained glass-inspired image shows Jesus sitting on a throne adorned with gang-related symbols. In the artwork, Jesus is holding a gold "Jesus Piece" chain and pointing to a symbol on his breast plate. The red bandana over his mouth is a reference to the Cedar Block Piru Bloods gang, to which Game is allegedly a member. The artwork has a slightly altered logo on the top, which features on all of the previous Game's studio albums. The album's title "Jesus Piece" is stylized as "Je5us Piece", depicting that it is Game's fifth studio album. "Je5us Piece" logo is styled after the iconic Louis Vuitton. The cover was designed by Vlad Sepetov. The religious imagery of the art has gained mixed reviews and the ire of some fans who deem the work as blasphemous. Several celebrities praised the artwork including, rap veteran Busta Rhymes, Mac Miller and Kevin Hart. The Game instead decided to make this cover for the deluxe edition after the Roman Catholic Church called Interscope Records and "it got real crazy." Complex Magazine named the album cover the fifteenth best cover of 2012.
On November 12, an alternative cover for the standard edition of the album was released. This cover paied homage to one of The Game's older brother, Jevon Danell Taylor, who was shot and killed at the age of 21.
Guests and production.
On October 31, 2012, Game stated that Common, J. Cole, Rick Ross, Lil Wayne, Future and Young Jeezy would be guests on the album. He also confirmed on his official Twitter account that he had recorded a song with Rihanna. DJ Premier confirmed that he will be working on the album. Game told RapupTv that long time collaborator Lil Wayne will be featuring on the album on more than one record. On September 29, 2012, Game confirmed longstanding collaborator Lil Wayne will feature on the album in two songs and that Maroon 5 lead singer Adam Levine would appear on his album. Game said in a "Rolling Stone" interview, "When everybody hears the Adam Levine record, I think they gonna go crazy". However the song did not make the final track list. On October 18, 2012, Game confirmed, he has worked with Jamie Foxx on the album. In early November 2 Chainz and Meek Mill were also confirmed as featured artists and Game also called the album his 2012 version of Dr. Dre's "The Chronic 2001" as related to the amount of features on the project. Dr. Dre and Dawaun Parker were also confirmed to have production while Kendrick Lamar confirmed to be featured on it.
The album features in total 24 guest appearances including skits performed by comedian Kevin Hart and rapper Stat Quo sprinkled throughout the album on tracks such as "Church" and "Freedom." Besides the prior names, other guests on the album include Big Sean, Fabolous, King Chip, Trey Songz, Pusha T, Tank and Jeremih. According to the original track listing released by The Game, features also included Wale, Trae tha Truth, Slim Thug, Paul Wall, Z-Ro and Scarface. However, the tracks these artists, "Stripper", "Rollin'" and "Murder" were cut from the final album due to sample clearance issues and were instead released as a part of Game's "Sunday Service" free music giveaway.
Promotion.
Game announced on Twitter that every Sunday leading up to the album that he would drop something new to hold the fans over. All the songs are from the recording sessions for "Jesus Piece". On October 28, 2012 he released the highly anticipated remix to "Celebration" featuring Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. On November 4, Game released a leftover track from the album, entitled "Holy Water". On November 11, Game released a track titled, "I Remember" featuring Young Jeezy and Future. The song was released directly as a video and was leaked onto Tyga's mixtape, "Well Done 3", but with Tyga's verse replacing Young Jeezy's verse. For the fourth edition on November 18, he released a song entitled "Black Jesus" produced by SAP. The same day he also released "HVN4AGNGSTA" featuring Master P, which was originally supposed to be on "Jesus Piece". On November 25, Game released the fifth edition of the series, a song entitled "Stripper" featuring Wale, which did not make the album due to an uncleared sample. In celebration of his birthday, Game released the song, "Judas Closet" on November 30. The song features rapper Nipsey Hussle and production from Timbaland. On December 2, Game released another cut record originally recorded for "Jesus Piece", "Rollin'", featuring Kanye West, Trae Tha Truth, Z-Ro, Paul Wall and Slim Thug. On the seventh and final edition of Sunday Service The Game leaked the song "Murder" which features Scarface and Kendrick Lamar. The song was originally to be featured on Jesus Piece however it was cut due to sample clearing problems.
On December 7, 2012, The Game premiered snippets of the album on Big Boi's Neighborhood on Power 106. The weekend before the album release The Game held an album listening session in front of approximately 100 tastemakers, artists, bloggers and writers. In attendance were Stat Quo, Nu Jerzey Devil, Ty$, Clyde Carson, King Chip, Dre of Cool & Dre, Elliott Wilson among others. On December 10, 2012 The Game went onto Howard Stern's radio show to promote the album. The next day he would appear on DJ Skee's radio show to promote the album.
Singles.
"Celebration" is the album's lead single. It was produced by SAP and Cool and Dre. The song features additional vocals from fellow rappers Lil Wayne, Chris Brown, Tyga and Wiz Khalifa. "Celebration" received its first radio play on Los Angeles' Power 106 on August 22, 2012. The song samples Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's hit single "1st of tha Month". The music video, which was shot in Northridge, CA was released on September 18, 2012. "Celebration" managed to attain chart success, debuting at number 82 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 19 on US Rap chart and number 29 on Hiphop and R&B tracks. Game, Chris Brown, Tyga, Lil Wayne & Wiz Khalifa all appear in the video performing their part of the song. Game told MTV news that the video was inspired by mentor Dr. Dre's hit single "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang" featuring Snoop Dogg. Lil Wayne's contribution earned him his 109th chart entry, surpassing Elvis Presley's record for the most chart entries. Game posted a picture on his Twitter showing the word bone structured with cannabis. Game later confirmed that he is working in the studio with Bone Thugs-n-Harmony on a remix for "Celebration". On October 28, 2012, an official remix, featuring all five members of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony was released by Game. It was positively received by the critics.
On October 26, 2012, Game announced the first promotional single from the album, entitled "I Remember". Game revealed that he's enlisted Young Jeezy and Future for guest features on the second single. He explained that the song was originally leaked on Tyga's recent "Well Done 3" mixtape, but he plans to release it with a new verse from Young Jeezy attached. Game confirmed that "I Remember", is a street record. Game confirmed that the single will be directly released as a video, and the audio version will be released later. The video was released on November 11, 2012 as the third release in the Sunday Service series.
The week of the album's release the song "All That (Lady)" which features Lil Wayne, Big Sean, Fabolous and Jeremiah debuted at number 48 on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It had been rumored to be the second single. Then on February 19, 2013 the song was sent to radio as the second official single. The music video for "All That (Lady)" was released on November 1, 2013, Lil Wayne and Fabolous do not make appearances in the video.
In February 2013, The Game shot a music video for the song "Ali Bomaye" which features 2 Chainz and Rick Ross. The video was released on July 2, 2013. "Ali Bomaye" was featured on the soundtrack to the video game "Grand Theft Auto 5". The song has since peaked at number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
Commercial performance.
In the United States, the album debuted at number five on the "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 86,000 copies. As of July 26, 2013, it has sold 281,000 copies.
Critical response.
Upon release "Jesus Piece" received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 66, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 13 reviews. Artistdirect editor, Rick Florino awarded "Jesus Piece" with a perfect 5 stars rating, describing it as "like any classic gangster flick where the protagonist contemplates faith—Mean Streets comes to mind—Jesus Piece relies on dichotomies. There's some vicious rhyming, illuminating how tight of an MC he truly is, but there are also some incredibly soulful hooks too, meant to stay stuck in your head. Ultimately, tempering bullet-ridden tales and redemptive prayers, Game unleashes his best work to date and a landmark for hip hop." "The Michigan Daily" gave the album an "A" saying "its a concept album, "Jesus Piece" is connected through a theme of religion, specifically Christianity, though it's far from being quoted by your neighborhood pastor in his next sermon." Jackson Howard went on to praise the production and guest features. Steve Jones of "USA Today" gave the album 3 and a half stars out of four saying "The Compton rapper wraps his street tales in spiritual themes to deliver one the year's most intriguing albums." "XXL" gave the album a "XL" rating, stating "The Game framed a praiseworthy album blessed with sterling features and production with the only disappointing point being the underwhelming title track with little input from Kanye West." Sarah Godfrey of the "Washington Post" said pf the album "A few songs stray from the main concept, but for the most part, Game's latest effort sticks to its compelling theme and is an interesting look at the religious gray area that lies between wearing a diamond-studded gold Jesus piece around one's neck with little thought to its significance and sitting in church every Sunday." AllHipHop gave the album an 8 out of 10 and commended The Game delivering the type of music his fans clamor for, but shifting gears at the appropriate time to stretch his content and show diversity. Also saying Game manages to sneak in more substance and reflective lyrics in this album than he has in the past and the production and each of the (many) cameos in this instance add to the replay value of the LP.
Jayson Greene of Pitchfork Media gave the album a less stellar review putting down the album as nothing new from Game and only praising the production and guest list. However saying, ""Jesus Piece" is less all-over-the-place than "The R.E.D. Album"." He gave the album a 6 out of 10. Phillip Mlynar of "Spin" commented negatively of the guest features and claimed Game strays from his own concept too much going on to give the album a 5/10. David Jeffries of AllMusic rated the album 3.5 stars out of 5,saying "this feature-filled, somewhat messy effort is a welcome surprise, focusing in on its topic and then freeing it with the greatest of ease and making the previously maverick Game sound like a natural born ringleader." On December 7, 2012, Game uploaded a screenshot of text messages between him and Dr. Dre on Twitter, where Dr. Dre congratulated and commended Game for the album and specifically praised the song "All That (Lady)."
Accolades.
"Jesus Piece" was also ranked third by "The Source"'s annual list of the best rap albums for 2012, behind only Nas and Kendrick Lamar. It was also ranked at number 45 on a list of the 50 best albums of 2012 by "Complex". Insanul Ahmed of "Complex" said, "the production is on point and Game is compelling when rapping about trying to balance the life as a thug who still believes in God. However, the songs aren't heavy-handed and definitely not preachy. Game works the religious theme into his rhymes effortlessly. Whereas on previous efforts, his occasional church, Bible, and Jesus references went unnoticed, here they add a common thread to the album."

</doc>
<doc id="36810480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810480" title="Vecheslav Ovchinnikov">
Vecheslav Ovchinnikov

Vecheslav Vladimirovich Ovchinnikov (; February 19, 1932, Leningrad, USSR — March 16, 1993, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad School of Painting, most famous for his landscape painting.

</doc>
<doc id="36810486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810486" title="Clyde, New Jersey">
Clyde, New Jersey

Clyde is a census-designated place and unincorporated community located in Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 213.
Geography.
Clyde is located at (40.487341,-74.513189). According to the United States Census Bureau, Clyde had a total area of 0.383 square miles (0.993 km2), all of which was land.

</doc>
<doc id="36810489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810489" title="Golden Heart Farm">
Golden Heart Farm

Golden Heart Farm is a private residence in the hamlet of Bolton Landing, New York, in the United States. It served as the art colony of Thomas and Weber Furlong from 1921 to 1962.
History.
Golden Heart Farm was the residence of the Thomas and Wilhelmina Weber Furlong. The artist chose the name for her colony while living in New York City. Thomas Furlong was an accomplished muralist and realist painter. His wife Wilhelmina Weber Furlong was a major American modern artist. The farm house was built in the 1860s by Rufus Randall, a veteran of the Civil War, upon his return home. Randall cleared and farmed the land and raised his family there before selling the property to another Bolton man, Edson Persons. The farm was reputed to have “one of the most magnificent views of the lake in the vicinity,” according to a newspaper clipping from 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36810503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810503" title="South Shore Riverfront Park">
South Shore Riverfront Park

South Shore Riverfront Park is a small municipal park along the south banks of the Monongahela River across from Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. 
Established in May 2012, South Shore Riverfront Park stretches about one mile. It is a parcel of Three Rivers Park, the city's urban waterfront park along its rivers that provides a continuous green trail link between existing and future riverfront destinations. Completed segments include North Shore Riverfront Park, Allegheny Riverfront Park, and Point State Park.
It is owned by the Sports & Exhibition Authority of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County with help from the Riverlife Task Force.

</doc>
<doc id="36810508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810508" title="Adam Morgan (English footballer)">
Adam Morgan (English footballer)

Adam Joseph Morgan (born 21 April 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Football League Championship club Yeovil Town, he mainly plays as a striker.
Club career.
Liverpool.
A product of the Liverpool Youth Academy, Morgan garnered attention for his goalscoring exploits during the 2010–11 FA Premier Academy League Group C season. Morgan scored 18 goals in 16 games, making him Liverpool's leading goalscorer, including a run of scoring in each of 12 consecutive games towards the end of the season. Robbie Fowler commented that "as a finisher he is probably one of the best I’ve seen for a long, long time.” Morgan's efficiency in front of goal brought him a debut for the Liverpool Reserves on 12 April 2011 against Bolton Wanderers, in which Morgan netted the only goal of the game.
On 1 July 2011, it was announced that Morgan had signed a contract extension at Anfield to keep him at the club until June 2014. In the 2011–12 season, Morgan split his time between the under 18s and the Reserves. The bulk of his appearances came for the under-18s where he again top-scored with 13 goals in 21 games. He appeared 17 times for the Reserves, netting five times- three of which came in nine NextGen Series games.
Morgan was taken on Liverpool's pre-season tour of the USA by new manager Brendan Rodgers in July 2012. On 21 July, Morgan scored his first senior goal for Liverpool in the friendly against Toronto FC, slotting in a goal-bound shot from Raheem Sterling. Morgan appeared in the second game of the tour against Roma, before being handed his first senior start against Tottenham Hotspur on 28 July 2012. On 23 August 2012, he made his senior debut for the club, coming on as an 90th minute substitute in a UEFA Europa League qualifying match against Hearts, replacing Fabio Borini in a 1–0 win. The following week, he started his first competitive match in the return fixture in which he had seemed to have scored his first official goal for Liverpool but it was ruled out as the ball had already gone out of play. On 19 September, Morgan was one of the clutch of teenagers to travel to Switzerland to play Young Boys in a Europa League group game, but didn't make the 18 man squad. On 8 November, Morgan started the group game loss against Anzhi Makhachkala, playing 61 minutes before being replaced by Daniel Pacheco. On 19 August, Morgan scored once in a 4-2 win against rivals Manchester United at the Salford City Stadium in an under 21's league game.
Rotherham United (loan).
On 3 January 2013, Morgan joined League Two side Rotherham United on loan to gain first team experience at the 
New York Stadium, being handed the number 11 shirt. It was confirmed that he would join on a youth loan until 9 February. He made his debut on 5 January 2013 against Aldershot in the FA Cup. His second and last Rotherham appearance came a week later, playing 56 minutes of the 2-0 league defeat to Barnet. He was replaced by Daniel Nardiello. 
Yeovil Town.
On 28 November 2013, Morgan signed for Football League Championship side Yeovil Town on loan until January with a view to a permanent deal in the new year. With the opening of the 2014 January transfer window Morgan's loan deal expired and he signed a two and a half year permanent contract with Yeovil Town.
International career.
Morgan has represented England at Under-17 and currently Under-19 level. He has been capped 17 times for the England national under-17 football team scoring four goals. He played at the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Mexico in which he scored one goal in a 2–2 draw with Canada in the group stages. He also scored in a penalty shootout in the Round of 16 against Argentina. England won the shootout 4–2 before losing 3–2 to Germany in the Quarter-finals.
He is currently in the U19 squad having been capped five times and scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36810545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810545" title="Kalan, Ilam">
Kalan, Ilam

Kalan (, also Romanized as Kalān) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 536, in 108 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810548" title="Moshi">
Moshi

Moshi may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36810557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810557" title="Kapneh Karan">
Kapneh Karan

Kapneh Karan (, also Romanized as Kapneh Karān; also known as Kapneh Garān and Rostam Khān) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 663, in 121 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810560" title="Princess Juliane Sophie of Denmark">
Princess Juliane Sophie of Denmark

Juliane Sophie (18 February 1788, Copenhagen—9 May 1850, Copenhagen), was a Princess of Denmark, the daughter of Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Denmark, he himself a younger son of king Frederick V of Denmark in his second marriage to Juliana Maria of Braunschweig-Wolfenbüttel.
Family.
Princess Juliane Sophie was the oldest daughter and second surviving child of Hereditary Prince Frederick and his wife Duchess Sophia Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, daughter of Duke Louis of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and Princess Charlotte Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld. Her siblings included the future Christian VIII of Denmark.
The actual paternity of Juliane Sophie and her siblings has been debated, and it is widely believed that the father of Sophia Frederica's children was Prince Frederick's adjutant, Frederik von Blücher.
When Juliane was born her uncle king Christian VII of Denmark was the reigning monarch, but the actual ruler was the Crown Prince, the future Frederick VI of Denmark.
A few years prior to her birth the control of the kingdom had been in the hands of her grandmother Queen Dowager Juliane Marie, whom she was named after, and her father, but a coup by the Crown Prince had deprived her family of the power.
Early years.
For the first years of her life Juliane lived with the rest of the royal family at Christiansborg Palace, but after the palace was destroyed by fire in 1794, Hereditary Prince Frederick moved with his family to a mansion at Amalienborg Palace. Her mother, Sophia Frederica died the same year, shortly after the move.
When Juliane was a child there was still a lot of tension between the two branches of the royal family because of the coup, but eventually they made up.
In 1803 Juliane had her confirmation together with her brother Christian and sister, Princess Louise Charlotte of Denmark at the chapel at Frederiksberg Palace.
Marriage.
On 22 August 1812 at Frederiksberg Palace Juliane Sophie married Landgrave Wilhelm of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld, (Barchfeld, 10 August 1786 – Copenhagen, 30 November 1834). Wilhelm was the son of Adolph, Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld and Princess Louise of Saxe-Meiningen.
Wilhelm lived in Denmark from an early age and had a successful military career, and was a popular and respected man in the Danish capital.
The marriage was happy and was founded on genuine feelings from both parties. The couple however didn't have any children, apparently because Juliane was afraid of dying in childbirth. Wilhelm instead had a mistress with whom he had five daughters.
Danish throne.
During the years it became clear that the Danish throne would be inherited by her brother Christian. In 1821 she along with her branch of the royal family were elevated to the style of Royal Highness instead of Highness.
When Julianes childless nephew, Frederick VII of Denmark became king in 1848 she was second in-line to the throne after her childless brother, Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Denmark. However there was already talks about securing the Danish Monarchy, which consisted of several states, by giving the throne to a person that could keep it together and Juliane accepted this.
Juliane died in 1850, shortly before the succession was settled on her sisters son-in-law, the future Christian IX of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="36810568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810568" title="List of Serbian actors">
List of Serbian actors

A list of notable Serbian actors and actors of Serbian descent:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36810569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810569" title="Akhtarin">
Akhtarin

Akhtarin (, Kurdish Axtare) is a town, and subdistrict of the A'zaz District, in northern Syria. It is administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate. 
It is located northeast of city of Aleppo, and Mare' is nearby to the southwest. 
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Akhtarin had a population of 5,305 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36810573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810573" title="Mir Alamdar">
Mir Alamdar

Mir Alamdar (, also Romanized as Mīr ʿAlamdār) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 243, in 50 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810575" title="2012 Women's Junior European Volleyball Championship">
2012 Women's Junior European Volleyball Championship

The 2012 Women's Junior European Volleyball Championship was played in Ankara, Turkey from August 18 to 26, 2012. Turkey won the championship before Serbia and Italy, and qualified to the 2013 Women's Junior World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36810580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810580" title="Lynne Hutchison">
Lynne Hutchison

Lynne Hutchison (born 10 November 1994, Tokyo, Japan) is a British rhythmic gymnast. She represented England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, India, where she won a bronze medal in the team event. She also competed for Team GB at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.
Hutchison was born in Tokyo to British father Brian and Japanese mother Kuniko. She moved to Britain with her family at the age of two. Hutchison, while attending primary school in Combe Down, Bath, was invited by Sarah Moon, the head coach of the City of Bath Rhythmic Gymnastics Club, to come along to the gym. Hutchison started training at the club on the same day as Francesca Fox, who would ultimately also represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Hutchison attended King Edward's School, Bath, and trained at the University of Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="36810583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810583" title="Mazraeh-ye Ban Bakar">
Mazraeh-ye Ban Bakar

Mazraeh-ye Ban Bakar (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bān Baḵar) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810591" title="Leandro (given name)">
Leandro (given name)

Leandro is a masculine Spanish and Portuguese given name. The name is a variant of two other names: Leander, a character in the Greek myth Hero and Leander, and Lysander, a relative of the Greek name Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="36810595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810595" title="Nahrkhan-e Olya">
Nahrkhan-e Olya

Nahrkhan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Nahrkhān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 421, in 80 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810598" title="Fred White (rugby league)">
Fred White (rugby league)

Fred White is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country. New Zealand toured Australia that year however White did not play in any of the three test matches.
In 2008 he was named in the Taranaki Rugby League Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="36810602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810602" title="CH Crucis">
CH Crucis

CH Crucis (39 G.Crucis) is a Be star, while also a B-type subgiant in the constellation Crux. This star is not to be confused with 39 Crucis/ 39 Cru.

</doc>
<doc id="36810607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810607" title="Nahrkhan-e Sofla">
Nahrkhan-e Sofla

Nahrkhan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Nahrkhān-e Soflá) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810610" title="Nahrkhan">
Nahrkhan

Nahrkhan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810613" title="The Grand Psychotic Castle">
The Grand Psychotic Castle

The Grand Psychotic Castle is the debut studio album by Norwegian symphonic black metal band Tartaros. It was recorded at Grieghallen Studios in Bergen, Norway, and was released in June 1997 through Necropolis Records.
It was re-released in 1999 with a different album cover and two bonus tracks.
Critical reception.
Chronicles of Chaos, while complimenting the album's "dark, ominous atmosphere", wrote that it is "damaged somewhat by a constantly intruding drum machine that does nothing to help the music except overpower it", finishing off with "for all its good points, the escalating and descending keyboards and the hollow, spooky atmosphere it creates, "TGPC" is far from perfect."

</doc>
<doc id="36810615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810615" title="Paliyeh">
Paliyeh

Paliyeh (, also Romanized as Palīyeh) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810617" title="Pavel Branko">
Pavel Branko

Pavel Branko (born April 27, 1921) is a Slovak film critic, film theorist, translator of fiction and non-fiction literature, and author of articles that critique questionable use of language. He has been called "the doyen of Slovak film criticism."
After the fall of real socialism, he has received many prizes that honour the man and the work of a lifetime. In his life and work we find many traces of the impact of the history of Czechoslovakia. Branko is married to Emilia Brankova.
Life and work.
Youth and early career.
Pavel Branko was born on board a French ship heading to Trieste, a port city on the Adriatic Sea. His birthplace was registered as Trieste which had just reverted from Austrian rule to Italy. Branko’s father was a Slovak Jew converted to Protestantism, a clerk in Hatshava (Hačava), Hnushtya (Hnúšťa) county, Slovakia and thus a citizen of Austria-Hungary, a multi-national state, till 1918. His mother was Russian.
Branko spent his childhood in Hatshava. He moved to Bratislava in 1931. Between 1932 and 1940, he attended high school in that city. After having obtained his high school diploma in 1940, he enrolled in the Technical University of Bratislava for 1940-41. The next year he was rejected because of the Jewish roots of his father. Then he had three short-lived jobs until the summer of 1942.
Political activity and imprisonment.
The Slovak clerical-fascist regime of Jozef Tiso (which was noted for its Antisemitism) brought Branko into the resistance while he was still a high school student. In 1939, propelled by an "enthusiasm for leftist ideals," Branko joined the illegal Communist Party, the most outstanding antifascist force in Slovakia at the time.
His political activism ended abruptly in June 1942, when he was arrested, together with four other party members. Soon after his arrest, he received a life sentence.
Between 1942 and 1945, Branko was a political prisoner in Bratislava, Nitra, and Leopoldov.
During the winter of 1945, fearing that the advancing Red Army could liberate the political prisoners, the Tiso regime made a dirty deal with the German Gestapo. The prisoners were formally released, but in fact transferred to the Gestapo directly at the front gate of Leopoldov prison. In this way, Branko was transferred together with many others to the Mauthausen concentration camp in February 1945. The three months in Mauthausen, until his liberation by the U.S. army in May 1945, were the hardest of the entire period of Pavel Branko’s imprisonment.
Literary translation and film criticism.
After liberation, Branko worked as a freelance translator of fiction, as well as philosophical non-fiction from English, Russian and German. The years 1945-1949 meant for him a gradual disillusion concerning the real practices of the Communist Party and the Comintern which ended in public withdrawal from the CP in 1949, with many consequences involved. Nevertheless, the reputation of the former Resistance fighter and political prisoner saved him from the worst, and when he began to write film reviews, he soon became a respected freelance film critic.
Between 1948 and 1952, his film reviews were published in many journals and daily newspapers, such as "Kultúrny život" (Cultural Life), "Ľudovýchova" (Vernacular Education), "Náš film" (Our Film), "Pod zástavou socializmu" (Under the Banner of Socialism), "Práca" (Labor), "Pravda" (Truth), "Slovenská reč" (Slovak Language), "Slovenské pohľady" Views, "Smena" (Shift), "Svet socializmu" ("World of Socialism") and others.
The year 1952 brought such a tightening of the ideological limits imposed that Branko’s value hierarchy could not accept it. He decided to resign as a film critic and withdrew with his first wife Mary to a lonely cabin in the High Tatras, a mountain range in North-Eastern Slovakia, where he restricted himself to translating books.
In 1956, a year referred to as a “thaw” period, Pavel Branko returned to Bratislava, invited to assume a steady job as film editor of the newly founded bi-weekly journal "Film a divadlo" (Film and Theater).
Since 1956, Branko specialized in documentary film, attending regularly the short-film festivals in Karlovy Vary, Oberhausen, Leipzig and Cracow (occasionally as a jury member), as well as the national Pula Film Festival in Yugoslavia. In the 1950s, 60s, and early 1970s he published his reviews and essays mainly in Slovak and Czech. The Slovak media that published his film criticism in this period included "Čítanie o ZSSR" (Reading on USSR), "Film a divadlo" (Film and Theater), "Kultúrny život" (Cultural Life), "Ľudovýchova" (Vernacular Education), "Mladá tvorba" (The Young Generation), "Národná obroda" (National Revival), "Nové slovo" (New Word), "Práca" (Labor), "Pravda" (Truth), "Predvoj" (Vanguard), "Príroda a spoločnosť" (Nature and Society), "Rodina a škola" (Family and School), "Slovenský rozhlas" (Slovak Radio), "Slovenka" (Slovak woman), "Slovenská reč" (Slovak Language), "Slovenské pohľady" (Slovak Views), "Slovenský jazyk a literatúra" (Slovak Language and Literature), "Smena" (Shift), "Svet socializmu" (World of Socialism), "Učiteľské noviny" (The Teacher’s Newspaper), "Új szó" (New Word – in Hungarian), "Umelecké slovo" (Word Art), "Televízia", "Večerník" (The Evening Paper), and "Život" (Life). The Czech media included "Czechoslovak Life", "Divadelní a filmové noviny" (Theatre and Film News), "Estetika" (Aesthetica), "Film a doba" (Film and Time), "Filmové a televizní noviny" (Film and Television News), "Reportér", "Rudé právo" (Red Law), "Plamen" (Flame), and "Tvorba" (Creation).
Abroad he was occasionally published by "Les Lettres Françaises" (in France), by "Telegram" (Zagreb, Yugoslavia), and in Poland, by three renowned film journals: "Ekran Warszawski" (Warsaw Screen), "Film polski" (Polish Film), and "Kamera". In West Germany, his film criticism appeared in "Filmstudio", in East Germany in "Filmspiegel" (Film Mirror) and in "Deutsche Filmkunst" (German Film Art), in Sweden in "Filmrutan" (Movie Frame). In what was then the Soviet Union, two high quality film journals printed his film reviews: "Iskusstvo kino" (Film Art) and "Sovetskij ekran" (Soviet Cinema).
"As a publicist he was fully recognized in the sixties."
In 1968, while the Prague Spring was still flourishing, Branko was in charge of a seminar offered for budding screen-writers at the Academy of Performing Arts in Bratislava. In the summer of 1968, he was a member of a delegation of Slovak filmmakers and critics who came to Bochum, W.Germany, to show and discuss non-conformist Slovak films, including such films as Juraj Jakubisko’s "Deserters and Wanderers."
While being already a respected film critic, Branko continued to work as a literary translator. In 1967, he obtained honorary awards from the SÚKK and the SV ČSSP for his translation of Maxim Gorky’s “Life of Klim Samgin” (Zhizn Klima Samgina / Жизнь Клима Самгина).
Blacklisting.
In 1970, Pavel Branko resigned on his own accord as film editor of "Film a divadlo" (Film and Theater). This was two years before his official blacklisting. At the time, he found already that his convictions were irreconcilable with the political line (the so-called “normalization”) imposed by the new editor-in-chief. 
All this was due to his support for and involvement in the movement that the media in the West referred to as the "Prague spring".
In 1970, Branko briefly managed to land a one-year job as scientific collaborator at the Slovak Film Institute (SFÚ). In 1973, being 52, he was forced into ‘retirement’ for good. This was, incidentally, also the time of his divorce. He married his second wife, Emily, in 1979.
As film critic he was blacklisted during the entire “normalization” period of real socialism (1972–89), and as translator from 1972 to 1978. From 1972 until 1976 he occasionally published film essays on uncontroversial topics. This was possible because friends and former colleagues agreed that he might use their name as a cover.
Since 1989.
Between 1990 and 2007, Pavel Branko published film criticism in such journals and daily newspapers as "Dialóg", "Film.sk", "Film a doba" (Film and Time), "Filmová revue", "Kino-Ikon", "Kultúrny život" (Cultural Life), "Mosty" (Bridges), "Nové slovo" (New Word), "Pravda" (Truth), and "Sme" (We are), and on the air waves via Radio Free Europe.
Honours.
In 1997, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Academy of Performing Arts (VŠMU).
Three years later, in 2000, various honorary prizes were bestowed on him by the SFZ, the ÚSTT, and the LFSR (Prémia SFZ, ÚSTT, LFSR ) for his collected works that contained much of his film criticism. The 3 volumes are titled "Straty a nálezy" (Lost and found), I, II, III.
Also in 2000, Pavel Branko was awarded the "Zlatá kamera" (Golden Camera) at the MFF Art Film Fest, together with a laudatory diploma by the Prime Minister. And in the same year, he received the prize "Cena slovenskej filmovej kritiky" (Prize of Slovak Film Criticism) for his "Straty a nálezy, 1948 – 98".
In 2007 he received the "Slnko v sieti" (Sun in the net) Award of the Slovakian Film and Television Academy for a lifetime’s achievement (Cena Slnko v sieti za celoživotné dielo).
Two Documentary Films about Pavel Branko.
In 2009, the documentary filmmaker Susan Piussi made the documentary "A Hero of our Time" about Pavel Branko. The title refers to Lermontov’s novel that depicts a "superfluous man" - a hint which serves to reminds us that Branko sees himself ironically or skeptically as a ‘superfluous man.’ Indeed, neither the Tiso regime nor the Stalinists ‘needed’ somebody like him, who ‘swims against the current.’
In 2010 Jaro Rihák shot a portrait of Pavel Branko for the Slovak TV series GEN (Gallery of national elite).
Selected list of publications by Branko.
Literary works translated by Branko (A Selection).
NOTE: Publishers in Czechoslovakia did not make use of ISBN or ISSN before 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36810619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810619" title="Kings of Tory">
Kings of Tory

The King of Tory (Irish:"Rí Thoraí") is a customary title used by inhabitants of the island of Tory off the coast of County Donegal, Ireland. The title is currently claimed by Patsy Dan Rodgers (Irish:"Patsaí Dan Mac Ruaidhrí"). 
History.
The history of the kings goes back at least as far as the sixth century and as long as 5000 years ago. It has been suggested that some of the pre-historical kings included Conand and Balor. During the 1800s the Heggerty/Heraghty family supplied the kings, however the role of king is no longer hereditary. The role usually entails being a representative for the island to outsiders. In 1995 it was reported that the current king personally greeted every incoming ferry from the mainland.
It is the only extant kingship in Ireland.
Current king.
Rodgers claims a family connection to the island of over 3,400 years. He first assumed the role of king in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="36810637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810637" title="Environment Protection Act 1993">
Environment Protection Act 1993

The Environment Protection Act 1993 a law in the Australian state of South Australia "to provide for the protection of the environment; to establish the Environment Protection Authority and define its functions and powers; and for other purposes."

</doc>
<doc id="36810640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810640" title="Qapeh Chal">
Qapeh Chal

Qapeh Chal (, also Romanized as Qapeh Chāl) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810645" title="German submarine U-348">
German submarine U-348

German submarine "U-348" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out six patrols but sank no ships.
She was sunk near Hamburg by US bombs.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 17 November 1942 at the "Nordseewerke" yard at Emden as 'werk' 220, launched on 26 June 1943 and commissioned on 10 August under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Hans-Norbert Schunck*.
"U-348" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, for training and then with the 9th flotilla for operations from 1 April 1944. She came back under the command of the 8th flotilla on 12 July and was reassigned to the 5th flotilla on 16 February 1945; she stayed with that organization until her destruction on 30 March.
"U-348" made short trips from Kiel in Germany to Stavanger, Kristiansand and Bergen in Norway in April 1944.
1st, 2nd 3rd patrols.
Her first patrol began with her departure from Bergen on 23 April 1944. The detonation of a landmine near Stavanger on 6 May killed one man and wounded another. She returned to Bergen on the 15th.
The submarine's second foray was uneventful.
"U-348"s third patrol was preceded by more short trips, this time between Trondheim, Kiel and Reval, (now Tallinn in northern Estonia).
4th, 5th and 6th patrols.
The boat's fourth sortie was divided into three parts in July and August 1944, but kept to the "Ostsee" (Baltic).
Patrol number five was sub-divided into four. It included departures from Helsinki in Finland and Reval and arrivals at Mösholm and Libau (now Liepāja in western Latvia).
Her sixth patrol from Danzig (now Gdansk in modern Poland) terminated in Swinemünde (now known as Świnoujście, also in Poland).
Fate.
She moved from Swinemünde to Hamburg in February 1945. On 30 March she was destroyed by US bombs during an air-raid.

</doc>
<doc id="36810654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810654" title="Shaleh Shuri">
Shaleh Shuri

Shaleh Shuri (, also Romanized as Shāleh Shūrī and Shāleh Showrī; also known as Baleh Shūrī) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810664" title="Siah Gel, Eyvan">
Siah Gel, Eyvan

Siah Gel (, also Romanized as Sīāh Gel) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810674" title="Sartang, Ilam">
Sartang, Ilam

Sartang () is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,177, in 255 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810684" title="ReconRobotics, Inc.">
ReconRobotics, Inc.

ReconRobotics, Inc. is a privately owned advanced robotics company headquartered in Edina, Minnesota. The company designs, engineers, and manufactures tactical micro-robot systems for law enforcement and military personnel that increase situational awareness in order to save lives. Users of the company’s robots include multiple branches of the United States Armed Forces, international friendly forces, and more than 550 federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies. More than 4,700 of the company’s micro-robot systems have been deployed or are under contract.
History.
ReconRobotics, Inc. was founded in 2006 to commercialize robotics technology developed at the University of Minnesota Distributed Robotics Laboratory under funding from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The company introduced the world’s first tactical micro-robot – the Recon Scout® – in 2007. Since then, the company has designed and engineered several new-generation robot systems and accessories to meet the evolving needs of law enforcement agencies and the military. On May 3, 2011, ReconRobotics signed a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific (SSC Pacific) to develop a robot with magnetic wheels to climb over the hull of a ship. In April 2012, ReconRobotics acquired Xollai LLC, a company specializing in automated guidance, optics, and recognition technology. In June 2012, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) and ReconRobotics signed a cooperative research and development agreement to “identify, evaluate, and develop a range of mutually beneficial technologies.” In 2013, ReconRobotics was recognized as one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies by "Fast Company" magazine. The company was ranked 44th along with several other robotics companies.
Products.
Throwbot® XT.
The Throwbot XT is capable of transmitting audio and visual reconnaissance to military, counterterrorism, and tactical law enforcement personnel. The robot is highly water-resistant, exceptionally quiet, and can survive throws up to 120 feet (36 meters). The infrared optical system also allows users to see in complete darkness.
Recon Scout Throwbot LE.
The Recon Scout Throwbot LE is an affordable reconnaissance robot that is primarily used by police patrol officers to identify hidden threats and search confined spaces.
Recon Scout IR.
The Recon Scout IR is a throwable reconnaissance robot with the ability to see in complete darkness. Its infrared optical system automatically turns on when ambient light is low.
Recon Scout UVI.
The Recon Scout UVI enables operators to safely inspect vehicle undercarriages. Instead of using hand-held mirrors, the robot allows a user to get a complete direct view of the undercarriage while searching for narcotics or explosives.
Recon Scout XL.
The Recon Scout XL is a rugged micro-robot meant to traverse varied terrain. Its wheels can climb over 4-inch (10.2-centimeter) obstacles, enabling operators to drive it through landscapes of rocks, grass, sand and debris. 
Robotics Accessories.
ReconRobotics manufactures and sells a variety of accessories for its robotics systems. These include a SearchStick™ that can clasp a robot and be used as a pole camera, a field charging station, and a command station to monitor simultaneous robot use.
Operating Environments.
Military Robotics.
The United States military and dozens of friendly forces utilize the company’s Recon Scout and Throwbot systems in high-risk operations. The robots save lives by providing dismounted fire teams with increased situational awareness and standoff distance during urban warfare, compound clearing operations, and surveillance missions. In June 2012, the United States Army’s Rapid Equipping Force issued an indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract for up to 1,000 of the company’s micro-robots for use by soldiers and Marines. This was the company’s fifth major military contract since August 2011.
Law Enforcement Robotics.
More than 550 tactical teams, worldwide, use the company’s Recon Scout and Throwbot systems to protect the lives of personnel and speed the resolution of high-risk operations, including barricaded subject situations, narcotics raids and hostage rescue missions. The video and audio reconnaissance provided by these systems allows tactical operators to quickly clear rooms and buildings, leading to increased safety for officers and civilians. Federal clients include the FBI, ATF, State Department and U.S. Marshals Service.
International Operations.
ReconRobotics’ international operations are run by RRI Global SAGL, a wholly owned subsidiary headquartered in Lugano, Switzerland, and its products are marketed outside North America by a reseller network in 33 countries.
Leadership.
Management.
Alan Bignall, "President and CEO"
Mary Wilson, "CFO and VP Operations"
Jack Klobucar, "VP Marketing and Communications"
Andrew Drenner, PhD, "Director of Engineering"
Aimee Barmore, "Director of Global Sales"
Ernest Langdon, "Director of Global Military Programs"
Pamela Ostrom, "Director of Organizational Effectiveness"
Board of Directors.
Alan Bignall, "President and CEO of ReconRobotics", Inc., Edina, MN
Major General Charles H. Swannack, Jr., "Former CEO of US Logistics, Inc.", Fayetteville, NC
Philip S. Walter, "CEO of Realief Neuropathy Centers", Minneapolis, MN
Andrés Brugal, "Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intevac Photonics", Santa Clara, CA
Michael Dougherty, "Vice President, Asia Pacific and Latin America, Polaris Industries, Inc.", Medina, MN
Denny Schulstad, "Former Minnesota State Chair of Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve", St. Paul, MN
Christopher A. Carlisle (Secretary to the Board), "Principal Attorney at Gray Plant Mooty & Bennet, P.A.", Minneapolis, MN
Mary E. Wilson (Treasurer to the Board), "CFO of ReconRobotics, Inc.", Edina, MN

</doc>
<doc id="36810686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810686" title="Filaret Pakun">
Filaret Pakun

Filaret Ivanovich Pakun (; December 2, 1912, Chernigov Governorate, Russian Empire — 2002, Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting. Filaret Pakun most famous for his later work in the genre of the portrait and the nude painted in the style of French Impressionism.

</doc>
<doc id="36810689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810689" title="Toveh Siyeh">
Toveh Siyeh

Toveh Siyeh (, also Romanized as Toveh Sīyeh) is a village in Kalan Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810693" title="Babagir">
Babagir

Babagir (, also Romanized as Bābāgīr) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 195, in 46 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810698" title="Dulal Lahiri">
Dulal Lahiri

Dulal Lahiri (born 24 August 1947) is a Bengali film and television actor.
Early life.
Dulal Lahiri was born on 24 August 1947 in Kolkata. After passing Higher Secondary examination in 1963 from Scottish Church Collegiate School, he got admitted in the Surendranath College, under the University of Calcutta, from which he graduated. Lahiri took tabla lessons from Nanku Maharaj.
Acting career.
Lahiri was a performer in the Bengali theatre group Sundaram and there he met, Bengali film director Tapan Sinha. In 1982 he made his debut in big screen in "Adalat o ekti Meye”, though it was a small role.

</doc>
<doc id="36810699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810699" title="Baskeleh-ye Garmeh">
Baskeleh-ye Garmeh

Baskeleh-ye Garmeh (, also Romanized as Bāskeleh-ye Garmeh; also known as Bāskeleh Garmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 341, in 62 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810702" title="Chahar Meleh">
Chahar Meleh

Chahar Meleh (, also Romanized as Chahār Meleh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 802, in 174 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810706" title="Azekurazukuri">
Azekurazukuri


</doc>
<doc id="36810707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810707" title="Beverley Jones">
Beverley Jones

Beverley Jones (born 17 October 1974) is a Paralympian athlete from Wales competing in category F37 throwing events. Jones won a bronze medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games as an EAD in the 100m sprint. Jones has qualified for four Summer Paralympics from 2000 to 2012 finishing fourth twice, in the sprint in 2000 at Sydney and in the shot put at Athens in 2004.
History.
Jones was born in Queensferry, Flintshire in north Wales in 1974. Jones, who has cerebral palsy, first began playing representative sports when she played cricket for Wales, and was in the team that beat England at Lords in 1996. She was introduced to athletics at the Wrexham Sports Club for the Disabled in 1997 and began entering sprinting events in her 1998. In 2000 she was selected for the Great Britain team at the Summer Paralympics, competing in the T38 sprint. She finished 4th in the 100m and 8th in the 200m.
In 2004 Jones was reselected for the Great Britain Paralympic team for the Summer games in Athens, this time qualifying as F38 for the combined F37/38 shot put, finishing just outside the medals in fourth place. She was reclassified to the higher disability grade of F37 after the competition. In the 2005 CP World Championships in Connecticut, USA she took gold in the shot put, 100m and 200m sprints. At the 2006 IPC World Athletics Championships in Assen, Netherlands, she set a F37 shot put world record of 10.57m. Jones was still combining her shot put with sprinting when she was chosen to represent Wales at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. Since the Manchester Games in 2002, the Commonwealth Games had introduced a limited number of events for elite athletes with a disability. The only T37 event at the Games was women's sprinting, for which Jones qualified, winning the bronze medal in the final. 
As of the 2008 Paralympics in Beijing, Jones began concentrating on throwing events, mainly discus and shot put. She qualified for both events in China, finishing 5th in the T37 Shot Put and 7th in the T37 discus with a European record throw of 27.27m. Her 5th place in shot put saw Jones throwing her personal best of 10.35m.
In 2011 Jones represented Great Britain in both the Shot and discus at the IPC Athletics World Championships in New Zealand. She threw a European record in the discus of 30.62m, but was unable to beat Na Mi of China, and finished in second place, taking silver.
2012 saw Jones qualify for Great Britain at her fourth Paralympic Games, on this occasion in the F37 shot put and the F37 discus at London. In her first event, the shot put, she threw 9.85m to end in seventh place. Later in the Games, on the 6 September at the London Olympic Stadium, she recorded a distance of 30.99m in the discus which gave Jones a bronze medal, her first Paralympic podium finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36810710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810710" title="Chehel Zari, Ilam">
Chehel Zari, Ilam

Chehel Zari (, also Romanized as Chehel Zar‘ī and Chehel Zarī; also known as Chehel Gazī) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 377, in 79 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810718" title="Chehel Gazi, Iran">
Chehel Gazi, Iran

Chehel Gazi or Chehl Gazi (), also rendered as Chehil Gazi, in Iran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810725" title="OfflineIMAP">
OfflineIMAP

OfflineIMAP is an IMAP synchronization utility software, capable of synchronizing mail on IMAP server with local Maildir folder or another server.
Description.
The synchronization is performed bidirectionally between two endpoints ("Remote" and "Local" repositories).
OfflineIMAP accesses mail servers only via Internet Message Access Protocol (Post Office Protocol – another popular way to get mail from server – is not supported), it works faster (though it is sensitive to connection's latency) and supports more advanced features than most mail clients. The special mode for better handling the non-standard implementation of IMAP in Gmail may optionally be enabled in a configuration file.
When configured to store mail locally, OfflineIMAP uses the Maildir format. Unix mail boxes support may be added in the future, though currently it is not implemented.
Configuration.
Several synchronizations account, each consisting of Remote and Local repositories, may be defined in configuration file. Each repository is then configured separately, allowing to specify credentials and access method.
Filtering and translation.
OfflineIMAP is capable of filtering the folders of Remote repository, so that only partial synchronization would occur if needed. To use this capability one has to define the mask that would be matched against the list of folders with each synchronization. This is achieved by using Python's lambda capability; for example, to synchronize only "INBOX", "Sent Mail" and "Received" folders one should specify the following rule:
<syntaxhighlight lang="python">
folderfilter = lambda foldername: foldername in
</syntaxhighlight>
Remaining folders' names may be altered (translated) using similar construct:
<syntaxhighlight lang="python">
nametrans = lambda foldername: re.sub('^Sent$', 'root/Sent', re.sub('^(\[G.*ail\]|INBOX)', 'root', foldername))
</syntaxhighlight>
This technique may also be used to synchronize the content of an IMAP server to the folder of another server.
Limitations.
Each account has to use separate directory; otherwise the synchronization process may suffer from unexpected behavior or even data loss.
User interface.
OfflineIMAP provides several command-line interfaces, including interactive color curses-based, non-interactive console logging, and several yet less verbose modes. Tk-based graphical user interface is also available.

</doc>
<doc id="36810734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810734" title="Chehel Zari">
Chehel Zari

Chehel Zari () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810744" title="1949 UMass Redmen football team">
1949 UMass Redmen football team

The 1949 UMass Redmen football team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the 1949 college football season as a member of the NCAA's Yankee Conference. The team was coached by Thomas Eck and played its home games at Alumni Field in Amherst, Massachusetts. UMass finished the season with a record of 3–5 overall and 1–1 in conference play.
References.
UMass Athletics Archive

</doc>
<doc id="36810745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810745" title="Cheshmeh Meru">
Cheshmeh Meru

Cheshmeh Meru (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Merū and Cheshmeh Mīrū) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810753" title="Clarence Raymond Adams">
Clarence Raymond Adams

Clarence Raymond Adams (1898 – 1965) was an American mathematician who worked on partial difference equations.
He entered Brown University in the fall of 1915 and graduated in 1918. Adams received his PhD in 1922 from Harvard University under the direction of G. D. Birkhoff. On August 17, 1922, he married Rachel Blodgett, who earned a PhD from Radcliffe College in 1921. As a Sheldon Traveling Fellow of Harvard University, he studied at the Sapienza University of Rome under Tullio Levi-Civita and at the University of Göttingen under Richard Courant. In 1923 Adams returned to Brown University as an instructor, then became a full professor in 1936 and eventually chair of the mathematics department from 1942 to 1960. In 1965 he retired and died on October 15 of that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="36810755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810755" title="Dizgaran, Ilam">
Dizgaran, Ilam

Dizgaran (, also Romanized as Dīzgarān and Dīzgerān) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810767" title="Phạm Quỳnh">
Phạm Quỳnh

Phạm Quỳnh (December 17, 1892 – September 6, 1945) was a monarchist during the late Nguyễn Dynasty and supporter of adhering to traditional Vietnamese customs in the establishment of a constitutional monarchy. He was born near Hanoi, Vietnam.
He served as a government minister along with Ngô Đình Diệm under Emperor Bảo Đại's administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36810768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810768" title="Dizgaran">
Dizgaran

Dizgaran or Dizgeran or Dizgoran () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810778" title="Dargah, Eyvan">
Dargah, Eyvan

Dargah () is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810782" title="1974–75 Southern Football League">
1974–75 Southern Football League

The 1974–75 season was the 72nd in the history of the Southern League.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured four new teams:
League table.
Football League elections.
Alongside the four League clubs facing re-election, a total of 12 non-League clubs applied for election, eight of which were Southern League clubs. All the League clubs were re-elected.
Division One North.
Division One featured two new teams:
Division One South.
Division One South featured two new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="36810806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810806" title="Dargah, Iran">
Dargah, Iran

Dargah or Darageh or Dargeh or Dergah (), also rendered as Darkeh and Derkah, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810821" title="Mian Dar Zarneh">
Mian Dar Zarneh

Mian Dar Zarneh (, also Romanized as Mīān Dār Zarneh; also known as Mīān Dār) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810831" title="Mivaneh">
Mivaneh

Mivaneh (, also Romanized as Mīvāneh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810838" title="Mazraeh-ye Gavmehr">
Mazraeh-ye Gavmehr

Mazraeh-ye Gavmehr (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gāvmehr; also known as Gāvmehr) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810850" title="Ruvan, Ilam">
Ruvan, Ilam

Ruvan (, also Romanized as Rūvān) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810887" title="Moda Fincher">
Moda Fincher

Moda "Misty" Fincher (October 12, 1924 - December 27, 2006) was Texas radio's and was regarded as American radio's first full-time female staff announcer.  Her radio career spanned 51 years.  She was inducted into Texas Radio Hall of Fame on October 26, 2006.
Biography.
She was born Moda Fincher, in Bronte, Texas to William Allen and Moda (Miller) Fincher on October 12, 1924, but she was known on the air simply as "Misty." She graduated from Lubbock High School in Lubbock, Tx., in 1941 and moved to Fort Worth, Tx. She started her career as a vocalist and self-taught drummer for an all-girl band - "Billye Gale Band" - and was with them for 5-1/2 years.
Misty always wanted to be a radio deejay and recalled that, as a youth, she would fashion imaginary microphones with a tomato soup can and a sawed-off broom pole. She went to work at KXOL-AM in Fort Worth, where she filed albums and pulled wire reports for sports broadcasts. She let it be known that she'd like to be a deejay, which, she recalled, "was a real thigh-slapper to management." Then on March 5, 1955, she was abruptly handed the midnight-to-6 a.m. shift - seven nights a week, no days off, for $40 a week - she could not even use her name. Instead, she was known as "The Frontier Gal" and had to agree to wear a Lone Ranger-like mask when out in public. She was 29 years old. Few expected her to succeed in what was then a male-dominated field.
She found more support and better pay in Lubbock in 1956, when the general manager of KDUB-AM, an AM radio station, offered her the same shift, midnight to 6 a.m. - but with two days off each week and a raise to $75 per week. She later worked for the first Lubbock FM radio station, KBFM. Her "Music with Misty" program specialized in instrumental, easy-listening music. She worked on the MDA Telethon with Jerry Lewis for nineteen years.
In 1970, she went to work for KLBK-FM, where she premiered "Music with Misty." When a tornado struck Lubbock on May 11, 1970, Misty refused to give up her post. She chose to broadcast continually for 26 hours so listeners could be reassured by her calmly delivered news reports.
After KLBK-FM changed formats in 1980, "Misty" worked in Midland for about 5 years at KNFM before returning to Lubbock where she also worked for KSEL-FM.
In 1998, Misty came out of retirement and, at age 75, went to work as a deejay on radio station KDAV-AM, which is located in Lubbock's Depot District. KDAV installed an old analog studio just for her—turntables, tape deck, big chrome microphone on a stand, etc. "This little old lady. . ." (still wearing her trademark dark glasses) ". . . would shuffle in before 9pm, a tight double armed grasp on her albums held against her breast" and make the magic happen.
Misty had what might be the largest collection of vinyl and shellac records in the world, totaling over 15,000 albums. "Someone to Watch Over Me" was her favorite song.
She received honors from the American Women's Association and the Women in Communications' Margaret Casky Award. In 1981, Lubbock's then mayor Bill McAlister proclaimed Oct. 10, as "Misty Day" in Lubbock.
On October 28, 2006, Misty was inducted into the Texas Radio Hall of Fame, placing her alongside radio personalities such as George Carlin (a fellow alumnus of KXOL), Sam Donaldson and Clint Formby. Ira McComic said, "There are so many things I admire about this lovely lady and so many reasons why I am proud to be the one who nominated her. But I'll limit myself to just three of Misty's qualifications: pioneer, professionalism and passion. ... As a role model for professionalism, nobody topped Misty, who arrived at the station every evening, always on time and always prepared for her show. ... Misty loves radio, she loves the music she shares with listeners, and she loves those listeners." 
Fincher died on December 27, 2006 at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="36810892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810892" title="Sadaqet">
Sadaqet

Sadaqet (, also Romanized as Şadāqet) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810910" title="Shurabeh Khuran">
Shurabeh Khuran

Shurabeh Khuran (, also Romanized as Shūrābeh Khūrān; also known as Shūrābeh Taran) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 265, in 52 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810926" title="Sarah Archer (curator)">
Sarah Archer (curator)

Sarah Archer is a writer and curator based in Philadelphia, PA.
Archer is a graduate of Bard Graduate Center in the Hudson Valley, NY, she has her MA, 2006, in Decorative Arts, Design History, Material Culture. She left her position as the director of Greenwich House Pottery to join the Philadelphia Art Alliance as senior curator in 2011. Archer previously worked at the Museum of Art and Design MAD in New York City as a curatorial assistant. Her articles have appeared in the Journal of Modern Craft, American Craft, Artnet, Ceramics: Art and Perception, Hand/Eye, Modern Magazine and The Huffington Post. She recently guest-curated Bright Future: New Designs in Glass at the Pratt Manhattan Gallery (February 10 through May 5, 2012)."

</doc>
<doc id="36810930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810930" title="Taran, Ilam">
Taran, Ilam

Taran (; also known as Kāni Tarn, Kānī-ye Tarn, Taran-e Nāderī, and Teran-e Nāderī) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 420, in 83 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810932" title="Bradys Bend Iron Company Furnaces">
Bradys Bend Iron Company Furnaces

Brady's Bend Iron Company Furnaces is a set of historic blast furnaces and rolling mill located in Brady's Bend Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. The furnaces are constructed of stone, with the first blown into production in 1840. A second furnace was added in 1845. They were hot blast furnaces powered by a 250 horsepower steam engine. The rolling mill was also powered by a 250 horsepower steam engine and went into production in January 1842. The furnaces and mill were established by the Great Western Iron Works in August 1839, and is considered by some the "Pittsburgh of the Middle 1800's" and "Cradle of the Iron and Steel Industry in America." It was known as the Brady's Bend Iron Company after 1844. The company was credited with manufacturing the first T-rails west of the Allegheny Mountains. The works closed in 1873.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36810950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810950" title="Vileh, Ilam">
Vileh, Ilam

Vileh (, also Romanized as Vīlehand Veyleh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 188, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810964" title="Gods Behaving Badly (film)">
Gods Behaving Badly (film)

Gods Behaving Badly is an unreleased film adaptation of Marie Phillips' best-selling satire novel of the same name, about a young mortal couple (Alicia Silverstone and Ebon Moss-Bachrach) who encounter a group of Greek gods living in New York City. The film is the feature-length directorial debut of Marc Turtletaub, who is better known as a film producer.
The film was shot in 2011 and premiered at the 2013 Rome Film Festival.
Production.
The film was shot during mid-2011.
The setting of the story was changed from contemporary London to modern day New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="36810965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810965" title="Vileh">
Vileh

Vileh or Veyleh or Vaileh or Vayleh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36810975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810975" title="Portland State Vikings football under Jerry Glanville">
Portland State Vikings football under Jerry Glanville

Portland State Vikings football under Jerry Glanville encompassed the 2007, 2008 and 2009 NCAA Division I FCS football seasons that Glanville served as the head coach. On February 28, 2007, Glanville was hired as the twelfth head coach in the history of Portland State football. He replaced Tim Walsh who resigned as head coach on February 16 to accept the position of offensive coordinator at Army. Prior to his arrival, Glanville had served as defensive coordinator at Hawaii for both the 2005 and 2006 seasons. He had also served as the head coach for both the Houston Oilers (from 1986–1989) and the Atlanta Falcons (from 1990–1993) of the National Football League prior to his arrival at Portland.
The Vikings entered the 2007 season with high expectations, but finished with only three wins and eight losses (3–8). Their loss against Weber State was noted for having set Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) records for both the most combined points and points scored by a team in a loss. Looking to improve in 2008, the Vikings only won one additional game to finish with four wins and seven losses (4–7). After finishing the 2009 season with only two wins and nine losses (2–9), Glanville resigned as head coach of the Vikings on November 17. During his three season tenure at Portland State, Glanville compiled an overall record of nine wins and 24 losses (9–24).
2007 season.
As the 2007 squad entered the season, Nike released new team uniforms and stylized Viking logo. Although the team entered the season as the No. 13 ranked team in the FCS and the favorite to finish second behind Montana in the Big Sky, the team struggled and finished with a record of three wins and eight losses. After losses against No. 10 to open the season, and in their home opener, the first victory of the Glanville era came against at PGE Park. Portland then lost at San Diego State of the Football Bowl Subdivision a week before their second victory of the season at No. 21 .
The Vikings then lost their next five consecutive games against , , , Montana and . Their 68–73 loss against Weber State is noted for the combined 141 points scored by both teams and 68 points scored by the Vikings in the loss, both FCS records. At the time, the 141 combined points also set the NCAA all-division record for most points in a game. Portland then closed the season with a victory at to end their five game losing streak.
2008 season.
Looking to improve upon their three win 2007 season, Glanville led the Vikings to only an improvement of a single win in their 4–7 2008 campaign. After a victory over Division II to open the season, Portland lost three consecutive road games against , Washington State of the FBS and . The Vikings ended their three game losing streak with a 47–36 victory over . In the win, Portland quarterback set a FCS record for having the most pass attempts in a single game without an interception with 73.
The Vikings then lost at and defeated at PGE Park to improve their record to 3–4. However, Portland then had their second three game losing streak of the season with losses at , at home against Montana and at home against Montana State before they won their final game of the season at home against .
2009 season.
In what was the final season of the Glanville era, Portland State only won a pair of games en route to a final record of two wins and nine losses. After a loss at Oregon State to open the season, the Vikings won their first game of the season at home against of the NAIA. The Vikings then went on a three game losing streak with losses at Montana, and against both and before they won their second and final game of the season at . Portland State then concluded the season with five consecutive losses against , , at Seattle against Eastern Washington, against and at .

</doc>
<doc id="36810976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810976" title="Esmaili-ye Olya, Ilam">
Esmaili-ye Olya, Ilam

Esmaili-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Esmā‘īlī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36810993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36810993" title="Esmaili-ye Olya">
Esmaili-ye Olya

Esmaili-ye Olya or Esmaili Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811005" title="Eamonn Kennedy">
Eamonn Kennedy

Eamonn Kennedy is a retired Irish sportsman. He played hurling with his local club Dunnamaggin GAA and is a former member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team. He won an All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship medal with Kilkenny in 2000, starting at centre half back in a 5-15 to 1-14 win against Offaly in a final.
He went on to win an All Star award in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36811009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811009" title="Esmaili-ye Sofla, Ilam">
Esmaili-ye Sofla, Ilam

Esmaili-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Esmā‘īlī-ye Soflá; also known as Jūb-e Shahr Esma‘īl) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811017" title="Roger de Aswardby">
Roger de Aswardby

Roger de Aswardby MA (fl. 1353–1362) was a late 14th-century Master of University College, Oxford, England.
Roger de Aswardby was a Fellow of University College, Oxford, and later became Master (head) of the College.

</doc>
<doc id="36811021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811021" title="Esmaili-ye Sofla">
Esmaili-ye Sofla

Esmaili-ye Sofla or Esmaili Sofla () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811026" title="List of Philippine dramas broadcast internationally">
List of Philippine dramas broadcast internationally

This is a list of Philippine dramas that have or will be broadcast internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="36811047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811047" title="Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe">
Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe

The Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe is a nonprofit organization established to develop a regional science and technology center at the site of Nikola Tesla's former Wardenclyffe laboratory on Long Island, New York. The center raised money through crowdfunding to purchase the property.
History.
Early history of the site.
In 1898, electrical engineer, inventor, and pioneer of electrical power technology, Nikola Tesla began planning and designing the Wardenclyffe Tower, a wireless transmission tower intended for commercial trans-Atlantic wireless telephony, broadcasting, and proof-of-concept demonstrations of wireless power transmission. 
In 1901 construction began on the land near Long Island Sound, with initial funding from J. P. Morgan and other venture capitalists.
In June 1902 Tesla moved his laboratory from Manhattan to Wardenclyffe but the project ran into many problems including numerous design changes. In 1903 Guglielmo Marconi's wireless system was making regular transatlantic transmission with far less expensive equipment. That, plus a downturn on wall street, caused financing to start drying up for Tesla's project. Tesla tried to generate more interest in Wardenclyffe by revealing its ability to transmit wireless electricity, but Morgan and other financiers such as John Jacob Astor were reluctant to come forward with more money. By July 1904 the investors ceased additional financing. In May 1905, Tesla's patents on alternating current motors and other methods of power transmission expired, halting royalty payments and causing a severe reduction in the funds he had to put toward the Wardenclyffe Project and most of the site's activity had to be shut down for lack of funding. Attempts to resurrect the project failed and the facility was partially abandoned around 1911, and the tower structure ultimately deteriorated. The transmission tower was never fully operational.
More recently, the Wardenclyffe site became a processing facility for a photography company. Eventually the site was turned into a Superfund hazardous waste site, taking years to clean up. 
In 1994, acting on the advice of the President's Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, a formal nomination process was initiated by the Tesla Wardenclyffe Project seeking placement of the Wardenclyffe laboratory-office building and the Tesla tower foundation on both the New York State and National Registers of Historic Places. This would result in the creation of a monument to Tesla out of the Wardenclyffe site itself.
As of August 2012, the site was owned by Agfa.
Funding effort.
Jane Alcorn, president of the nonprofit group The Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe, and Matthew Inman, creator of web cartoon "The Oatmeal", joined forces in 2012 to honor "the Father of the Electric Age", by preserving the Wardenclyffe facility as a science center and museum. They initiated the "Let's Build a Goddamn Tesla Museum" fund-raising campaign on the Indiegogo crowdfunding site, to raise funding to buy the Wardenclyffe property and restore the facility. The project reached its goal of raising $850,000 within a week, after a $33,333 donation from the producers of the Tesla film "Fragments from Olympus-The Vision of Nikola Tesla" put them over the top. The campaign also attracted donations from benefactors such as Elon Musk, co-founder of Tesla Motors.
The money raised within one week was enough to get a matching grant from the state of New York, allowing the project to be able to meet the seller's asking price of $1.6 million. Including the grant, the crowdfunding campaign raised approximately $1,700,000 in six days, with the campaign originally slated to run 45 days.
On May 2, 2013, The Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe announced that they had purchased the 15.69 acre laboratory site from Agfa Corporation and will begin to raise "about $10 million to create a science learning center and museum worthy of Tesla and his legacy."
On May 14th, 2014, Tesla Motors founder Elon Musk agreed to donate $8 million toward the construction of a museum on the Wardenclyffe property.
Programs and exhibits.
The center plans to offer several programs, including science teacher associations, conferences, symposia, field trips, associations with science competitions, and other science programs.
Planned permanent exhibits include a Tesla exhibit, exploratorium-type exhibits, and a living museum.
On 23 September 2013, the president of Serbia, Tomislav Nikolić, unveiled a monument to Tesla at the Wardenclyffe site. Nikolić said that he had planned to push for the monument to be displayed at the United Nations, but chose Wardenclyffe once he learned it had been purchased for the center.

</doc>
<doc id="36811050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811050" title="Esteban Prats">
Esteban Prats

Esteban Prats was a Cuban baseball first baseman in the Cuban League. He played from 1902 to 1909 with several teams, including Almendares, Azul, and Habana.

</doc>
<doc id="36811058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811058" title="Yunusoğlu, Tarsus">
Yunusoğlu, Tarsus

Yunusoğlu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and between Turkish motorway and Turkish state highway . It is also a stop on railroad. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Yunusoğlu was 510 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36811064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811064" title="Mohammed Dib Zaitoun">
Mohammed Dib Zaitoun

Mohammed Dib Zaitoun (; born 20 May 1951) is the current head of the Syrian General Security Directorate and a close adviser of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. He is one of many officials sanctioned by the European Union for their actions against protesters participating in the Syrian civil war.
Background.
Maj Gen Dib Zaitoun was born in Damascus to an Alawi family. Before taking up his current position as head of the General Security Directorate, he was the head of the Political Security Directorate (PSD). He took over the PSD position in 2009 after the previous head Muhammad Mansoura was removed because of his involvement in organized smuggling activity on the Syrian Iraqi border. Before being head of the PSD, Dib Zaitoun had been the deputy head of the General Security Directorate during which time he was asked, along with other members of the president’s inner circle, to investigate the assassination in 2008 of Hezbollah’s Imad Mughniyeh in Damascus.
Syrian uprising.
At the start of the Syrian uprising, Dib Zaitoun became one of nine members of the government’s “crisis cell” which was tasked with handling the protests and the violent crack down on protesters. After the 18 July 2012 bombing of the crisis management cell and the death of four key members of the crisis management team, Dib Zaitoun was elevated to head the General Security Directorate and his previous position as head of the Political Security Directorate was taken over by Rustum Ghazali.

</doc>
<doc id="36811083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811083" title="Epiphone Rivoli">
Epiphone Rivoli

The Epiphone Rivoli was a semi-hollowbody bass designed by Gibson and built by Epiphone in Kalamazoo, Michigan from 1959 until 1970. From 1993 until 1999, the model was reinstalled as a part of the Korean-Japanese Epiphone line.
Origins.
After Gibson acquired Epiphone in 1957, Gibson installed an Epiphone production line for archtop instruments in its own factory in Kalamazoo, Michigan, using the stock Gibson acquired due to the takeover, with some models taken directly from Gibson (Casino, Riviera, ...), other models specifically designed for Epiphone (Newport, Crestwood, ...) or that were already designed by Epiphone (Emperor, Sheraton...). In 1959, the then one-year-old Gibson EB-2 received its Epiphone sibling, the Epiphone Rivoli.
Design.
Being made on the same production line as its sibling the EB-2, the Rivoli closely followed the production of the EB-2. Being only different in aesthetically aspect (a different headstock and sometimes a pickguard made out of tortoise instead of the black plastic that Gibson used), it shared the same body, neck and hardware as the EB-2.
The Rivoli featured an ES-335-style semi-hollow body, made from Laminated maple, a short 30.5-inch scale mahogany neck and one large "Sidewinder" humbucking pickup in the neck position. The electronics consisted of a single volume and tone knob, and a "choke-switch" (from 1959 onwards), which enhanced or /cut the bass frequencies. In 1970, when Gibson decided to move the production of Epiphone to Japan (Matsumoku), the production of Epiphones in the USA halted, marking the end for the Epiphone Rivoli. Its successor was the Epiphone 5120/EA-260, which shared very few similarities to the original Rivoli, had a bolt-on full-scale maple neck, other hardware and a redesigned body.
Models and variations.
The original run, which ran from 1959 to 1970, with a hiatus in 1962 and 1963, featured one model, the single-pickup variant, which remained structurally unchanged from start to finish. Only the hardware changed, with the pickup being changed from a single-coil pickup (1959) to a humbucker (1960–1970), the bridge from a bar-bridge to a two-point bridge with individual saddles in 1968 (the springloaded mute was installed in 1960) and a change from the banjo-tuners to the standard Kluson tuners in 1961. Custom options like a finish different from the stock Cherry, Sunburst or Natural, as well as a second pickup, was available at custom-order.
The Epiphone Rivoli ReIssue, made in Korea and Japan in the 1990s,were only visually identical. The neck was made from maple instead of mahogany, the pickup was differently built, giving it a different sound and the two-point bridge was replaced by a three-point bridge as used by Gibson from the mid-1970s. Black became a factory option for the finish.
The Epiphone Rivoli II was available as well, a Rivoli with two pickups, making it a sibling of the Gibson EB-2D.
Notable users.
Many Rivolis ended up in England, where their fat, hefty sound was well suited for the Merseybeat and British Invasion. Notable users of the Epiphone Rivoli in the 1960s include Chip Hawkes (The Tremeloes), Chas Chandler (The Animals), John Entwistle (The Who), Tony Jackson (The Searchers), Karl Green (Herman's Hermits), Paul Samwell-Smith, Chris Dreja, and Jimmy Page (The Yardbirds), Peter Birrell (Freddie and the Dreamers), and Scott Walker (The Walker Brothers).
More recent users include Adam Clayton (U2), Robert Levon Been (Black Rebel Motorcycle Club), Manuel Bellone (Licks) and Mammut (Kadavar).

</doc>
<doc id="36811097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811097" title="Henry Worsley (British Army officer)">
Henry Worsley (British Army officer)

Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Worsley CB (February 1783−1820) was a British Army officer. He was the third son of James Worsley (1748−1798), rector of Gatcombe on the Isle of Wight, by his wife, Ann Hayles.
Military career.
In the autumn of 1799 he obtained an ensigncy in the 6th Foot, and accompanied the expedition to Holland under the Duke of York. 
In 1800, he received a lieutenancy in the 52nd Foot. 
In 1802, the 2nd battalion of that regiment became the 96th foot, to which Worsley was posted. 
In 1804, he obtained a company, and in 1805 went to America with Sir Eyre Coote (1762−1823). 
In 1809, he joined the 85th regiment and took part in the expedition to the Scheldt under John Pitt, second earl of Chatham. 
In 1811, he proceeded to the Peninsula, and was present at the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro and the Siege of Badajoz.
Shortly afterwards he was promoted to a majority in the 4th garrison battalion, then at Guernsey, but, obtaining his removal to the 34th regiment in 1812, he returned to Spain and served in the advance on Madrid and the retreat from Salamanca. 
After the Battle of Vitoria in 1813, he was recommended for promotion, received the rank of lieutenant-colonel, and served in the conflicts in the Pyrenees, gaining the thanks of Lord Hill. In 1816, he proceeded to India, but was forced shortly afterwards by ill-health to return to Europe. 
He was appointed captain of Yarmouth Castle on the Isle of Wight and Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB).
Personal.
He died, unmarried, at Newport in the Isle of Wight on 13 May 1820, and was buried at Kingston ("Gent. Mag". 1823, i. 569. Accounts of his services, confused with those of Sir Henry Worsley, appear in "Gent. Mag". 1841, i. 654, Men of the Reign, and "La Biographie Universelle").

</doc>
<doc id="36811101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811101" title="Energy in California">
Energy in California

California's peak electricity demand occurred on July 24, 2006, at 2:44 pm, 50,270 Megawatts. Since then measures to reduce peak load have resulted in decreased peak demand. In 2011, the peak load was 45,545 MW, on September 7. By 2020 California is required to obtain at least 33% of electricity from renewable sources other than large hydro. The legislature is considering new regulations in 2013 which would compel utilities to invest in energy storage technology, the first such legislation in the United States.
29.7% of electricity was imported, and of that, 38.7% was of unspecified origin.

</doc>
<doc id="36811108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811108" title="Friedhelm">
Friedhelm

Friedhelm is a name of Germanic origin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811131" title="Equality Township">
Equality Township

Equality Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811132" title="Vincent J. McCauley">
Vincent J. McCauley

Vincent Joseph McCauley, C.S.C. (born March 8, 1906) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. A member of the Congregation of Holy Cross, he was the first Bishop of Fort Portal, having served as the ordinary of the diocese from 1961 to 1972. Later, he served as executive director of the Association of Member Episcopal Conferences in Eastern Africa from 1972 to 1979. A Servant of God, his cause for canonization was introduced in the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in August 2006.
Early life.
McCauley, the eldest of six children, was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa, to Charles McCauley and Mary Wickham. His father was a wire chief for American Telephone & Telegraph in Omaha, Nebraska. His mother attended to the needs of the home. The family prayed the rosary daily. Active in St. Francis Xavier Parish in Council Bluffs, his father was a member of the Knights of Columbus, and his mother was active in the altar guild and various prayer circles. These groups later assisted McCauley during his missionary efforts during troubled periods of the Great Depression and World War II.
McCauley attended Creighton Preparatory School, where he excelled in sports, especially baseball. He even played semi-professional baseball in Omaha to earn extra money. He graduated in 1924 and entered at Creighton University’s College of Arts and Letters as part of the class of 1928. His time at Creighton was cut short when members of the Congregation of Holy Cross gave a parish mission at St. Francis Xavier in the fall of 1924. Like many young Catholics, McCauley was “enamored by the mystique of Notre Dame.” In November 1924, McCauley left Council Bluffs to join the Congregation of Holy Cross.
Formation in the Congregation of Holy Cross.
July 1, 1925, McCauley entered the novitiate, professing first vows on July 2, 1926. He then professed perpetual vows on July 2, 1929 and graduated from the University of Notre Dame in June 1930. He then went to the Foreign Missionary Seminary in Washington, D.C. He was ordained a deacon on October 1, 1933. He was ordained a priest on June 24, 1934 by Bishop John F. Noll at the Basilica of the Sacred Heart, Notre Dame.
McCauley was formed at the Foreign Mission Seminary to serve as an overseas missionary. Years later, McCauley, in a lecture at Creighton, at least partially attributed his motivation to be a missionary to the example of sharing and self-sacrifice that he experienced from family and friends at home in Council Bluffs. After his 1934 ordination, the Congregation of Holy Cross, with the economic hardship of the Great Depression, had insufficient funds to send McCauley overseas. Immediately after ordination, McCauley as a member of the faculty at the congregation’s seminary in North Dartmouth, Massachusetts. McCauley, also the seminary’s director maintenance, was responsible for its relocation to the estate of Frederick Lothrop Ames in Easton, Massachusetts in 1935. This estate became Stonehill College in 1948.
Missionary to Bengal: 1936-1944.
A recovering economy allowed for McCauley’s assignment to East Bengal, a territory that roughly corresponds to modern day Bangladesh. McCauley departed along with another Holy Cross priest and two Holy Cross brothers aboard the RMS Franconia (1922) on October 12, 1936. He arrived in Dhaka on November 16, 1936.
From 1936 to 1939 McCauley was assigned to Bandhura to work in education, teaching in a high school and forming catechists. The mission in Bandhura instilled a lifelong commitment in McCauley to the formation of indigenous clergy. In 1939, McCauley was assigned to work with the Kuki people in the Mymensingh District. His ministry to the Kukis centered on evangelization and the sacramental life. While there, he contracted Malaria and spent several months of 1940 recuperating.
On October 1, 1940, he was appointed rector and superior of Little Flower Seminary in Bandhura. His health remained fragile, battling relapses of malaria and other tropical maladies with regular frequency.
In fact, McCauley’s enthusiasm for the mission could not triumph his persistent health problems. In December 1943, while on a trip to Dhaka, health problems flared anew, a severe case of Phlebitis causing a two-month hospitalization. Eventually, in the midst of World War II, Holy Cross prevailed upon the U.S. Army for assistance in providing a medical evacuation for McCauley. Flown back to the U.S., he began an extended period of recovery.
Work in the United States: 1946-1958.
In June 1945, McCauley began as assistant superior of the Foreign Mission Seminary in Washington, D.C., the very place he had studied. In 1946, he was appointed superior and rector, a post he would hold for six years.
In 1952, he was appointed procurator for the missions. During this period he began his first treatment at the Mayo Clinic for Skin cancer. As the chief fundraiser for Holy Cross Missions in Bengal, he bragged that he would log 80,000 miles annually to preach missions and raise funds.
Mission to Africa: 1958-1961.
Along with Fr. Arnold Fell, C.S.C., McCauley was sent to Uganda on a fact-finding mission. They were sent to offer a recommendation as to whether or not the Congregation of Holy Cross should assume responsibility for a mission in Uganda within the kingdoms of Bunyoro and Toro. In the report, McCauley wrote, “Unless something changes our impression, this is a great opportunity for Holy Cross.” Superiors in the order agreed, and plans were drawn up to send a group of religious to serve in Uganda.
In site of on-going concerns about his health, McCauley was selected to lead the mission, along with three newly ordained Holy Cross priests: Francis Zagorc, C.S.C., Robert Hesse, C.S.C., and Burton Smith, C.S.C. All three of the newly ordained had been slated for service in Bangladesh and had already sent their trunks there.
The Holy Cross religious arrived in Entebbe International Airport on November 4, 1958. Holy Cross served in the northern portion of the diocese, in and around Fort Portal. After three years of settling in, establishing institutions, and growth in the region, Holy Cross and McCauley were poised to take a further step in autonomy with the establishment of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Portal.
Episcopal Career: 1961-1972.
Having successfully guided the Holy Cross mission in Uganda from its beginning, Vincent McCauley was the most natural fit to continue leadership as the first bishop of Fort Portal. Ordained a bishop at the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame in May 1961, he was installed as bishop of Fort Portal two months later and set about organizing the new diocese. The independence movement in Uganda influenced his initial leadership. McCauley also organized his diocese according to principles that had guided his missionary efforts for the previous twenty years, namely: Inculturation and promotion of the local church and local clergy.
McCauley attended all four sessions of the Second Vatican Council, and it proved to be a strong influence on his leadership as bishop. While he labored to establish the necessary financing for his young diocese, he also sought to provide pastoral leadership for his diocese. In the mid-1960s, McCauley was an advocate for refugees from Rwanda, the Congo, and the Sudan. He worked to form close bonds among priests of diverse ages and nationalities from different cultures and religious orders. McCauley also had to overcome conflict among the tribes of his diocese. McCauley also led and supported the development of religious congregations of women and promoted their movement into new areas of ministry. Further, Bishop McCauley was instrumental in the promotion of the laity and ecumenism. McCauley also led great strides in the area of education. McCauley accomplished all this while suffering from repeated bouts with skin cancer, malaria, and other ailments.
AMECEA 1964 -1979.
From the outset of his time as bishop of Fort Portal, McCauley worked to organize and to promote the work of the Catholic Church in East Africa. In 1964, during the Second Vatican Council, McCauley became chairman of the Association of Member Episcopal Conferences in Eastern Africa (AMECEA). As chairman, McCauley guided the bishops to present a voice at Vatican II, guided the association through its first three triennial plenary meetings, and arranged the basic organization of AMECEA and its departments. Along with Fr. Killian Flynn, O.F.M., Cap., the organization's first secretary-general, McCauley rescued the organization’s finances. He also established the Gaba Pastoral Institute for the formation of catechists. When his period of chairmanship ended in 1973, he replaced Flynn as secretary-general. McCauley, in assuming the new responsibility, moved from Fort Portal to Nairobi.
Death.
Bishop McCauley suffered from facial skin cancer for much of his adult life. In all, he had more than fifty surgeries. As he grew older, additional health concerns emerged. In September 1976, a plastic aorta was inserted into his heart at the Mayo Clinic. Beginning in July 1982, he began to suffer acute pulmonary hemorrhages. In October 1982, he returned to the U.S. for treatment. After a particularly severe hemorrhage, aware of the risks, McCauley undertook exploratory surgery and died while undergoing the surgery on November 1, 1982. On November 4, 1982, McCauley was buried in the Holy Cross community cemetery at Notre Dame.
In August 2006, the cause for canonization of Bishop McCauley, C.S.C. was introduced in the Congregation of Saints. As “Servant of God” Bishop McCauley’s is continuing to be reviewed by the Diocese of Fort Portal.

</doc>
<doc id="36811145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811145" title="Dard 120">
Dard 120

The DARD 120 is a shoulder launched missile launcher of French origin manufactured by SEP.
Work on the new grenade launcher "przeciwpancernym" started in Societe Europeenne de Propulsion in 1978 year. It had a construction similar to that have been operated LRAC F1, but greater penetration. The outcome was a grenade Dard 90, also known as AC 1000. It did przebijalności required, so it was decided to increase the caliber of 95 mm. In 1979, the work was stopped on the AC 1000 and began work on a 120 mm caliber grenade launcher. The result was presented in the 1981 grenade year Dard 120 (presented at the same time competing launchers APILAS and Jupiter 300 ).
Overview.
The DARD 120 was designed in France for use by the infantryman of the French Army. It fires a 4.72 inch (120mm) projectile at high speed and is a very accurate weapon. Designed for short range use, the DARD 120 has a maximum effective range of 656 yards (600m).
The DARD 120 uses a split breechblock system. The weapon is made up of two parts, a disposable pre-loaded launch tube clips onto a reusable firing device. The firing device weighs 9.92 pounds (4.5 kg) and is 30 inches (0.76m) long. The launch tube weighs an additional 22 pounds (10 kg) and is 47 inches (1.2m) in long. The DARD fires a 7.27 pounds (3.3 kg) HEAT warhead at 918 ft/s (280 m/s). It is capable of penetrating 33.4 inches (850mm) of steel armor. With optional night vision sights and an operating temperature range between -22 and 122 degrees Fahrenheit (-30 and 50 degrees Celsius), the DARD is a versatile weapon that can be used in desert as well as arctic conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="36811149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811149" title="Baliyan, Eyvan">
Baliyan, Eyvan

Baliyan (, also Romanized as Balīyan; also known as Baleyn) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811152" title="Prince Victor of Thurn and Taxis">
Prince Victor of Thurn and Taxis

Prince "Victor" Theodore Maximilian Egon Maria Lamoral of Thurn and Taxis () (18 January 1876, Ecska – 28 January 1928, Vienna, Austria ) was a member of the Princely House of Thurn and Taxis and a Prince of Thurn and Taxis. 
Family.
Prince Victor, who was born in 1876, is the youngest child of the late Prince Egon Maximilian of Thurn und Taxis and his wife Viktoria Edelspacher de Gyoryok. On 1 November 1911, Prince Victor married Mrs. Gerald Fitzgerald, Born Lida Eleanor Nicolls in 1875 in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, she was the daughter of grocer John A. Nicolls and his wife Lenora T. Nicolls. Mrs. Fitzgerald's first husband was Gerald Fitzgerald of Ireland. She returned to the United States from England last Friday. She was born Lida Eleonor Nicholls in 1875 in Uniontown. Lida married her first husband, Irish-born General Gerald Purcell Fitzgerald in Los Angeles in late 1899.
Life.
Prior to the marriage, Lida was reportedly said to possess $1 million in her own right. Following her marriage to Prince Victor, Lida announced that she and her husband would reside in Europe and she would never again return to the United States. Prince Victor of Thurn and Taxis is a son of the late Prince and Princess Egon, and is a Hungarian citizen by virtue of his father having become naturalized in Hungary at the of his marriage. 
Following the outbreak of World War I, Prince Victor was called to serve as an officer in the Austro-Hungarian Army causing Lida to return to the United States. Shortly before Lida was to sail to Europe to rejoin her husband in the Austrian Republic, Bernard Francis S. Gregory, known as "Count Gregory", filed a lawsuit against her for $50,000 in damages on 8 May 1920 in the New York Supreme Court alleging she had made false statements about him which had caused him to be "shunned by social circles" in New York City. Gregory received the order from Justice Robert Paul Lydon shortly after he learned from Lida's son Gerald Fitzgerald, Dr. Stewart Hastings, and Prince Herman of Saxe-Weimar that she was soon returning to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="36811172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811172" title="Baleyn, Ilam">
Baleyn, Ilam

Baleyn (; also known as Balban and Belbīn) is a village in Keshvari Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 168, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811175" title="Baleyn">
Baleyn

Baleyn () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811181" title="Musical Heritage Society">
Musical Heritage Society

Musical Heritage Society, Inc., was an American mail-order budget record label founded in New York City in 1962 by Michael "Mischa" Naida, MD (1900–1991), co-founder of Westminster Records, and T.C. Fry Jr. (1926-1996). After a small initial group of pseudonymous issues licensed from the Telemann Society and Philips, MHS began to issue large numbers of recordings licensed from Erato. Eventually the label issued most of the Erato catalogue, including discs previously issued on several US retail labels. MHS also drew on such catalogues as Library of Recorded Masterpieces, Hispavox, Somerset, Amadeo, Expériences Anonymes, Boston, Angelicum, Muza, Arcophon, Lyrichord, Da Camera, Supraphon, Pelca, Iramac, Unicorn, Christophorus, Valois and Harmonia Mundi. In the late 60's to early 70's, there was a piece of music found in a closet somewhere, written by Johann Pachelbel, called Canon in D. MHS had it recorded and then had it played on WQXR in New York. T.C. Fry Jr. said it was the Rock 'N Roll of Pachelbel's day. In 1976 Naida sold the firm to Albert Nissim (1923–2010), who moved the offices to Oakhurst, New Jersey. Albert Nissim's two sons, Jeffrey R. (born 1954) and Robert, assumed most of the duties for the family business.
By 1980, the label had a catalog of over 3,000 discs, most of which were licensed from small European companies. From May 1981 until 1999 MHS produced and sold retail its own recordings using the label Musicmasters. After that, MHS licensed standard repertory from EMI and Polygram.
In July 2011, Passionato LLC, based in Montclair, New Jersey, purchased Musical Heritage Society, which at the time, had over 100,000 CD, DVD, and SACD titles in its database. Passionato is a commercial provider of DRM–free classical music downloads. James G. Glicker (born 1954) is CEO and founder of Passionato.

</doc>
<doc id="36811184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811184" title="Baliyan">
Baliyan

Baliyan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811186" title="Ernest Wedderburn">
Ernest Wedderburn

Sir Ernest Maclagan Wedderburn OBE, DL, LL.D., DSc, FRSE, WS (1884 - 3 June 1958) was an Edinburgh lawyer, and a significant figure both in the civic life of the city and in the Scottish legal establishment. He held the posts of Professor of Conveyancing in the University of Edinburgh (1922–35), Deputy Keeper of the Signet (1935–54), and Chairman of the General Council of Solicitors (1936–49), the forerunner to the Law Society of Scotland. He was also an enthusiastic amateur scientist, and Treasurer of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1937–47).
Early life.
Wedderburn was born in Angus in 1884, the son of Alexander Stormonth Maclagan Wedderburn, M.D., of Pearsie. He was one of fourteen children, and the younger brother of Joseph Wedderburn, who would become Professor of Mathematics at Princeton and conceive the Wedderburn–Etherington number and Artin–Wedderburn theorem. He was also distantly related through his father to eighteenth century Lord of Session Peter Wedderburn, Lord Chesterhall, and to the latter's son, Lord Chancellor Alexander Wedderburn, 1st Earl of Rosslyn.
On 5 April 1911, he married Mary, daughter of Rev Thomas Smith Goldie, Minister of Granton. During the Great War, whilst in the employ of the Ordnance Committee, his family's aptitude towards mathematics came to the fore as he found a new system for calculating the allowance to be made for ballistic winds in long-range artillery shooting, which had been widely adopted by the end of the War. He was appointed Assistant Director of Experiments at the Ministry of Defence's site at Shoeburyness, Essex, was mentioned twice in despatches and awarded an OBE. Their son, Ernest Alexander Maclagan Wedderburn, a Major in the Royal Scots, was killed on Christmas Eve 1944, and is buried in the Ancona War Cemetery, Italy.
Career.
Wedderburn entered the University of Edinburgh, graduating M.A. (1904) LL.B. (1907), having in 1906 commenced an apprenticeship in the offices of Gillespie and Paterson WS (now Gillespie Macandrew). Upon completing his apprenticeship, he was admitted as a Writer to the Signet, enabling him to practise as a solicitor, and joined the firm of Carment, Wedderburn and Watson. The Wedderburn of the firm's name was Joseph Robert Maclagan Wedderburn (1850–1936), Ernest's paternal uncle, who in 1922 would lead the merger with Guild and Shepherd which would form Shepherd and Wedderburn, now one of Scotland's largest firms.
Ernest practised with the firm until that merger in 1922, when he took up the post of Professor of Conveyancing in the Faculty of Law of the University of Edinburgh, in succession to Professor Mounsey. During this time he pioneered the employment of small tutorial-sized classes in his teaching, a practice which continued until instruction in drafting was removed from undergraduate studies to the Diploma in Legal Practice in 1981. He demitted the Chair in 1935, and was succeeded by Harry H. Monteath. In 1938, the University awarded him the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws.
Upon his retirement from the Edinburgh Chair in 1935, Wedderburn became Deputy Keeper of the Signet, the most senior member of the Society of Writers to Her Majesty's Signet. In civil actions in the Court of Session, a pursuer is required to have his writ stamped with the Signet to give him authority from the Crown to serve the writ on the defender. That conferral, called "passing the Signet," was until 1976 carried out by the Signet Office, the administration of which was one of the Society's responsibilities. The office of Keeper of the Signet is held by the Lord Clerk Register (the oldest surviving of the Great Officers of State, which at the time was held by Walter Erskine, 12th Earl of Mar) but is a purely ceremonial one, the Deputy Keeper instead being the most senior membership representative in the Society's administration.
A year later he took up the post of Chairman of the General Council of Solicitors in Scotland. This body had been established a few years before by the Solicitors (Scotland) Act 1933 as the first national body for the solicitors' profession, with responsibilities for the education and training of solicitors and for enforcing standards of conduct, and its membership drawn from representatives of local faculties. Admission to practice was still controlled by these local bodies, such as the Society of Advocates in Aberdeen, Royal Faculty of Procurators in Glasgow, and in Wedderburn's case the WS Society. The Act had also established the Independent Discipline Committee, before which cases by the General Council against mischievous solicitors were to be brought. A 1946 photographic portrait of him by the Bassano studio, taken in his capacity as Chairman of the General Council, is held by the National Portrait Gallery, London.
Accounts of the General Council's efficacy are unfavourable, mostly citing lack of funds, and it was replaced in 1949 by a new body, the Law Society of Scotland. This body assumed the responsibility of registering all solicitors and taking cases before the new Solicitors' Discipline Tribunal, as well as charging registration fees to prevent some of the issues faced by its predecessor. Wedderburn served as Chairman of the Law Society in its first year, resigning in 1950.
Science.
Although a lawyer by trade, Wedderburn had a keen interest in science. During the Great War he found a new system for calculating the allowance to be made for ballistic winds in long-range artillery shooting, which had been widely adopted by the end of the War. Whilst a student he had worked in the University's vacations with Sir John Murray on the Scottish Lake Survey, and continued this enthusiasm later in life, following George Chrystal's work on seiches on the Scottish lochs. He was elected an Ordinary Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh on 21 January 1907; his brother, Joseph, had been one of the youngest Fellows ever elected, at age 21. He was an active member of the Society, proposing many notable scientists for membership and serving as Treasurer for ten years, from 1937 to 1947. He was also closely involved with the Scottish Meteorological Society, and published an article on its history in the November 1955 edition of journal "Weather".
Retirement and death.
Wedderburn had remained Deputy Keeper of the Signet throughout his tenure as Chairman of the General Council, but retired from this post as well in 1954. He died on 3 June 1958 at his home in Succoth Gardens, in Edinburgh's West End.

</doc>
<doc id="36811188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811188" title="Mishmeret Yesha">
Mishmeret Yesha

Mishmeret Yesha is an Israeli organization that trains Israeli settlers in counterterrorism techniques and the use of weapons to guard Israeli outposts and settlements against Palestinian attack. It was founded in 1988 and its name means "Guardians of Yesha." Yisrael Danziger is head of operations for the organization and one of its three founders. Danziger is a native of Brooklyn, New York.
Principals.
Mishmeret Yesha lists five principals that it says defines the organization.
Operations.
Mishmeret Yesha started as an ad hoc legal counsel during the First Intifada to provide legal assistance to Israeli settlers who were in court for shooting at Palestinians. Since 1988, the organization has operated the "Matir Assurim - The Jewish Legal Fund" with the stated aim of assisting "Jews victimized by anti-Israel NGOs and government policies, and who personally suffer from the Arab terror let loose on the people of Israel".
Mishmeret Yesha's main operations are now in security training, medical aid, legal assistance, education, the building of connector roads, and land development. By 2008 Mishmeret Yesha had about 4,000 volunteers and had helped train more than 100 "rapid response teams" of settlers in the West Bank. The Israeli Defense Force (IDF) then provides M16 rifles, Tavor rifles, and ammunition to authorized teams. Settlers with civilian gun licenses also carry personal handguns. The IDF also allows Mishmeret Yesha to use its bases for training. The training takes place over a year and involves marksmanship and fitness components. Trainees must also miss 20 workdays during their year of training.
"The New York Times" described Mishmeret Yesha as a "radical organization" that supports the "creation of jobs and development for Jews" but "rejects working with or acknowledging any legitimacy to Palestinians". The organization does agricultural work intended to maintain a Jewish presence in the West Bank. Their largest project is in the area around Shilo, where they have cleared and planted thousands of dunams of land near Shvut Rachel and Adei Ad. It also owns sheep and has fields around Hebron and Itamar. It also runs a factory which designs and makes bullet-proof vests.
Mishmeret Yesha organizes opposition to directives from Israel's Supreme Court to dismantle Israeli outposts, such as Amona, to prevent them from being carried out. In 2005, Baruch Ben Yosef, one of the patrons of Mishmeret Yesha, said "we can put together thousands of youth".
Locations.
Residents of numerous settlements and outposts have received training from Mishmeret Yesha, including Sde Boaz, Shavei Shomron, Kfar Tapuah, Bat Ayin, Pnei Kedem, and Esh Kodesh.
Mishmeret Yesha insists that settlements that receive its training exclude Arabs. Yisrael Danziger told the Jerusalem Post that "we don't want to have anything to do with any organization that employs Arabs. There is no sense in training a rapid response team in a settlement or institution where you have a bunch of Arabs walking around gathering information."
Yisrael (Izzy) Danziger.
Mishmeret Yesha founder Danziger took aliyah from Williamsburg, Brooklyn in 1972 at the age of 19. His was the only white family on their street and Danziger recalled that "As early as I can remember I felt strange, out of place, in Williamsburg. Everything about those people was weird, the way they reacted to things. I did not know why I had that feeling." 
In 1969 there were anti-Jewish riots in Williamsburg and Danziger attended a speech by Meir Kahane which gave him the idea that Jews could use force to defend themselves and their families. Danziger attributes his eventual foundation of Mishmeret Yesha to this experience. 
Danziger has said that Arab citizens of Israel, who make up 20% of Israel's population, should be transferred to an Arab country because they are "intrinsically disloyal to Israel" and "a cancer because of who they are and what they believe". He believes that this "will have to happen in the course of a very major war." Danziger, who rejects the word "Palestinian", has said that "the Arabs have to understand that they can’t stay here" (in the West Bank) and that "there is no in-between possible." 
Danziger is a voting member of the Likud Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="36811189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811189" title="Barzah-e Khuran">
Barzah-e Khuran

Barzah-e Khuran (, also Romanized as Barzah-e Khūrān) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811191" title="List of U.S. high school basketball national player of the year awards">
List of U.S. high school basketball national player of the year awards

This list contains annual awards given to the top national high school basketball player in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36811198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811198" title="Choqa Mahi">
Choqa Mahi

Choqa Mahi (, also Romanized as Choqā Māhī) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811206" title="WhiteBoard Product Solutions">
WhiteBoard Product Solutions

WhiteBoard Product Solutions is a product development consultancy (previously known as Leisure Design) based in the Minneapolis/St. Paul area that helps clients develop and launch new products. WhiteBoard develops products in multiple categories including medical devices, commercial products, electronics, sports equipment, household goods, soft goods, and toys. Product development services offered by WhiteBoard include industrial design, engineering, prototyping, packaging, and graphic design.
History.
WhiteBoard was founded by Rick Polk in 1986 as Leisure Design. The original name was derived from the assets that Polk purchased from the toy company Leisure Dynamics, where Polk was Vice President of R&D, when it was sold to Coleco Industries, the maker of the Cabbage Patch Kids dolls. In 1991, Leisure was commissioned by George Plimpton to design a gag gift for President George H. W. Bush. President Bush was so pleased with the gift that he called owner Rick Polk to personally thank him and also to commission Leisure to create a gag gift for First Lady Barbara Bush. In 2007, the business was renamed WhiteBoard Product Solutions to reflect that clients were increasingly bringing it into the front end of projects so that it could bring a holistic approach to designing solutions. The company often plays a silent partner, helping clients develop and refine new products so that they are commercially viable.
WhiteBoard won its first design award in 1991 for the FM 320 Ski Exerciser, the first time a fitness product won the best consumer product award. In 1993 and 1997 WhiteBoard was awarded International Design Excellence Awards juried by the Industrial Designers Society of America and previously co-sponsored by Business Week Magazine.
Clients.
WhiteBoard has helped many large and small companies develop and launch new products including Toro, Mattel, Fisher Price, Aveda, Nike, Ecolab, Medtronic, Arctic Cat, Wagner, Hasbro and Spalding.

</doc>
<doc id="36811213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811213" title="Jub Gowhar-e Olya">
Jub Gowhar-e Olya

Jub Gowhar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Jūb Gowhar-e ‘Olyā and Jūbgowhar-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 320, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811222" title="Jub Gowhar-e Sofla">
Jub Gowhar-e Sofla

Jub Gowhar-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Jūb Gowhar-e Soflá and Jūbgowhar-e Soflá; also known as Deh-e Jān ‘Alī and Jūb Gabar) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811229" title="Equestrian at the Summer Paralympics">
Equestrian at the Summer Paralympics

Paralympic equestrian competition is a Para-equestrian event that consists of dressage. It has been part of the Summer Paralympic Games since 1996.
Medal summary.
Updated to the 2012 Summer Paralympics, all medals are counted in all equestrian events in the Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36811232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811232" title="Dallas (1978 TV series) season 1">
Dallas (1978 TV series) season 1

The first season of the television series "Dallas", a miniseries of five episodes, was aired on five consecutive Sundays in April of 1978. Though initially not planned to be followed by any additional episodes, the miniseries was followed by thirteen full seasons.
Cast.
Starring.
In alphabetical order:
Notable guest stars.
Most notable among the first season's recurring guest stars was Tina Louise as J.R's secretary/mistress Julie Grey, who would reprise her role for season two, Donna Bullock as the first of four characters to portray Bobby's original secretary Connie Brasher, and Jo McDonnell as Ray's girlfriend Maureen.
Major non-recurring guest stars included Jeffrey Byron as Lucy's schoolmate, Roger Hurley, and Paul Tulley as their teacher Mr. Miller (episode 2); Norman Alden as Ewing family friend and US Senator William "Wild Bill" Orloff (episode 3); Brian Dennehy and Cooper Huckabee as Luther Frick and Peyton Allen, who held the Ewing women hostage after J.R. and Ray slept with their wife and girlfriend (episode 4); and James Canning as Cliff's and Pam's cousin Jimmy Monahan, who was recast with Philip Levien for the season 2 premiere, and then never seen again (episode 5).
Crew.
Series creator David Jacobs wrote the first and the final episode of the season and served as the executive script consultant (i.e. showrunner). He remained as the creative consultant until mid-way through the second season when he left his day-to-day involvement with "Dallas" to create, and later serve as showrunner on, spinoff series "Knots Landing". The three other season one episodes were written by Virginia Aldridge, which was her only involvement with the show; Arthur Bernard Lewis, who remained on the show until the en, and also wrote the teleplay for the two reunion movies; and Camille Marchetta, who left during season four.
Lee Rich and Philip Capice served as executive producers for the season. Rich stayed on the show until the season three finale, and Capicel left his duties at the end of the ninth season. Future showrunner Leonard Katzman's involvement with the first season was limited to being the producer, and Cliff Fenneman—who served as producer for the final three seasons of the show—was the associate producer. The directing duties of the season were shared by Robert Day and Irving J. Moore.
Production.
The miniseries was shot during six weeks of the winter of 1977, on location in Dallas, with Cloyce Box Ranch serving as the first 'Southfork Ranch' exterior, and at a Dallas Swiss Avenue building used for the interior stage sets.
DVD release.
The first and second seasons were released by Warner Bros. Home Video on a Region 1 DVD box set on August 24, 2004. It includes five double-sided DVDs, and, alongside the 29 episodes of the first two seasons, it also features a "Soap Talk" Dallas reunion featurette, and three commentary tracks, by actors Larry Hagman and Charlene Tilton, and series creator David Jacobs.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36811236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811236" title="Para-equestrian">
Para-equestrian

Para-equestrianism is governed by the International Federation for Equestrian Sports (FEI), and includes two competitive events: One is para-equestrian dressage, which is conducted under the same basic rules as conventional dressage, but with riders divided into different competition grades based on their functional abilities. The other is para-equestrian driving, which operates under the same basic rules as combined driving but places competitors in various grades based on their functional abilities. The Paralympic games host a para-equestrian dressage competition, and have done so since 1996, but like the Summer Olympics, they do not yet offer driving.
History.
The first official Paralympic Games was held in Rome in 1960. The Games were initially open only to athletes in wheelchairs; at the 1976 Summer Games, athletes with different disabilities were included for the first time at a Summer Paralympics. Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympic games for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, all disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on functional disability type. 
Pare-equestrian dressage was added to the Paralympic Games program at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. The FEI brought para-equestrian sport under its umbrella in 2006. Riders with physical disabilities may compete on the same team as people with vision impairment.
Events.
For national team competitions such as the Olympics, each team consists of three riders, one of whom must be a Grade 1A, Grade 1B or Grade 2 rider. , people with physical and visual disabilities are eligible to compete.
Dressage events include "Walk Only Tests" for Grade 1A and "Walk and Trot" for Grade 1B. The dressage events open to Grade 2 classification included "Walk and Trot but Canter allowed in Freestyle". The dressage events open to Grade 3 classification included "Walk, Trot and Canter and may show lateral work in Freestyle". In these three grades, participants use a 40 x 20 metre arena. The dressage events open to Grade 4 classification included "Walk, Trot, Canter, Canter Half-Pirouettes, 3 and 4 sequence changes and lateral work." At Grade 4, participants move up to the 60 x 20 metre arena. 
For Australian hopefuls to the 2012 Summer Paralympics, they must meet a percentage of a target score "based on the average overall scores that achieved medals in each grade at the 2010 World Equestrian Games". For Grade 1 classification, the percentage was 71.78% for Grade 1A and 71.95% for Grade 1B. In grade 2 classification, the percentage was 69.7%, for Grade 3, the percentage was 70.88%m, and for Grade 4 classification, the percentage was 69.88%.
Para-equestrian classification.
The classification system for para-equestrian sport is a graded system based on the degree of physical or visual disability and handled at the international level by the FEI. The sport has eligible classifications for people with physical and vision disabilities. Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.
History of classification.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was done by the Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres.
The CP-ISRA used the classification system designed for field athletics events. In 1983, there were five cerebral palsy classifications. Class 1 competitors could compete in the Division 1, Class 1 and Class 2 events, while riding with a leader and 2 siderwalkers and/or a backwalker. In 1990, the Equestrian Federation of Australia did not have specific classifications for competitors with disabilities. Acknowledging membership needs though, some rules had organically developed that looked like classifications based on rule modification for different disability types. These included acknowledging one-armed riders were not required to hold the reins in both arms, riders with hearing loss were given visual signals instead of audio signals at the start of and during an event, and blind riders, when they reached a marker, were given an auditory signal. When the sport was undergoing growth in 1995, a classification system was established in order to provide a level playing field for competitors. The system developed at the time was called "Functional Profile System for Grading" and was largely created by Christine Meaden, who had IPEC classifier status. By 1999, there were four classifications for competitors and 120 accredited equestrian classifiers around the world. At the New York hosted Empire State Games for the Physically Challenged, para-equestrian competition was broken into hearing and vision impaired classifications, amputee classifications, Les Autres, cerebral palsy and spinal cord disabilities.
At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, classification was done at the venue because classification assessment required watching a competitor play the sport. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 6 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 1 class change.
Classification at the national level is handled by different organizations. For example, Australian para-equestrian sport and classification is managed by the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
Diagrams.
The images below are examples derived from FEI's guide.
Grade 1.
The Grade 1 (Grade I) para-equestrian classification is defined by "BBC Sport" as follows: "Grade 1 incorporates severely disabled riders with Cerebral Palsy, Les Autres and Spinal Cord Injury." In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "Grade 1: Severely disabled riders with cerebral palsy, les autres and spinal cord injury" In 2011, the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) defined this classification as: "Riders compete in four mixed disability groups or ‘grades’, with Grade 1 split into two sub-categories (1a and 1b)." In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "GRADE I: These riders are mainly wheelchair users who have poor trunk balance and/or impaired function in all four limbs or good upper limb control but no trunk balance." 
The FEI defines this classification as "Grade I — This is split again into two sections: Grade Ib — At this level the rider will ride walk with some trot work excluding medium trot. Grade Ia — At this level the rider will ride a walk only test." The Australian Paralympic Committee defined this classification as: "Grade I: Athletes with a physical disability. Riders with poor trunk balance and/or impairment of function in all four limbs or no trunk balance and good upper limb function. Riders generally use a wheelchair in everyday life. Grade 1 is split into 1a and 1b."
Competitors in Grade 1 include Australia's Grade 1B Grace Bowman and Grade 1B Joann Formosa. The classification also include Australia's Grade 1A competitor Rob Oakley.
Competitors in this grade use a snaffle bit. Riders may use their voice to guide the horse during competition provided they do so in moderation. Riders from this classification may compete at a higher functionality class, but they must declare their intention to do so by end of the year for competitions in the following year.
Grade 2.
The Grade 2 (Grade II) para-equestrian classification is defined by "BBC Sport" as follows: "Grade 2 incorporates Cerebral Palsy, Les Autres, Spinal Cord injury and Amputee riders with reasonable balance and abdominal control. " In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "Grade 2: Athletes with reasonable balance and abdominal control including amputees" In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "GRADE II: These riders are mainly wheelchair users or people who have severe movement impairment involving the lower half and with mild to good upper limb function, or severe impairment on one side of the body. " Federation Equestre International defines this classification as "At this level the rider will ride a novice level test excluding canter." The Australian Paralympic Committee defined this classification as: "Grade II: Athletes with a physical disability. Riders with severe locomotor impairment involving the trunk and with mild to good upper limb function, or severe unilateral impairment. Riders generally use a wheelchair in everyday life."
Competitors in this grade use a snaffle bit. Riders may use their voice to guide the horse during competition provided they do so in moderation. Riders from this classification may compete at a higher functionality class, but they must declare their intention to do so by end of the year for competitions in the following year.
Grade 3.
The Grade 3 (Grade III) Para-equestrian classification is defined by "BBC Sport" as follows: "Grade 3 incorporates Cerebral Palsy, Les Autres, Amputee, Spinal Cord Injury and totally blind athletes with good balance, leg movement and co-ordination." In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "Grade 3: Athletes with good balance, leg movement and coordination including blind athletes" In 2011, the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games defined this classification as: "The visually-impaired compete alongside those with a physical disability in Grades 3 and 4 only." In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "GRADE III: Riders in this section are mainly able to walk without support, with moderate impairment on one side of the body, moderate impairment in all four limbs or severe arm impairment. They may require a wheelchair to cover longer distances. They must have a total loss of vision in both eyes." Federation Equestre International defines this classification as "At this level the rider will ride a novice level test." The Australian Paralympic Committee defined this classification as: "Grade III: Athletes with a physical disability or vision impairment. Riders with moderate unilateral impairment, moderate impairment in four limbs or severe arm impairment. In day to day life, riders are usually ambulant but some may use a wheelchair for longer distances or due to lack of stamina. Riders with a vision impairment who compete in this class have total loss of sight in both eyes (B1)."
Competitors in this grade use a snaffle bit or double bridle. Riders may not use their voice to guide the horse during competition unless their classifier has specifically allowed for this. Riders from this classification may compete at a higher functionality class, but they must declare their intention to do so by end of the year for competitions in the following year. Competitors in this classification include Australia's Sharon Jarvis.
Grade 4.
Grade 4 (Grade IV) Para-equestrian classification is defined by "BBC Sport" as follows: "Grade 4 incorporates Cerebral Palsy, Les Autres, Amputee, Spinal Cord injury and Visually Impaired. This last group comprises ambulant athletes with either impaired vision or impaired arm/leg function. " In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "Grade 4: Ambulant athletes (those able to walk independently) with either impaired vision or impaired arm or leg function" In 2011, the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games defined this classification as: "The visually-impaired compete alongside those with a physical disability in Grades 3 and 4 only." In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "GRADE IV: These riders have impairment in one or two limbs or some degree of visual impairment." Federation Equestre International defines this classification as "At this level the rider will ride an elementary/medium level test" The Australian Paralympic Committee defined this classification as: "Grade IV: Athletes with a physical disability or vision impairment. Riders have a physical impairment in one or two limbs (for example limb loss or limb deficiency), or some degree of visual impairment (B2)."
Competitors in this grade use a snaffle bit or a double bridle. Riders may not use their voice to guide the horse during competition unless their classifier has specifically allowed for this. 
Competitors in this classification include Australia's Hannah Dodd.

</doc>
<doc id="36811248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811248" title="Jub Gowhar">
Jub Gowhar

Jub Gowhar or Jubgowhar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811250" title="CHI KC 518 Adventourer">
CHI KC 518 Adventourer

The Composite Helicopters International KC 518 Adventourer is a composite fuselage, 5-6 place turbine kit helicopter.
Design.
The KC 518 is a composite fuselage helicopter kit for amateur construction. The airframe uses a carbon fiber and kevlar composite fuselage with a shrouded tail rotor. An auxiliary fuel system can be installed.
Test Flight Crash.
At about 11:15am on 7th May 2013, while on a test flight Pilot Peter Maloney and his female passenger were rescued uninjured after ditching in the Hauraki Gulf, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36811252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811252" title="Dallas (season 1)">
Dallas (season 1)

Dallas (season 1) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811256" title="Hesar-e Shaveh">
Hesar-e Shaveh

Hesar-e Shaveh (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shāveh and Ḩeşār Shāveh) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811257" title="Records of Heroes">
Records of Heroes

Records of Heroes (英雄記) is a Chinese history book of the latest period of
the Han dynasty. It is also known as the Records of the Heroes of Latest Han
(漢末英雄記). It contains the anecdotal stories of the local warlords. It was written
by Wang Can. Though the book was lost early during the history, in the days of Ming dynasty,
(Wang) (王世間) compiled its scattered annotations in the Records of the Three Kingdoms
of Pei Songzhi, published its compiled book (輯本).
Though the exact year it was written is not clear, among its stories which are clearly 
year defined, as the 208 year's anecdote that "in the middle of Battle of Red Cliff, 
Cao Cao tried to cross Yantz River by connecting lots of rafts, however,
as Zhou Yu delivered fire attacks on it, Cao Cao had to retreat" 
is the most latest one, therefore it is likely that the book was written 
between 208 and 217 when Wang Can died.
経籍志 of Book of Sui (隋書) says that "There was Wang Can's 8 books named 
Records of the Heroes of Latest Han. They are lost. 
They were 10 books during Yang(梁) period.".
経籍志 of Book of Tang says that "Wang Can's 10 books named Records of the 
Heroes of Latest Han". 
Here it is likely that "Records of Heroes of Latest Han" is identical to "Records of Heroes".
Regarding the words Latest Han, Siku Quanshu Zongmu Tiyao (四庫全書總目提要)
put an opinion that "presumably, Wang Can died when the Han dynasty still existed.
Though there were so many symptoms that the Han dynasty was near its death,
Emperor Xian still was in the throne. Wang Can surely could not put the words 
of Latest Han at the title of his book, therefore Latest Han 
are thought to be introduced by the future generations.
However as Wang Can had described Cao Cao as holy ruler (聖君) in his book 
Poet of War Time (從軍詩), we could not say with full certainty that Wang Can
did not put Latest Han in the title of his book".

</doc>
<doc id="36811271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811271" title="Khuran-e Olya">
Khuran-e Olya

Khuran-e Olya (, also Romanized as Khūrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khūrān and Khvorān) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 615, in 111 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811274" title="58 Minutes">
58 Minutes

58 Minutes is a thriller novel by American novelist Walter Wager. The novel was the basis for the 1990 film "Die Hard 2".
Plot.
Frank Malone is a divorced NYPD captain who is waiting at JFK international airport in New York City for his young daughter to arrive from California as he is going to spend Christmas with her. Unfortunately, a mysterious man known only as "Number 1" calls the control tower and tells the crew of the airport that he has cut the power to the runway lights of JFK and every airport in the vicinity and has hijacked their equipment, leaving them with only 58 minutes to meet their demands until the first plane, which carries Frank's daughter, runs out of fuel and crashes. With a massive blizzard coming in, the planes have nowhere else to go. Frank must jump into action and save his daughter and the passengers of the other planes, which are all circling overhead, in 58 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="36811275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811275" title="Khuran-e Sofla">
Khuran-e Sofla

Khuran-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Khūrān-e Soflá) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 166, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811288" title="Mantella ebenaui">
Mantella ebenaui

Mantella ebenaui is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.
It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are rainforest and dry forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36811292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811292" title="Kaleh Jub, Eyvan">
Kaleh Jub, Eyvan

Kaleh Jub (, also Romanized as Kaleh Jūb and Koleh Jūb) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 703, in 158 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811299" title="Aligah">
Aligah

Aligah (, also Romanized as ‘Alīgah) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811306" title="Linjab Sharif">
Linjab Sharif

Linjab Sharif (, also Romanized as Līnjāb Sharīf; also known as Līnjāb, Līnjāv Sharīf, and Venīt Sharīf) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811321" title="Angels in Stardust">
Angels in Stardust

Angels in Stardust is an American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by William Robert Carey and starring Alicia Silverstone, Billy Burke and AJ Michalka. The film is Carey's directorial debut, and is based on the novel "Jesus in Cowboy Boots", which Carey also wrote. It was released in theaters and on video on demand on February 21, 2014.
Plot.
The film centers around a small-town girl (Michalka) living in a Texas community built on an abandoned drive-in movie lot, who turns to an imaginary friend, The Cowboy (Burke), for solace from her self-absorbed mother (Silverstone) and the dangerous world around her.

</doc>
<doc id="36811324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811324" title="Mazhin Mianeh Sorkh">
Mazhin Mianeh Sorkh

Mazhin Mianeh Sorkh (, also Romanized as Māzhīn Mīāneh Sorkh) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 438, in 76 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811326" title="Nahr-e Gholam Veys">
Nahr-e Gholam Veys

Nahr-e Gholam Veys (, also Romanized as Nahr-e Gholām Veys) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 340, in 78 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811330" title="Nargesi, Ilam">
Nargesi, Ilam

Nargesi (, also Romanized as Nargesī) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811333" title="Paco Serrano">
Paco Serrano

Paco Serrano (Francisco Miguel Serrano Cantero) is a Flamenco guitarist from Córdoba.
At the age of 12 he was studying at the Flamenco Academy of Merengue de Córdoba (the teacher also of Vicente Amigo and José Antonio Rodríguez), his sister Luisa learning dance with Merengue's wife Concha Calero at the same location. For recreation, he accompanied the dance of his sister, and the singers in the "Peña Flamenca de Córdoba."
Following a TV appearance in 1980 with his teachers' troupe, he served his apprenticeship as accompanist to many major flamenco singers, such as Fosforito, La Niña de La Puebla, Juanito Valderrama, Chano Lobato, El Chocolate, José Mercé, Luís de Córdoba and Carmen Linares.
The late '80s and early '90s saw him winning several national prizes, culminating in both the "Premio Manolo de Huelva" for accompaniment and the "Premio Ramón Montoya" for solo guitar at the "Concurso Nacional de Arte Flamenco."
In 1996 he graduated with a Master's Degree in Music from Rotterdam Conservatory, giving him the formal qualifications necessary to take up the position of Professor at the "Conservatorio Superior de Música de Córdoba," which he still holds.
Sheet music + video.
1993 "La Guitarra Flamenca" (Encuentro Productions)
Flamenco guitar method.
2012 "Manual de la guitarra flamenca" (Guitart)

</doc>
<doc id="36811338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811338" title="Palangerd">
Palangerd

Palangerd () is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 439, in 78 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811340" title="Long Islander Newspapers">
Long Islander Newspapers

Long Islander Newspapers is a chain of weekly newspapers covering the town of Huntington, New York.
Currently, Long Islander Newspapers publishes three local newspapers:
Defunct publications:
"The Northport Journal", was an arts and culture publication that borrowed some from the other papers.
Sales.
All three major papers are available for subscription, but only "The Record" and "The Long Islander" can be purchased in local stores. Although "The Long Islander" covers the largest chunk of the Town, "Half Hollow Hills" commands the highest subscription rate at 10,000. "The Record" has 2,270 subscribers, while the company's namessake publication has 5,578 subscribers.
Long Islanders Newspapers' office is located on Main Street in Huntington village.

</doc>
<doc id="36811341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811341" title="Jenny Kissed Me">
Jenny Kissed Me

"Jenny Kissed Me" is a short, charming, oft-quoted poem by English essayist, Leigh Hunt. First published in November 1838 in the "Monthly Chronicle", it was inspired by Jane Welsh, the wife of Thomas Carlyle. The complete poem is:

</doc>
<doc id="36811343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811343" title="Satian">
Satian

Satian (, also Romanized as Sātīān) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 422, in 90 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811346" title="Shahrak-e Nabovat">
Shahrak-e Nabovat

Sharak-e Nabovat (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Nabovvat and Sharak-e Nobovvat) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,413, in 283 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811356" title="Sharif, Ilam">
Sharif, Ilam

Sharif (, also Romanized as Sharīf; also known as Jūb-e Sharīf) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811361" title="Shurabeh-ye Malek">
Shurabeh-ye Malek

Shurabeh-ye Malek (, also Romanized as Shūrābeh-ye Malek and Shūrābeh Malek; also known as Sūrāvā) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811374" title="Vanit-e Olya">
Vanit-e Olya

Vanit-e Olya (, also Romanized as Vanīt-e ‘Olyā; also known as Vanīt) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811386" title="Fountain Hills Times">
Fountain Hills Times

The Fountain Hills Times is a weekly newspaper covering Maricopa County, Arizona, USA, published in Fountain Hills, Arizona.
The newspaper was first published on June 27, 1974, and provides news coverage for the communities of Fountain Hills, The Verdes and Fort McDowell. 
Western States Publishers, Inc., the parent company, publishes several publications, including the Fountain Hills/Rio Verde Telephone Directory, Fountain Hills Community Guide, Fountain Hills HOME, Let's Go! and Back-to-School and Graduation editions. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811391" title="Chalanchi-ye Olya">
Chalanchi-ye Olya

Chalanchi-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Chālānchī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chālānchī and Halāshī) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 429, in 89 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811406" title="Darab, Ilam">
Darab, Ilam

Darab (, also Romanized as Dārāb) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811407" title="Sir James Wood, 2nd Baronet">
Sir James Wood, 2nd Baronet

Sir James Wood, 2nd Baronet (died 1738) was a Scottish officer of the Dutch States Army and later the British Army.
He was the son of Sir John Wood, 1st Baronet, of Bonyngtoun in Forfarshire, by his wife Anne, daughter of James Ogilvy, 2nd Earl of Airlie. He was commissioned into the army of the States-General of the Netherlands on 31 December 1688, and served for many years, including as Governor of Dendermonde and later as a major in Strathnaver's regiment. He reached the rank of brigadier general in 1704.
In recognition of his Dutch military reputation Wood was also made brigadier general in the British service, and on 9 March 1727 was appointed colonel of the Royal North British Fusiliers. He was promoted to major general on 27 October 1735.
Wood succeeded to the baronetcy in January 1693 and was served heir to his father 10 August 1704. On 22 February 1731 he married Anne, daughter of Edward Jones, the Master of the Royal Vineyard in St James's Park. They had no sons, so on Wood's death (variously given as 23 February, 3 May and 18 May 1738) the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="36811411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811411" title="Henry Worsley (major-general)">
Henry Worsley (major-general)

Henry Worsley (1768−1841), major-general, born on 20 January 1768 at Appuldurcomb in the Isle of Wight, was the second son of Francis Worsley, rector of Chale in the Isle of Wight, by his wife Anne, daughter of Henry Roberts of Standen in the same island.
Military career.
In June 1780 he embarked for Bengal as an infantry cadet, and in January 1781 he landed in Madras to take part in the defence of Fort St. George, which was besieged by Haidar Ali. Arriving in Bengal in April, he was promoted ensign and lieutenant in the course of the year, and joined the 2nd European regiment at Cawnpur. In 1782 he served with the 30th regiment of sepoys in reducing Chait Singh's forts in the neighbourhood of Benares. In the following year he was appointed adjutant, and served with the 1st battalion of his regiment against insurgents in the Káimur Hills. In 1785 the regiment was disbanded in consequence of the general peace, and Worsley was appointed to the 8th regiment of sepoys. Early in 1789 he embarked with a detachment of volunteer sepoys for service in Sumatra. On their return in December the officers and men were honoured with the special approbation and thanks of Lord Cornwallis.
Towards the close of 1791 Worsley volunteered for service in the Mysore war, and was appointed to the 7th battalion of Bengal sepoys. He took part with the centre column in the night attack on Tipú's fortified camp under the walls of Seringapatam on 6 Feb. 1792, and in the subsequent operations against that town. In the following year he was reappointed to the 32nd battalion, and by the regulations of 1796−7 he was posted to the 1st native infantry, receiving the brevet rank of captain. During a visit to Europe he was promoted captain-lieutenant and captain on 1 Nov. 1798, and was posted as captain to the 15th native infantry, which he joined in 1801. At the close of the year and during 1802 he was employed in command of part of the first battalion in tranquillising the districts ceded by the nawab of Oudh. On 4 Sept. 1803 he fought at Alígarh, and on 11 Sept. he commanded his battalion at the battle of Delhi. On 10 Oct. he again commanded his battalion in the attack made on the enemy's infantry and guns under the walls of Agra, when he received the thanks of the commander-in-chief, Lord Lake, in general orders. He also led it at the battle of Laswari on 1 Nov. In 1804 he joined the 21st native infantry, and on 21 Sept. was promoted to a majority. In command of a detachment he cleared the Doáb of Holkar's troops, which had overrun it after Monson's reverse Monson, William, and occupied the city of Muttra, where he was employed in protecting the communication of Lake's army. Without scientific assistance he constructed a bridge of boats over the Jumna at Muttra, which proved of great use to the English force. Lake highly appreciated Worsley's services, and obtained for him the post of deputy adjutant-general. Early in 1806 he succeeded to the office of adjutant-general with the official rank of lieutenant-colonel. On 29 Nov. 1809 he attained the regimental rank of lieutenant-colonel, but in the beginning of 1810 ill-health compelled him to resign his office, and in 1811 he proceeded to Europe on furlough. In 1813 he accepted the post of principal private secretary to the governorgeneral, Francis Rawdon Hastings, second earl of Moira (and afterwards Marquis of Hastings) v. His health compelled him to resign this post almost immediately; but in 1818 he returned to India, and Moira at once appointed him military secretary. In a few months he was obliged to resign from the same cause as before, and joined his corps in the vain hope of restoring his health by active service. In 1819 he returned finally to Europe. On 12 Aug. he attained the brevet rank of colonel, and in August 1822 the rank of colonel with the command of a regiment. Worsley became major-general on 24 Aug. 1830. On 4 June 1815 he was nominated a C.B., on 26 Sept. 1821 K.C.B., and on 16 Feb. 1838 G.C.B. He died at Shide in the Isle of Wight on 19 Jan. 1841, and was buried at Chale. He married Sarah Hastings, and had one daughter, Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="36811420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811420" title="National Videotex Network">
National Videotex Network

National Videotex Network (NVN) was an online service launched in 1992 by U.S. Videotel. The service was meant to compete with similar text-based online services such as CompuServe, Delphi and GEnie.
Following its competitors' business model, NVN offered basic and premium services that included national and global news and weather, research libraries and databases, online forums, and games including Island of Kesmai and MUD II.
NVN was hoping to attract customers by offering Internet access and relatively low rates for access through packet switching networks.
The service was abruptly terminated on June 17, 1994. At the time of its termination, NVN programmers were working on a graphical front end for the service.

</doc>
<doc id="36811426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811426" title="Darab (disambiguation)">
Darab (disambiguation)

Darab is a city in Fars Province, Iran.
Darab or Dar-e Ab () may also refer to various places in Iran:

</doc>
<doc id="36811434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811434" title="Do Biran-e Olya">
Do Biran-e Olya

Do Biran-e Olya (, also Romanized as Do Bīrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dhuberān, Dobīrān, and Dow Vīrān) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 524, in 116 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811435" title="Christian Ibeagha">
Christian Ibeagha

Christian Ogochukwu Ibeagha (born January 10, 1990) is a Nigerian-born American soccer player who currently plays for Bohemians 1905 in the Gambrinus Liga.
Career.
Youth, College and Amateur.
Ibeagha spent his entire college career at Duke University. Prior to Duke, he was a Two-time NSCAA Youth All-America selection and a member of the U.S. soccer residency program in 2006 and 2007.
In his freshman year, Ibeagha was named to the All-ACC Freshman team after making 16 appearances for Duke in 2007. In 2008, he made 20 appearances and recorded an assist. He was also ranked fourth in the team in minutes played with 1,513. In his junior year, Ibeagha was named to the NSCAA All-South Region third team after making 20 appearances and finishing with a goal and an assist. In his senior season, Ibeagha started the first five games of the season before suffering a season-ending injury.
During his time in College, Ibeagha also played in the USL Premier Development League, spending the 2008 season with Bradenton Academics and the 2009 season with Cary Clarets. He also spent two seasons with Carolina Dynamo after failing to sign with a professional club.
Professional.
On July 26, 2012, Ibeagha signed his first professional contract, joining NASL club Puerto Rico Islanders. About a week later, Ibeagha made his professional debut in a 2-1 victory over San Antonio Scorpions FC.
Ibeagha signed with Bohemians 1905 in the Czech Republic in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36811438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811438" title="Do Biran-e Sofla">
Do Biran-e Sofla

Do Biran-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Do Bīrān-e Soflá; also known as Band Sar) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 282, in 54 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811439" title="Faryl Amadeus">
Faryl Amadeus

Faryl Amadeus is an American actress and playwright.
Early life.
Faryl Amadeus was born in Louisville, Kentucky and raised in Brooklyn, New York by her adopted parents. At age 6 she was scouted in a playground and asked to audition for Fatal Attraction, for which she was chosen to be screen tested. Danced with the Joffrey Ballet and was featured in Dance Magazine in an article about young dancers. Attended LaGuardia High School for Music & Art and Performing Arts as a visual arts major. Received a BFA from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts in the Experimental Theater Wing. Studied at RADA (The Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts) in London.
Career.
Originated the part of "Clea" in the world premier of "Floyd and Clea Under the Western Sky" at the Goodman Theater, directed by Michael Wilson.
Also originated the role of "Bill Gates" in the Musical NERDS.
Cast as the original "Molly" in Julie Taymor's Across The Universe.
In 2005 "Fancy Nancy's Funny Hour", a weekly half hour television program written, filmed, edited and starring Faryl as "Fancy Nancy", premiered on MNN.
A cult hit among New Yorkers F.N. began doing live appearances, including headlining at The Laugh Factory several times.
Fancy Nancy was chosen as one of Paper Magazine's "Most Beautiful People" of 2007.
After seeing her in Paper magazine Adam Neustadter cast Faryl as "Beth McKenzie", opposite Demetri Martin in the Fountains of Wayne video "Someone to Love".
Was asked to be a part of the Bloomingdales ad campaign featuring up and coming new actresses with video installations directed by Jennifer Venditti.
Appeared as "Valerie Smooter" in the Off-Broadway musical comedy Perfect Harmony.
As a playwright Faryl's work includes: "Right By The River", "Straight On Til Morning" and is currently working on an Untitled Patti Smith Project.

</doc>
<doc id="36811453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811453" title="Do Biran">
Do Biran

Do Biran or Dobiran (), also spelled Dhuberan or Dow Viran, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36811460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811460" title="Josh Nunes">
Josh Nunes

Joshua Lawrence Nunes (born August 22, 1990) is a former American football quarterback for the Stanford Cardinal. He medically retired after a weightlifting injury that ruptured his pectoralis major tendon.
Early years.
Nunes attended Upland High School in Upland, California. During his career he threw for 6,306 passing yards and 54 touchdowns. He was ranked as the 13th best pro-style quarterback recruit in his class by Rivals.com.
College career.
Nunes spent 2009 to 2011 as a backup to Andrew Luck. On August 22, 2012, Nunes was named the starting quarterback for the 2012 season, beating out Brett Nottingham and Kevin Hogan. 
As the starting quarterback, Nunes led the Cardinal to an upset of No. 2 USC. The next week, however, the Cardinal suffered a loss against unranked Washington in a game where Nunes was unable to score an offensive touchdown. After nine games as a starter, amid criticisms about his inconsistency, Nunes was replaced by redshirt freshman Kevin Hogan, who eventually led Stanford to a defeat of No. 1 Oregon, the Pac-12 championship and a Rose Bowl victory.
During a bench press workout in February 2013, Nunes dropped the weights on his chest, rupturing his pectoralis major muscle. As a result, Nunes announced that he has medically retired.

</doc>
<doc id="36811463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811463" title="Gavdari-ye Emami">
Gavdari-ye Emami

Gavdari-ye Emami (, also Romanized as Gāvdārī-ye Emāmī) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811466" title="Gav Savar, Ilam">
Gav Savar, Ilam

Gav Savar (, also Romanized as Gāv Savār) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 308, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36811468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811468" title="Ambaji Shinde">
Ambaji Shinde

Ambaji Venkatesh Shinde was a prominent jewelry designer. 
The book "Harry Winston The Ultimate Jeweler" published in 1984 acknowledges Ambaji Venkatesh Shinde as “one of the most talented designers in the world today.” A number of his jewelry designs appear in this book.
A.V.Shinde was born in 1917 in Mapusa, Goa, a Portuguese colony in India, in a Konkani speaking Hindu family. He was drawn towards decorative arts at an early age painting backdrops and costume jewelry for the local Hindu temple religious functions.
He came to Mumbai in 1934 to attend the J. J. School of Art. In his talk with Dona Dirlam of the Gemological Institute of America he said that the formal study in textile design influenced his later work. He had to seek work when his father died in 1937. His first job was at Narottamdas Jhaveri where he designed ornate silverware, trophies and jewelry. He was hired by Nanubhai Jhaveri in 1941 where he worked for nearly 20 years designing jewelry for the Maharajas.
He followed the rich Indian tradition in his designs. He had a small picture of the Flying Apsara from Ajanta cave number 17 in his office. The design criteria changed when the Maharajas started to go abroad and desired western style jewelry.
Harry Winston met him in 1955 and recognized a kindred soul and eventually hired him in 1962. He soon developed a gemstone driven style transforming fine jewelry into fine art. Harry Winston invented flexible, three-dimensional, near invisible mountings which freed the stones from heavy metal surrounds. 
After four decades of working in New York City, Shinde retired in December 2001 but continued to paint from home. He donated a number of designs to the GIA for a permanent display. Thousands of his designs remain in the Harry Winston archives and “provides a creative spark to ignite new interpretations of Harry Winston jewels for the next generations”.
He married Anu in 1940. He had six sons and 10 grandchildren. He had a large circle of close friends, loved Indian classical music and spicy foods. He died on April 8, 2003 of pneumonia which he contracted in a Manhattan hospital.
A Shinde painting of a necklace illustrates his mastery of the art of jewelry designing. 
Obituaries and other Links.
Karen Robinovitz, The Man Who Romanced the Stones, New York Times, December 23, 2001. (http://www.nytimes.com/2001/12/23/style/the-man-who-romanced-the-stones.html)
Guy Trebay, Ambaji Shinde, 85, Designer of Jewelry for the Wealthy, New York Times, April 11, 2003. (http://www.nytimes.com/2003/04/11/arts/ambaji-shinde-85-designer-of-jewelry-for-the-wealthy.html)
Suzy Menkes, Bowing Out: A Jeweler to The Maharajas, New York Times, December 18, 2001.
Guy Trebay, Ambaji Shinde, Jewelry Designer, Dies at 85, New York Times, April 11, 2003.
Joyce Wadler, Public Lives; A Humble Creator of High-Profile Jewelry, New York Times, December 24, 1998.
Aseem Chhabra, Gem of an Indian, India Abroad, April 25, 2003.
Aseem Chhabra, The Hidden Gem, India Abroad, March 4, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36811471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811471" title="Gav Savar">
Gav Savar

Gav Savar () may refer to:

</doc>
