<doc id="36854063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854063" title="Aboud Rogo">
Aboud Rogo

Aboud Rogo Mohammed (1968 – 27 August 2012) was a Kenyan Muslim cleric. He was alleged to have been an Islamist extremist and was accused of arranging funding for the al-Shabaab militia in Somalia. He was shot dead in Kenya, and his death triggered protests and violence by hundreds of protestors. Rogo is the fifth alleged Islamic radical killed in Kenya in 2012. David Ochami, a Kenyan journalist, stated that Rogo had the oratory prowess of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah and the logic of Egyptian ideologue Yusuf al Qaradawi.
Early life and education.
Rogo was born in Siyu Island of Lamu county in around 1968. However, there is another report, claiming that he was born in 1965. His father is Abdalla Ali. His mother is Mama Mwanaisha Rogo, who later died. She was a member of a prominent family. Rogo attended Siyu Primary School, but dropped out before he completed the Standard Seven under the Kenyan educational system. Then he received basic religious education at an intermediate Islamic school, madrassa, in Kisauni, concentrating on Islamic studies. He majored in Tafsir (translation) and Arabic language. Later, he left madrassa to deal with various business activities, including fishing, poultry keeping, and running a small shop.
Rogo took up residence in Mombasa in 1989. In the 1990s, he supported the Islamic Party of Kenya, participating in demonstrations as an activist based in Kongo Mosque in Likoni. He formally became a member of the Islamic Party of Kenya in 1992, and a candidate for civic post in Bondeni ward. However, he failed, and lost his interest in politics.
1998 US embassy attacks.
Aboud Rogo supposedly assisted in the twin US embassy bombings in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam in 1998. One of his aides allegedly helped Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, former leader of Al Qaeda's East Africa cell, carry out the attack that killed 224 people. Rogo's relation with Mohammed was that Rogo allegedly had harboured him on Siyu Island between 2001 and 2003 and introduced Mohammed's wife, a local woman from the island.
2002 arrest.
Rogo was arrested due to his alleged connection with the Kikambala hotel bombing in 2002 together with his father-in-law, Said Saggar Ahmed, Kubwa Mohammed Seif and Salmin Mohammed Khamis. Rogo first became known by the Kenyan security agents after this arrest. In June 2005, Rogo and other suspects were released. The high court Justice John Osiemo said that the prosecutors were unable to prove that Rogo, along with three others, were connected to the attack. Then Rogo started developing relations with groups in Somalia, using his madrassa, called Sirajul Munir, in Mtwapa to recruit Kenyan people to these Somalian groups.
In 2007, Rogo became much more involved in indoctrination of Muslim youths with a weekly lecture at his Masjid Musa in Mombasa as a result of the defeat of Islamic Courts Union in Somalia by the Ethiopian forces. His lectures presented the Somalia war as the ultimate jihad. He issued many fatwas during this period, indicating that working for the Kenyan government was apparently "haram" (forbidden by Islamic law). In his preachings, Rogo gave a message of martyrdom to young Muslims. He also developed propaganda CDs and other materials praising Al Qaeda. Many of his speeches were posted online and on social media, in which he openly rejected formal learning among others and that were delivered in Swahili. Some of his recordings were transferred to other Swahili-speaking countries, including Tanzania, Rwanda, Uganda and Burundi. Rogo visited Somalia in 2009, and he allegedly joined military training camps there.
2012 charges and threats.
In 2012, police charged Rogo with possession of guns, ammunition, and detonators. He also faced charges of belonging to al-Shabaab. The police said that Rogo was part of a terror cell that was plotting to bomb Kenyan targets over Christmas. However, Rogo was released on bail of 5 million shillings by a Mombasa court in February 2012. He was also instructed to report to nearest police station in Mombasa and Kilifi county and to inform the Kenyan authorities if he travelled out of the country. Briton Samantha Lewthwaite, the widow of Jermaine Lindsay, who was one of the suicide bombers responsible for the 7 July 2005 London bombings, was also part of the cell, and police said that she is currently on the run.
After April 2012 bomb attacks against a church in Mtwapa, Rogo said "in this country we (Muslims) live among infidels", and repeated his claim that Muslims in the Kenyan security services are infidels. In a tape dated 10 April 2012, he described mainstream Muslim leaders as cowards and argued that he preferred the courage of armed robbers. He made similar statements after 6 July terror attack on churches in Garissa.
On 12 July 2012, Rogo sent a letter to the Kenyan Foreign Affairs minister, Sam Ongeri. He stated in the letter that the US drones were targeting him and two others, who were linked to Al Qaeda. However, his letter was not replied. In July 2012, Rogo officially reported threats by police against him to the police, the Kenyan National Commission on Human Rights, and the court which tried him, and asked for protection. Rogo claimed that ten unknown individuals attempted to abduct him and his aide in Nairobi.
Sanctions.
On 25 July 2012, Rogo was placed on a UN Security Council sanctions list for providing "financial, material, logistical or technical support to al-Shabaab". The Security Council placed him under sanctions and banned him from leaving Kenya for his links to al-Shabaab. His assets were also frozen by the council. The same sanction was also announced by the Treasury of the United Kingdom on 16 October 2012. The council and the UK's treasury accused him of being the key ideological leader of Kenya's al-Hijra, which is also known as the Muslim Youth Centre, and a close ally of al-Shabaab.
Rogo was also named in a report released by the United States as being the chief representative of al-Shabaab in Kenya, and that he had recruited young men to go fight in Somalia with Islamists. The report said that Rogo had engaged in "acts that directly or indirectly threaten the peace, security or stability of Somalia", specifically in reference to recruiting and fundraising for al-Shabaab. Al-Shaabab declared on 10 February 2012 that it is part of al Qaeda East Africa, after the merge of two groups. As a result, the United States also placed him on the sanction list on 5 July 2012.
Death.
On 27 August 2012, Rogo was shot dead by unnamed assailants in Mombasa as he was driving his wife to the hospital. Rogo was shot more than seventeen times in the head and died instantly, while his wife, Khaniya Said, was shot in the leg. Human Rights Watch declared, based on the witnesses' reports, that an unmarked vehicle overtook the car Rogo was driving with six passengers on Malindi road, outside Mombasa, and that two gunmen opened fire on the car. His father, Abdalla Ali, and five-year-old daughter, who were also in the car, were not injured. Said reported that a car from behind aimed at Rogo and shot him on his right side. She also accused the police of killing Rogo, and told police that had come to assist her that "we don't want a post-mortem or any help from you." No group claimed the responsibility of the attack. The Muslim Youth Centre confirmed his death and informed its members about his death in Tanzania. Kenyan security officials claimed that Rogo was killed by his rivals and that the riots that occurred after his death were pre-planned.
Burial.
In the immediate aftermath of the assassination, Rogo's supporters seized his body from the security forces. They carried his body shoulder high to the Masjid Musa Mosque. Then they 
immediately buried his body at Manyimbo Muslim Cemetery in Tudor with the bloodied clothes intact without prayers and being given ritual bath contra to Islamic conventions.
Reactions.
The Muslim Human Rights Forum (MHRF) condemned Rogo's death, labelling it as an "extrajudicial killing" and called for an end to "targeted killings and enforced disappearances of terrorism suspects." Both the Muslim Youth Centre and al-Shabaab reacted to his death and described Rogo as a martyr. The Supreme Council of Muslims in Kenya also condemned the killing of Rogo and the riots, particularly those targeting the churches. Human Rights Watch issued a press release on 28 August asking the Kenyan government to initiate an independent inquiry into the killing of Rogo and the subsequent riots in Mombasa. On 30 August 2012, the Russian Foreign Ministry condemned Kenyan Muslim rioters who clashed with security forces in Mombasa.
Protests.
After the killing of Rogo, Mombasa witnessed violent demonstrations, claiming four people's lives and wounding many others as well as damaging three churches. Abdullahi Halakhe, the Kenya analyst of the International Crisis Group, suggested that although the assassination of Rogo triggered the unrest, there are much deeper issues at hand.
Richard Lough further argued that the riots revealed deep social, political and sectarian divides experiencing in Kenya and that these could cause more violence ahead of a presidential election in 2013.
On the day of Rogo's death, his supporters consisting of over 2,000 Kenyans protested his assassinaton in Mombasa, especially in the Majengo area, where Rogo's Musa Mosque is situated. A civilian was killed and two churches were looted. Some of the mob blamed the Kenyan authorities for the killing of Rogo. Aggrey Adoli, a police commander, said that the mob had weapons and machetes and were burning police vehicles. Adoli added that many shops were closed and people were leaving Mombasa, but that the police regained control of the city after a few hours of "anarchy." The highway from Mombasa to Malindi, a tourist centre, was closed by protestors who burned tyres, but they were eventually scattered by police who fired tear gas. Streets that normally bustled with shoppers and tourists were empty.
The next day clashes continued in Mombasa. Two prison officers were killed in the ensuing riots. Anti-riot police fought against stone-throwing youths as police fired tear gas and warning shots. The protesters barricaded streets with burning tyres in Majengo, which is predominantly Muslim. The mobs also taunted police who arrested protestors and marauded around the city centre, while shopkeepers reported looting in certain areas.
The rioters had fired at police with machine guns before hurling a grenade at police officers, which resulted in two deaths. The police said that at least 16 officers were wounded in the attack, which took place in Kisauni, another predominantly Muslim area. In addition, two more churches were set on fire in Kisauni and roads were barricaded with burning tires. Benedict Kigen, a senior police intelligence officer, said that the rioters are "pure criminals, and now terrorists are infiltrating within to launch grenades at us. They are looting even chicken."
On 29 August, Kenyan Coast Regional Prisons leader James Kodiany announced that two more prison officers had succumbed to their injuries from the riots the previous day. Security officials argued that their control in Mombasa was restored. However, it was also added by security officials that tensions were still high. There were reports of unrest in the Majengo and Kisauni districts of Mombasa and four policemen were badly wounded in the late hours in the city. Protests continued for a fourth day.
Abubaker Sharif Ahmed, a close friend of Rogo, was accused of inciting the protests that turned violent. He was then arrested after the issuance of an arrest warrant. He told a court in Mombasa that he denied the charges.
Inquiry.
The Director of Public Prosecutions Keriako Tobiko set up a taskforce to investigate the killing. The inquiry is yet to be concluded.
Personal life.
Rogo married Khaniya Said Saggar Said in 1998. She is the daughter of Said Saggar Ahmed, the well-known terror suspect in Kenya. Rogo's son, Khubedi Rogo, was arrested in Kanamai, Kilifi, in November 2012 for his alleged participation in training camps of al-Shabaab.

</doc>
<doc id="36854067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854067" title="Kyle Padron">
Kyle Padron

Kyle Padron (born March 27, 1991) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He played college football at SMU and Eastern Washington University
Prep career.
Padron graduated from Carroll Senior High School in Southlake, Texas in 2009. He played in just five games as a senior in 2008 before breaking his throwing hand. He passed for 1,550 yards and 18 touchdowns with only three interceptions, while completing 129-of-193 (66.8 percent) of his passes. He also rushed for 297 yards and six scores as a senior. The Carroll Dragons were 5-1 in the six games he played his senior season, finishing 8-3 overall. Padron was rated as a two-star prospect according to "Rivals.com" and "Scout.com", and ranked No. 95 on the "Dallas Morning News" All-Area list.
College career.
SMU.
In his 21 games as a starter at SMU, Padron led the Mustangs to a 12-9 record – 5-1 as a freshman, 7-7 as a sophomore and 0-1 as a junior. Padron ended his SMU career with the school’s career record for passing efficiency (142.0 rating) and average total offense per game (259.9). He completed 61.2 percent of his passes (446-of-729) and was intercepted 21 times. His 5,902 career passing yards ranks fourth in school history (Mitchell is seventh with 4,590), and his eight 300-yard passing performances are tied for the school record.
Padron took over the starting quarterback job at SMU in the eighth game of his freshman season in 2009, replacing Bo Levi Mitchell, who also transferred to Eastern Washington in 2010. Padron led the Mustangs to wins in five of their last six games to earn a spot on the Conference USA All-Freshman Team. Padron helped lead the Mustangs to their first bowl game since receiving the Death Penalty. He earned MVP honors at the 2009 Hawaii Bowl after passing for a school-record 460 yards and two TDs in SMU's 45-10 win over Nevada. In 2011, Padron was named to the Hawaii Bowl's Ten Year Anniversary Team for his outstanding performance in the game.
As a sophomore in 2010, Padron started all 14 games at quarterback, earning honorable mention All-Conference USA honors. He set SMU records for passing yards (3,828), total yards (4,072), touchdowns (31), completions (302) and attempts (508), and had the seventh-best passing efficiency rating (137.4) in school history. Padron led the Mustangs to their second straight bowl game, a 16-14 loss in the Armed Forces Bowl against Army. Padron completed 23-of-34 passes (67.6 percent) for 302 yards and two touchdowns in the bowl game.
As a junior in 2011, Padron played in three games, including the team’s season opener at Texas A&M. He finished the year with 152 yards passing yards on nine completions, and one rushing touchdown. Padron was benched after a poor showing in the season opener and did not start another game for the Mustangs in 2011. Padron also suffered a herniated disc while lifting weights during the course of the season. In January 2012, Padron was granted a release from his scholarship at SMU.
Eastern Washington.
In March 2012, Padron announced his transfer to Eastern Washington, where he would be attempting to replace graduating quarterback Bo Levi Mitchell, whom he had replaced at SMU back in 2009. In late August 2012, Padron was officially named the starter for Eastern Washington for the 2012 season opening game. 
Padron split time in 2012 with redshirt freshman quarterback Vernon Adams, starting five games and playing in six others, during the 2012 season. Padron threw for 2,491 yards and 17 touchdowns against 7 interceptions, helping to lead the Eagles to a semifinal appearance in the FCS Playoffs.
Professional career.
On January 9, 2013, it was announced that Padron had declared himself to be eligible for the 2013 NFL Draft, electing not to return for his final season of eligibility at Eastern Washington.
Oakland Raiders.
On April 27, 2013, Padron signed as an undrafted free agent with the Oakland Raiders.
On May 22, 2013, Padron was waived by the Oakland Raiders when Padron was unable to participate in offseason workouts because of THE NFL RULE regarding participation prior to graduating. (Eastern Washington is on the quarter system and did not hold graduation until the middle of June) Padron was waived to make room on the roster for Charles Woodson.

</doc>
<doc id="36854069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854069" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Elliott 6m">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Elliott 6m

The Elliott 6m class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 3 and 16, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36854076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854076" title="Adobe PDF Library">
Adobe PDF Library

The Adobe PDF Library is an API for viewing, printing and manipulating PDF files. It is the core technology within the Adobe Acrobat product family and aims to provide developers with complete PDF reader functionality as well as PDF content extraction. The PDF Library was written in C but also has interfaces for Java (via JNI) and .NET development. The full version of APDFL is distributed under a commercial license.

</doc>
<doc id="36854078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854078" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Laser">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Laser

The Laser class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 12 and 18, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36854083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854083" title="Maine State Route 237">
Maine State Route 237

State Route 237 is a part of Maine's system of numbered state highways, located in Cumberland County. It runs for from an intersection with State Route 25 in Gorham to State Route 35 northeast of Standish. SR 237 is signed as a north-south highway, although it follows a generally southeast-to-northwest alignment.
Route description.
SR 237 begins in the south at SR 25 in Gorham, east of downtown. The route heads northwest, passing through the center of town and crossing over US 202/SR 4. SR 237 continues northwest and crosses into the northeastern tip of Standish. The highway immediately terminates at SR 35 near the southern tip of Sebago Lake. 
SR 237 runs parallel to, and northeast of, SR 114 (which it is a former alignment of) over its entire length.
History.
What is now SR 237 was originally designated State Route 95 in 1946, over part of a former alignment of SR 114, which now runs parallel to the southwest. It was about 10 miles in length and similar to the modern routing. Following the designation of Interstate 95 in 1957, SR 95 became a duplicate numbering and was subsequently renumbered to SR 237.
Interestingly, SR 195 did not meet the same fate when I-195 was designated in 1980, and that particular numbering duplication remains. It is the only instance in Maine of two highways sharing the same number.

</doc>
<doc id="36854112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854112" title="Idole">
Idole

Idole is a village in Carmarthenshire. Within the village is the Ysgol Y Fro school for juniors.

</doc>
<doc id="36854127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854127" title="Michael (2011 Indian film)">
Michael (2011 Indian film)

Michael is a 2011 Indian psychological thriller film directed by Ribhu Dasgupta and produced by Anurag Kashyap.

</doc>
<doc id="36854129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854129" title="Turkish Chess Federation">
Turkish Chess Federation

The Turkish Chess Federation (, TSF) is the governing chess organization within Turkey. The TSF was founded in 1954, and became a member of the FIDE in 1962. The federation was integrated into the General Directorate of Youth and Sports in 1991, gaining its official nationwide recognization. As of 2012, the president of the federation is Ali Nihat Yazıcı.
The TSF is also member of the Mediterranean Chess Association.
Competitions.
The federation organizes folloeing chess competitions:

</doc>
<doc id="36854147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854147" title="Ismael Silva">
Ismael Silva

Milton de Oliveira Ismael Silva (September 14, 1905 - March 14, 1978), known as Ismael Silva, was a Brazilian samba musician of African descent. In 1925 he had his first recorded his samba. His best-known compositions were "Me faz carinhos", "Se você jurar", "Antonico", "Para me livrar do mal", "Novo amor", "Ao romper da aurora", "Tristezas não pagam dívidas", "Me diga o teu nome", among others.
Imprisoned at one point for five years, but getting out after two for good behaviour, he became reclusive upon release and only returned to the Carioca scene in the fifties. It is known that during that period he went through tremendous financial difficulties. One of his last concerts was in the year 1973, produced by Ricardo Cravo Albim. He died in 1978 of a heart attack as a result of complications arising after surgery to treat a varicose ulcer he had on one leg.

</doc>
<doc id="36854153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854153" title="Aeroflot Flight 1491">
Aeroflot Flight 1491

Aeroflot Flight 1491 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight on 18 May 1972 that crashed while descending to land in Kharkov, SSSR. All 122 passengers and crew on board were killed.
Description.
Flight 1491 took off from Moscow-Vnukovo Airport bound for Kharkov Airport. While descending from its cruising level to approximately 5,000 feet, the Antonov An-10 suffered structural failure resulting in the separation of both wings. The fuselage then plunged into a wooded area. There was no fire. Everyone on board Flight 1491 was killed in the crash.
Aftermath.
Pravda reported on the crash of Flight 1491 shortly after it happened. It was unusual at the time in the Soviet Union for there to be press reports on domestic air crashes. 
The probable cause of the crash was determined to be the center wing section failing due to a fatigue crack in the lower central wing panel.
Following this accident, Aeroflot ceased operating the An-10.

</doc>
<doc id="36854166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854166" title="Red Resistor">
Red Resistor

Red Resistor is the third album by Von LMO, released in 1996 through Variant Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36854184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854184" title="Manus Boyle">
Manus Boyle

Manus Boyle is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Killybegs. He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team and played for Donegal from 1986 to 1995. He played as a forward and was a free kick specialist. He started at right corner-forward in the 1992 All Ireland Final, scoring nine points in total, four from play as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin to claim their first ever All Ireland football title.
At club level he played for Na Cealla Beaga. In 2010, at the age of 44, he made a return to the game as his club team came from nowhere to reach the final of that year's Donegal Senior Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36854198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854198" title="Swiss referendums, 1949">
Swiss referendums, 1949

Four referendums were held in Switzerland during 1949. The first two were held on 22 May on revising article 39 of the federal constitution concerning the Swiss National Bank and a federal law amending a 1928 law on measures against tuberculosis, with both rejected by voters. The third was held on 11 September on a popular initiative "for the recurrence to direct democracy" and was narrowly approved. The final one was held on 11 December on a federal law to amend the employment status of federal civil servants, and was also approved.
Background.
The referendum on revising the constitution was a mandatory referendum. Together with the popular initiative, both required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The referendums on federal laws on tuberculosis and civil servants were both optional referendums, which required only a simple majority of votes in favour.

</doc>
<doc id="36854215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854215" title="Irish Braille">
Irish Braille

Irish Braille is the braille alphabet of the Irish (Gaelic) language. It is augmented by specifically Irish letters for vowels that take acute accents in print: 
Irish Braille also uses some of the Grade-1½ shortcuts of English Braille, 
These shortcuts are not used across elements of compound words. For example, in "uiscerian" (uisce-rian) "aqueduct", "e-r" is spelled out, as is "s-t" in "trastomhas" (tras-tomhas) "diameter". There are no special braille letters for dotted consonants. The letter "h" is used instead, as in modern print. A shortcut may be used even when the final consonant is lenited with "h"; "comh", for example, is written "com-h". 
The only word-sign is the letter "s" for "agus" "and". 
The letters "j k q v w x y z" were not originally part of the Irish alphabet, but apart from "w" they have been introduced through English loans, so they occur in Irish Braille. Punctuation is the same as in English Braille.

</doc>
<doc id="36854229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854229" title="Juncal Rivero">
Juncal Rivero

Juncal Rivero (born 31 August 1966) is a Spanish model actress. She was Miss Spain 1985 and Miss Europe for 1985-1987 and was a contestant in the Miss World Pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36854230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854230" title="Primordial Divinity (Tai Di)">
Primordial Divinity (Tai Di)

The Primordial Divinity (Tai Di or Taidi, , literally "Utmost God") is a concept in Chinese culture, traditional religions and mythology. It refers to the source of the universe, the supreme being or utmost mind, master of the order of nature enlivened by gods and progenitors.
The "Tai Di" has been represented in various ways, at different times and in different contexts, according to the contextual sensibilities: in Taoist theological thought the Jade Emperor ("Yu Di"), "Taiyi Tianzun" (the "Great Oneness"), "Hongjun Laozu" ("Ancestral Master of the Great Duality"), or the undefinable Tao; in mythological thought Yu the Great; in Chinese folk religion and Confucianism "Tian" (the "Great All" or the "Universe") or "Shangdi" (the "Highest Emperor").
Meaning.
"Taidi" () means "Great Emperor", "Great God", "Great Spirit" or "Great Energy", given the etymology. The first character , "tài" means "great", "large", "primordial", "utmost"; the second , "Dì" is the same character used in the name of Huangdi—the Yellow Emperor, orginator of the Chinese civilisation—and the title "huangdi", emperor of China, and is usually translated with the latinate word "emperor", from Latin "imperator", verb "im-perare", that means "generating from within", thus the same meaning of "god" (Germanic: "*ǥuđán", "in-voking", "calling within"), "spirit" (Latin: "spiritus", "breath", "insufflation"), or "energy" (Greek: "en-ergeia", "internal urging").
Ordainer of all gods.
The natural order of Chinese gods, Chinese pantheon, is represented mythically as a pattern or structure in which each god has a role and position. In folk religion the Jade Emperor is seen as the source to which every god and ancestor reports. They make or generate things in the physical world, like weather, fire, famine or epidemics, according to an order from the Jade Emperor in accordance to the flow of Tao.
All the power of the gods of nature comes from the fact that they are representatives of certain aspects of the Tao (the ultimate law of the universe). As such, powers must be exercised responsibly, otherwise counter-natural acts may disturb the balance of the world, and result in retribution, in the Tao's attempt to re-balance itself.
Many notable immortals and exalted progenitors are included in this pantheon, and one can reach divinity through strong meritory acts. Mortals committing a good deed according to traditional values may be promoted after their death. Notable examples includes Guan Yu and Confucius.
An immortal could theoretically resign from his position. The most notable example would be Sun Wukong the Monkey King, from the popular novel Journey to the West, who resigned from the position of Divine Stable Master to become a lord in his Mountain of Flowers and Fruits.
In Taoist thought there are spiritual forces higher than the pantheon, such as Tai Shang Lao Jun and the three holy masters of the Dao.

</doc>
<doc id="36854237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854237" title="Great Lake Warriors">
Great Lake Warriors

Great Lake Warriors is an American and Canadian reality television series on History that premiered on July 19, 2012. 
Premise.
The show follows the lives of a number of tugboat sailors in the Great Lakes region. The show features Calumet Fleeting, Heritage Marine, and Thunder Bay Tug Services. The companies are located in Duluth, Minnesota, South Chicago, Illinois, and Thunder Bay, Ontario, respectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854244" title="Sean Anthony (rapper)">
Sean Anthony (rapper)

Sean Anthony Shepard, known as MC Sean Anthony (Detroit, 10 February 1982) is an American rapper, songwriter, producer and screenwriter.
MC Sean Anthony taught himself audio production at a young age and operated his church sound room when he was brought to fellow church member and gospel recording artist Fred Hammond to refine his engineering skills. MC Sean Anthony started producing music and writing songs while attending college and in 2006, his demo work was presented to Mike Winans Jr. of the Winans family and soon after Sean Anthony became a songwriter for his Baby Mike Music, where he released his first production work on Danity Kane's self entitled debut album with the song "Press Pause". The album sold over 1 million copies certifying Sean Anthony as a Platinum Selling songwriter. 
A year later MC Sean Anthony followed up with a song on B5's second album "Don't Talk, Just Listen" with "How You Not Gonna" which didn't reach anticipated record sales. After the controversial ponze scheme allegedly lead by Mike Winans Jr which destroyed the credibility of the legendary gospel Winans family, Sean Anthony ventured out independently under his own record label and publishing company, ShepTime Music Inc. MC Sean Anthony gained some recognition for his first single "The Strip Club Anthem", but the first release buzz was short lived due to associated producers requesting to obtain more ownership of the creative rights. The song was pulled by Island Def Jam and released on August 28, 2012 worldwide after all ownership issues were rearranged and redistributed. MC Sean Anthony is still currently signed to ShepTime Music and distributed through Island Def Jam.

</doc>
<doc id="36854251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854251" title="Nir Eyal">
Nir Eyal

Nir Eyal is an American author, educator, and entrepreneur. In addition to his personal blog, NirAndFar.com, he is a frequent contributing writer for Forbes, TechCrunch, and Psychology Today – writing about the intersection of psychology, technology, and business. Nir frequently writes about how technology shapes user behavior by creating new habits.
Personal life.
Nir is an Israeli-born American now residing in Silicon Valley, California. Nir co-founded two start-ups. The first, Sunshine Business Development was acquired in 2007. The second, AdNectar, received venture funding from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and was acquired in 2011. 
Nir holds an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BA from Emory University.

</doc>
<doc id="36854265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854265" title="Thomas Meakin Lockwood">
Thomas Meakin Lockwood

Thomas Meakin Lockwood (1830 – 15 July 1900) was an English architect whose main works are in and around Chester, Cheshire. He was born in London, and brought up in East Anglia. From 1851 he was articled to Philip Causton Lockwood, the Borough Surveyor of Brighton. He then worked in offices including that of George Woodhouse, and of T. M. Penson in Chester. In 1862 he established an independent practice in Chester. His works are located mainly in Cheshire, Shropshire, and North Wales, his designs being influenced by John Douglas and Norman Shaw. These are frequently either timber-framed, or in brick and stone incorporating Tudor, Elizabethan and Renaissance features. In Cheshire and North Wales, his most important patron was the First Duke of Westminster. Lockwood's most prominent buildings, which stand at Chester Cross, were commissioned by the Duke. They stand on opposite corners at the north end of Bridge Street, and are in contrasting styles. Number 1 Bridge Street, built in 1888, is timber-framed in Black-and-white Revival style. Number 2–8 Bridge Street, built in 1894, is in stone and diapered brick, and incorporates Tudor, Jacobean and Baroque features. Lockwood also designed the Grosvenor Museum, also in Chester, and built in 1885–86. The is constructed in red brick, and is in Renaissance style with Dutch gables.
In 1892 Lockwood's sons, William Thomas and Philip H. Lockwood joined him in partnership; the practise was known as T. M. Lockwood and Sons, and was continued by his sons after his death. According to the architectural historian Edward Hubbard, Lockwood is the only 19th-century Chester architect other than John Douglas to have acquired a national reputation. A memorial window to his memory is in the north aisle of St John the Baptist's Church, Chester.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36854280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854280" title="Flytxt">
Flytxt

Flytxt is a software product company that specializes in Big Data Analytics enabled advanced mobile marketing and advertising for the Telecom industry. The company has its headquarters in Amsterdam, Netherlands, corporate office in Dubai and global delivery centres at Thiruvananthapuram and Mumbai in India. The company has presence in London, Kuala Lampur, Lagos, Nairobi, Dhaka and New Delhi.
Flytxt has operations in South Asia and Africa. Vinod Vasudevan is the Group CEO of Flytxt.
Products.
Flytxt has two products in the mobile marketing business domain, NEON and QREDA. 
Corporate social responsibility.
Flytxt has an in-house staff club named "Konnekt" that organises charity activities and staff welfare programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36854286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854286" title="Small Cat Conservation Alliance">
Small Cat Conservation Alliance

The Small Cat Conservation Alliance (SCCA) was founded in 1996, to address the conservation needs small wild cats and their habitat worldwide. Small Cat Conservation Alliance seeks out local scientists and volunteers that are working to protect small cats in remote regions worldwide. They collect data that can be used to seek endangered species classification. SCCA operates in Kalimantan (Borneo), Sumatra, Chile, and China; and works with partners in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Cambodia, India, Sarawak, Suriname and Vietnam. The Small Cat Conservation is also partnered with the Wildlife Conservation Network.
Species.
Out of the 36 feline species, 22 are considered small cat species. The primary priority species that SCCA addresses include: 
• African wildcat (Felis silvestris lybica)
• Andean mountain cat (Leopardus jacobita)
• Bornean bay cat (Pardofelis badia)
• Chinese mountain cat (Felis bieti)
• Fishing cat (Prionailurus viverrinus)
• Flat-headed cat (Prionailurus planiceps)
• Guigna (Leopardus guigna)
• Leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis)
• Marbled cat (Pardofelis marmorata)
• Margay (Leopardus wiedii)
• Rusty-spotted cat (Prionailurus rubiginosus)
Programs.
Camera traps.
Cameras are set up to photograph anything that passes in the area to gain information of the population, behaviors and activities of small cats and those that share their territory. In 2007 SCCA captured the first photograph of a Chinese mountain cat in the wild.
Radio collars.
Small cats are fitted with radio collars to help study their range and behaviors including contact with humans.
Local resources.
Local conservationists and scientists are sought after for conservation planning of targeted species and their habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="36854310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854310" title="Table tennis at the 1974 Asian Games">
Table tennis at the 1974 Asian Games

Table tennis was contested at the 1974 Asian Games in Tehran, Iran from September 8 to September 15, 1974. Table tennis had team, doubles and singles events for men and women, as well as a mixed doubles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36854313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854313" title="1973 Medal of Honor Firecracker 400">
1973 Medal of Honor Firecracker 400

The 1973 Medal of Honor Firecracker 400 is a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race that took place on July 4, 1973 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida, USA.
Summary.
This race eventually became Marty Robbins' most iconic race during his career in NASCAR. While he would start in an absymal 36th place (out of the 40 drivers who made up the racing grid), he would put on a miraculous comeback and finish the race in eighth place, seven laps down. J.D. McDuffie ended up being the last-place finisher of this race due to an engine problem on lap 2 of 160. It took more than 160 minutes and two caution flags for David Pearson to defeat Richard Petty in front of a live audience of sixty thousand devoted stock car racing fans. Six car lengths was determined to be the distance between Petty and Pearson after the race was resolved. Bobby Allison secured the pole position for the race by driving at speeds up to during the solo qualifying sessions.
For the two and a half hour spectacle, the drivers averaged . Engine problems also took numerous other drivers out of the race. All competitors (except for Canadian-born Vic Parsons) were born in the United States. Mercury, Dodge, and Chevrolet made up the majority of the driving grid for this event. Bobby Allison, Cale Yarborough, Richard Petty, and David Pearson jointly monopolized the changes in the leadership position.
The winner of the race walked away with $16,100 in prize winnings ($ in today's money) while the last-place winner received just $1,270 ($ in today's money). All the prize winnings from this race added up to $105,080 ($ in today's money).

</doc>
<doc id="36854317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854317" title="Gøril Havrevold">
Gøril Havrevold

Gøril Havrevold, née Egede-Nissen (1914 – 1992) was a Norwegian actress.
She was born in Stavanger; the daughter of Adam Egede-Nissen and Georga Wilhelma Ellertsen. Among her sisters are Aud Richter, Gerd Grieg and Ada Kramm, all actors. She was first married to actor Olafr Havrevold, and later to medical doctor Ragnvald Ingebrigtsen. Havrevold made her stage debut at Nationaltheatret in 1932, and worked for this theatre for more than fifty years, acting in a large number of plays. Her film debut was in "En glad gutt" from 1932, and she also played in "Syndere i sommersol" from 1934 and in "Fant" from 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="36854351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854351" title="Declan Bonner">
Declan Bonner

Declan Bonner (born 11 August 1965) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer and, later, manager. He also maintains prominent media roles in his native county, such as with Highland Radio and local newspapers.
Playing career.
At club level he played for Na Rossa. He also coached Carl McHugh at Na Rossa. 
He went on to manage Donegal (1997 - 2000), though not very well.
He managed Ghaoth Dobhair to the 2006 Donegal Senior Football Championship title.

</doc>
<doc id="36854364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854364" title="Stellavox">
Stellavox

Stellavox is a company based in Switzerland and is most noted for their compact portable reel-to-reel magnetic tape audio recorders used by radio and TV-stations and motion picture location sound mixers as an alternative to the Nagra recorders.

</doc>
<doc id="36854432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854432" title="Gliding Over All">
Gliding Over All

"Gliding Over All" is the eighth episode of the fifth season and the mid-season finale of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad", and the 54th overall episode of the series. Written by Moira Walley-Beckett and directed by Michelle MacLaren, it aired on AMC in the United States on September 2, 2012.
The episode is titled after poem 271 of Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass", a book which is featured prominently in the series.
Plot.
With Mike's (Jonathan Banks) dead body stuffed in the trunk of Walter's (Bryan Cranston) car, Walter and Todd (Jesse Plemons) prepare a barrel of hydrofluoric acid. When Jesse (Aaron Paul) arrives, Walter informs him that Mike is "gone." When asked by Jesse how they will deal with Mike's nine henchmen now that they will not be receiving their hazard payments, Walter tells Jesse that he will address the issue by himself now that Mike and Jesse have left the business.
Walter meets with Lydia (Laura Fraser) at a coffee shop to obtain the names of Mike's henchmen. Suspecting that Walter will see her as a liability and kill her, Lydia proposes a partnership in which Walter expands his distribution overseas to the Czech Republic, which has a high percentage of meth users. When asked why she didn't pitch her idea to Gus, she claims that he had approved her idea before he was killed. When Walter agrees with her proposal, Lydia provides him with a list of nine names. After Lydia leaves, Walter removes his hat from the table, revealing the vial of ricin from his and Jesse's plot to kill Gus, which he then re-hides in his house.
Walter calls Todd and asks him to meet with his uncle, Jack (Michael Bowen), who has ties with white supremacist gangs operating in various prisons. Meeting in a motel room, Walter enlists Jack and his men to kill Mike's nine henchmen and their now-imprisoned lawyer Dan (Chris Freihofer), insisting that they be killed simultaneously. In a period of less than two minutes and across three different prisons, the ten are killed. When Hank (Dean Norris) learns of the deaths, he is crushed and tells Walter that he yearns for a simpler job that does not involve "chasing monsters".
For the next few months, Walter's meth production runs profitably and uninhibited, raking in millions of dollars; however, Walter is not happy and is notably shaken. Elsewhere, Marie (Betsy Brandt) encourages Skyler to start repairing the family. Later, Skyler brings Walter to an enormous pile of money she has been collecting in a storage unit. After explaining to a stunned Walter that there is simply too much money to launder, Skyler pleads with him: "I want my kids back. I want my life back. Please tell me. How much is enough? How big does this pile have to be?" Later, Walter relents and informs her that he is "out".
In the meantime, Walter visits Jesse. Although Jesse is fearful of Walter, the two reminisce about the simpler days of cooking meth in the RV. When his visit is over, Walter leaves behind two bags. Fearing for his safety, Jesse unzips the bags slowly, only to find them filled with cash. Relieved, Jesse tosses a gun he had been concealing earlier.
Walt Jr. (RJ Mitte) and Holly move back in with Walter and Skyler, and the family seems to be in repair. During a lunch by the pool with Hank and Marie, Hank leaves to use the bathroom. Rummaging for reading material, he finds Walter's copy of Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass" under some magazines in the bathroom, the same copy given to Walter by Gale Boetticher. As he thumbs through the pages of the book, Hank finds a handwritten dedication: "To my other favorite W.W. It's an honour working with you. Fondly, G.B." Hank then recalls a much earlier conversation, in which Walter jokingly admitted to being the "W.W." found in a handwritten dedication in Gale's lab notebook. Hank becomes visibly shocked, implying that he has at last come to the realization that Walter is Heisenberg.
Production.
This episode features several nostalgic nods to earlier episodes, such as the fly at the beginning of the episode, the painting Walt stares at during the planning of the prison murders (the same painting from Season 2, Episode 3), the damaged paper towel dispenser (caused by Walt punching it in Season 2, Episode 9) in the restroom of Walt's cancer clinic, and Lydia's telling Walt, "We're gonna make a lot of money together", reiterating Tuco's quote from the first season finale. Walt tells Lydia, "Lydia, learn to take yes for an answer," which is exactly the same advice Mike gave him in the bar (Season 4, Episode 2). Series creator Vince Gilligan saw the ending somewhat as Gale's "poetic justice from beyond the grave".
It was estimated that the pile of money measured 6 ft x 3 ft x 2 ft and that Skyler would have not needed a storage unit until she had upwards of $10 million. In "Ozymandias", Walt tells Jack Welker that the buried pile equals $80 million; however, Gilligan expressed his doubts during an earlier podcast:
"I asked prop master Mark Hansen, and he and his guys had tried, just for their own edification, to figure out how much that would be if it was roughly a half-and-half mix of twenties and fifties, and he guessed somewhere in the vicinity of eighty million dollars—eighty, eighty-five, ninety—that's a lotta dough. I don't know, we may have erred on the side of showmanship there instead of reality, I don't know if could've made that much that quickly."
According to Peter Gould, the episode originally featured a scene where Walt is told by his doctor that his cancer is still in remission. However, the scene was cut so that Walt's current state would be left ambiguous.
Reception.
Ratings.
"Gliding Over All" was watched by 2.78 million viewers and received a 1.3 rating among viewers aged 18–49.
Critical reception.
The episode received highly positive reviews from critics. TV Fanatic's Matt Richenthal gave it a 4.8 out of 5 star rating, stating:"'Gliding Over All' still managed to shock, taking Walt to a place I never imagined he'd be prior to the big reveal: contentment. Happiness. A sense of satisfaction over a job well done, an emperor who no longer needed an empire." Richenthal particularly liked the two "gorgeous" montages showing the prison hits and the time lapse. Alan Sepinwall of HitFix called the episode "an absolutely gorgeous piece of work, in both the visual sense and the way it brought us to the next, final phase of Walter White's story."
Michelle MacLaren was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for directing this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="36854434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854434" title="Poshteh-ye Kol Kol">
Poshteh-ye Kol Kol

Poshteh-ye Kol Kol (; also known as Peleh-ye Kolkol and Pelleh Kalkal) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 111, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854472" title="Double-Blind FROG">
Double-Blind FROG

In modern optics experiments, ultrashort laser pulses have been used in a great variety of engineering application and scientific research, for example, biomedical engineering, material science, nonlinear spectroscopy, ultrafast chemistry and etc. Often, these experiments involve using two potentially different input laser pulses, for example, Raman spectroscopy, two-color pump-probe experiments, and non-degenerate four-wave mixing. In many situations, an output pulse is generated by a nonlinear optical process, such as harmonic generation, continuum generation, or optical parametric oscillation. In all such cases, measuring more than one pulse simultaneously is required to completely characterize the experiment and understand its results in order to eventually understand the underlying science of the process under study. Thus a measurement device capable of measuring two pulses simultaneously is highly desired.
Well established ultrafast measurement techniques like Frequency-Resolved Optical Gating (FROG) and its simplified version GRENOUILLE can only measure one unknown ultrashort laser pulse at a time. Another version of FROG, called cross-correlation FROG (XFROG), also measures only one pulse, but it involves two pulses: a known reference pulse and the unknown pulse to be measured. As a result, it forms the basis of most two-pulse measurement techniques.
Blind Frequency-Resolved Optical Gating (Blind FROG) and Double Blind FROG.
Early attempts to solve the two-pulse measurement problem were made by Trebino and Kane and co-workers beginning in 1995. They took advantage of the fact that FROG and its variations involved crossing two replicas of the pulse to be measured in a nonlinear-optical medium (where one gated the other in time) and measuring the spectrum of the product of the two pulse electric fields vs. delay. Thus, instead of using a known reference pulse as the gate, the second unknown pulse was used as the gate. The mathematical form of the measured trace is, formula_1. This particular experimental setup has come to be known as Blind FROG due to its mathematical equivalence to Blind Deconvolution.
Unfortunately, retrieval of two pulses from the Blind FROG trace proved to be ill-posed; many different pulse pairs yield the same measured trace. Without extra information about the pulses, such as the spectra, non-trivial ambiguities are found by the Blind FROG retrieval algorithm. However, even with the spectra, algorithm convergence was found to be too slow.
The attosecond-laser-pulse community, however, finds the Blind FROG approach useful due to the specific mathematical form used in the retrieval algorithm in this case. On the other hand, for more common, longer pulses, improvements were required.
In 2002, in his book, Trebino proposed “Double Blind FROG” (DB FROG) to solve the two-pulse measurement problem. DB FROG is a slightly modified version of Blind FROG in which two FROG traces are measured. This second FROG trace contains the extra information required to retrieve both pulses essentially uniquely (with only trivial ambiguities, such as the zeroth-order phase and the first-order spectral phase, which corresponds to the pulses’ average arrival time).
To understand DB FROG, it helps to consider a particular FROG beam geometry. Here we consider the polarization-gate (PG) geometry. The modification required to turn a Blind PG FROG into Double Blind PG FROG is the addition of a pair of crossed polarizers and a spectrometer. The main idea behind DB FROG is that, when one pulse gates the other, the other must also gate the one. In Blind FROG (see Blind FROG schematic), the gated pulse 2 is simply dumped after the nonlinear medium. But in DB PG FROG (see Figure 2), it passes through a crossed polarizer and is spectrally resolved to generate a second FROG trace. In DB PG FROG, trace 1 is proportional to formula_2 where formula_3 and formula_4 are the two light pulse electric fields. This expression is identical to that in PG XFROG. Trace 2 is proportional to formula_5 where the roles of the two pulses are reversed. This term, of course, also has the form of a FROG trace produced by PG XFROG. The DB FROG retrieval algorithm uses information contained in both traces to retrieve both of the unknown pulses.
Retrieval Algorithm.
A unique DB FROG retrieval algorithm, based on the XFROG algorithm, is used to retrieve the two unknown pulses by making use of the two recorded traces. The retrieval algorithm divides the whole retrieval problem into two XFROG problems. It starts with random initial guesses for both unknown pulses and takes one of the unknown two pulses, say, formula_3 as the unknown and formula_4 as the gate. Even though formula_4 is not the correct gate pulse to begin with, the algorithm treats it as if it is the correct one. The standard XFROG algorithm along with trace 1 is used to retrieve formula_3. The returned formula_3 is not the correct one, but it is an improved version of it, since trace 1 contains information about formula_3. This improved version of formula_3 is then used in the next step of the retrieval algorithm, which now reverses the roles of formula_3 and formula_4 (formula_3 as known and formula_4 as the unknown) and runs trace 2 with standard XFROG algorithm to produce a better version of formula_4. This completes one cycle of the retrieval algorithm and improves both formula_3 and formula_4. The retrieval algorithm then uses the improved results for formula_3 and formula_4 to perform the next cycle. It continues alternating between traces 1 and 2 until the desired agreement between measured and retrieved traces occurs. It typically takes 3-5 cycles to converge depending on the complexity of the pulse pair. Also, complete convergence on early iterations is not necessary.
Experimental and Numerical Results.
Pulse pairs with Time Bandwidth Products (TBP) ranging from 1 to 6 and also different wavelengths have been measured and retrieved experimentally using DB PG FROG. These measurements demonstrated that the DB FROG retrieval algorithm is capable of ignoring experimental noise and various inevitable non-physical details in the recorded traces and that it returns the correct retrieved pulse.
In addition to experimental work, numerical simulations have also shown that the DB FROG retrieval algorithm is extremely robust and reliable.
Advantages and Disadvantages.
Depending on the gating geometry of the experimental setup, DB FROG inherits both advantages and disadvantages from the particular geometry. In the case of Polarization-Gate geometry, the advantage is the infinite phase-matching bandwidth which makes the system alignment insensitive. On the other hand, a disadvantage of PG geometry is the requirement of high-quality polarizers (calcite polarizers work fine) which could be expensive and introduce non-negligible distortion into the pulse. This distortion could be removed by numerically back propagating the pulse through the polarizer. DB FROG is promising and, although not in widespread use, it is a subject of active current research.

</doc>
<doc id="36854482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854482" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2004 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2004 Summer Paralympics – Women's Singles

The women's singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens was held from 19 September to 26 September at the Athens Olympic Tennis Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="36854503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854503" title="Gustav Wagner (Wehrmacht)">
Gustav Wagner (Wehrmacht)

Gustav Wagner (23 September 1890 – 14 May 1951) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36854506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854506" title="Çivril branch">
Çivril branch

The Çivril branch was a branch of the Turkish State Railways. It was built in 1889 by the Oriental Railway Company to service Çivril, which was only north of their mainline. Due to low ridership and virtually no freight traffic, the line was abandoned in 1988. The route is across the relatively flat Çivril plain and passes by Lake Işıklı.

</doc>
<doc id="36854521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854521" title="Martin Gavigan">
Martin Gavigan

Martin Gavigan is an Irish former Gaelic footballer. He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team and played for the county from 1988 until 1995. He played as a defender and started at centre-back in the 1992 All Ireland Final as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin. He also won an All Star in 1992.
Known as "Rambo", he was a schoolteacher and played his club football for Ard an Rátha.

</doc>
<doc id="36854542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854542" title="Peleh">
Peleh

Peleh or Pelleh or Poleh or Palleh or Pelah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854573" title="Cummersdale railway station">
Cummersdale railway station

Cummersdale was a railway station on the Maryport and Carlisle Railway (M&CR) serving Cummersdale in Cumbria. The station was opened by the M&CR in 1858 and lay in the Parish of Cummersdale near to the village of High Cummersdale.
History.
Cummersdale station was opened by the Maryport & Carlisle Railway in 1858. At grouping in 1923 the M&CR became a part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. It was one of several lightly used intermediate stations on this section of the route to be closed by the British Transport Commission (in 1951) in the years immediately after the nationalisation of the UK rail network. The main Carlisle-Maryport line (completed in 1845) remains open and forms part of the Cumbrian Coast Line between Carlisle and Barrow in Furness.
The station had two through platforms. It lay close to a dye works and overlooked Carlisle racecourse.
George Stephenson was the engineer for the Maryport and Carlisle Railway and his one major engineering structure was the 57 metre long, three span Cummersdale viaduct which spans the River Caldew at a 52° skew two miles south of Carlisle. This viaduct was the most significant structure on the railway which was opened as a single line, the current twin track viaduct structure was a 1910 upgrade. This bridge was rebuilt in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36854582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854582" title="Serbia national beach handball team">
Serbia national beach handball team

Serbia national beach handball team is the national team of Serbia. It is governed by the Serbian Handball Federation and takes part in international beach handball competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36854591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854591" title="José Antonio Aponte">
José Antonio Aponte

José Antonio Aponte, often known as “Black” José Aponte, (died April 9, 1812 in Havana) was a Cuban activist, military officer and carpenter who organized one of the largest slave conspiracies in his time, known as the Aponte Conspiracy of 1812. He had formally been first corporal in Havana's black militia, and was the leader of his local Yoruba association. His objective was to free people of color in Cuba from Spanish tyranny. He gained a considerable following amongst black Cubans and was proclaimed by some as a suitable King of Cuba. Aponte assumed leadership of the Afro-Cuban religious fraternity, Cabildo de Santa Barnara in around 1810, and they met in his home, plotting to overthrow the Spanish. 
Aponte provoked an uprising by the Afro Cubans and those sympathetic to the cause in February 1812, but eight of his cohorts were caught and imprisoned and he was eventually caught and hanged on the gallows on April 9, 1812 and decapitated, his head placed in an iron cage and showcased in front of the house where he lived and his hand went on display in another street. The heads of his co-conspirators, both black and non blacks, were also placed around Havana after they were executed.

</doc>
<doc id="36854628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854628" title="German submarine U-361">
German submarine U-361

German submarine "U-361" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out three patrols. She did not sink or damage any ships.
She was a member of six wolfpacks.
She was sunk by a British aircraft west of Narvik in July 1944.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 12 September 1941 at the "Flensburger Schiffsbau"-Ges yard at Flensburg as 'werk' 480, launched on 9 September 1942 and commissioned on 18 December under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hans Seidel.
She served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla from 18 December 1943 and the 11th flotilla from 1 March 1944.
1st patrol.
"U-359"s first patrol took her from Kiel in Germany to Narvik in Norway.
2nd patrol.
Her second foray was toward Bear Island in the Barents Sea, then into the Norwegian Sea.
3rd patrol and loss.
"U-361" left Narvik for the last time on 27 June 1944. On 17 July, she was sunk by depth charges dropped by a British Catalina flying boat of No. 210 Squadron RAF. The pilot, Flying Officer John Cruickshank was awarded the Victoria Cross.
52 men died in the U-boat; there were no survivors.
Previously recorded fate.
"U-361" was originally noted as sunk on 17 July 1944 by a British B-24 Liberator of 86 Squadron. This attack sank .

</doc>
<doc id="36854640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854640" title="Poronay River">
Poronay River

The Poronay River () is the longest river on the island of Sakhalin in Russia. It flows in a southerly direction through Tym, Smirnykhovsky and Poronaysky Districts.
Geography.
The river begins on Mt. Nevel in the East Sakhalin Mountains, flows south through the swampy wetlands of the Tym-Poronay Valley, and enters the Sea of Okhotsk in the Gulf of Patience. before it enters the sea, the river divides into two arms, which flow into the sea apart from each other. The two branches create a marshy river island in the middle. The town of Poronaysk is located near the western mouth of the river.
The Poronay River is crossed by only two bridges, one rail and one road bridge. Both bridges are next to each other, in the middle of the river between the towns of Pobedino and Pervomaisk. The river valley, especially the area between the downstream Poronay and the Deer River (a small river to the east), has many lakes. The Poronay river system is a rich breeding ground for salmon and other anadromous fish, as well as freshwater fish such as Amur pike.
Hydrology.
The river is fed by both snowmelt and rain. Average water flow is 120 m³/s. The highest level of flow has been observed in early May, and the lowest in the second half of September. The river usually freezes in the second half of November, while the ice thaws in late April.
List of tributaries.
"The length of each tributary is given in parentheses:"

</doc>
<doc id="36854644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854644" title="Poshteh-ye Vamarz">
Poshteh-ye Vamarz

Poshteh-ye Vamarz (, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Vāmarz) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854648" title="Nick Beighton">
Nick Beighton

Nick Beighton (born 29 September 1981) is a British adaptive rower who competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. A soldier by profession, Beighton took up rowing as part of the rehabilitation programme after losing his legs during active service. He competes in the mixed scull with partner Sam Scowen.
History.
Beighton was born in Stockport, England in 1981. At the age of seven his family moved to Shrewsbury where he attended Meole Brace School and later Shrewsbury Sixth Form College before matriculating to Sheffield University. In 2006 he was commissioned from Sandhurst as a captain in the Royal Engineers of the British Army. In October 2009, while on patrol in Helmand Province in Afghanistan, Beighton stood on an improvised explosive device. His life was saved by an Army Medic, who kept him stable before being taken to medical facilities in Camp Bastion. Beighton was placed in a medically induced coma and required 36 pints of blood during his initial treatment. Although his life was saved he lost both his legs in the attack. 
In February 2010, Beighton attended a Paralympic talent identification day at Brunel University. It was there that he became aware that the British Paralympic squad were looking for a male Trunk and Arms rower. He first sculled in July 2010 at Guildford Rowing Club as part of the rehabilitation programme at the Defence Medical Rehabilitation Centre. In April 2011, Beighton joined the Great Britain rowing team, and in May he was paired with Sam Scowen in the TA mixed Double Scull at the world cup in Munich. They finished third to take the bronze. In August Breighton travelled to Slovenia to take part in the 2011 World Rowing Championships, he and Scowen finished 6th. In 2011, he and Scowen were the first rowers to qualify for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. They finished fourth at the London 2012 Paralympics, on the losing end of a photo finish for the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36854652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854652" title="Eulerian matroid">
Eulerian matroid

In matroid theory, an Eulerian matroid is a matroid whose elements can be partitioned into a collection of disjoint circuits.
Examples.
In a uniform matroid formula_1, the circuits are the sets of exactly formula_2 elements. Therefore, a uniform matroid is Eulerian if and only if formula_2 is a divisor of formula_4. For instance, the formula_4-point lines formula_6 are Eulerian if and only if formula_4 is divisible by three.
The Fano plane has two kinds of circuits: sets of three collinear points, and sets of four points that do not contain any line. The three-point circuits are the complements of the four-point circuits, so it is possible to partition the seven points of the plane into two circuits, one of each kind. Thus, the Fano plane is also Eulerian.
Relation to Eulerian graphs.
Eulerian matroids were defined by as a generalization of the Eulerian graphs, graphs in which every vertex has even degree. By Veblen's theorem the edges of every such graph may be partitioned into simple cycles, from which it follows that the graphic matroids of Eulerian graphs are examples of Eulerian matroids.
The definition of an Eulerian graph above allows graphs that are disconnected, so not every such graph has an Euler tour. observes that the graphs that have Euler tours can be characterized in an alternative way that generalizes to matroids: a graph formula_8 has an Euler tour if and only if it can be formed from some other graph formula_9, and a cycle formula_10 in formula_9, by contracting the edges of formula_9 that do not belong to formula_10. In the contracted graph, formula_10 generally stops being a simple cycle and becomes instead an Euler tour. Analogously, Wilde considers the matroids that can be formed from a larger matroid by contracting the elements that do not belong to some particular circuit. He shows that this property is trivial for general matroids (it implies only that each element belongs to at least one circuit) but can be used to characterize the Eulerian matroids among the binary matroids, matroids representable over GF(2):
a binary matroid is Eulerian if and only if it is the contraction of another binary matroid onto a circuit.
Duality with bipartite matroids.
For planar graphs, the properties of being Eulerian and bipartite are dual: a planar graph is Eulerian if and only if its dual graph is bipartite. As Welsh showed, this duality extends to binary matroids: a binary matroid is Eulerian if and only if its dual matroid is a bipartite matroid, a matroid in which every circuit has even cardinality.
For matroids that are not binary, the duality between Eulerian and bipartite matroids may break down. For instance, the uniform matroid formula_15 is Eulerian but its dual formula_16 is not bipartite, as its circuits have size five. The self-dual uniform matroid formula_17 is bipartite but not Eulerian.
Alternative characterizations.
Because of the correspondence between Eulerian and bipartite matroids among the binary matroids, the binary matroids that are Eulerian may be characterized in alternative ways. The characterization of is one example; two more are that a binary matroid is Eulerian if and only if every element belongs to an odd number of circuits, if and only if the whole matroid has an odd number of partitions into circuits. collect several additional characterizations of Eulerian binary matroids, from which they derive a polynomial time algorithm for testing whether a binary matroid is Eulerian.
Computational complexity.
Any algorithm that tests whether a given matroid is Eulerian, given access to the matroid via an independence oracle, must perform an exponential number of oracle queries, and therefore cannot take polynomial time.
Eulerian extension.
If formula_18 is a binary matroid that is not Eulerian, then it has a unique Eulerian extension, a binary matroid formula_19 whose elements are the elements of formula_18 together with one additional element formula_21, such that the restriction of formula_19 to the elements of formula_18 is isomorphic to formula_18. The dual of formula_19 is a bipartite matroid formed from the dual of formula_18 by adding formula_21 to every odd circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="36854653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854653" title="Seyd Nazari-ye Olya">
Seyd Nazari-ye Olya

Seyd Nazari-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Şeyd Naz̧arī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Seyyed Naz̧arī) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 677, in 120 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854661" title="Wilson W. Jones">
Wilson W. Jones

Doctor Wilson W. Jones was a California Gold Rush pioneer settler in Los Angeles, California, who acted as county clerk and was also a member of the city's governing body, the Los Angeles Common Council. He is said to have been responsible for the Goldwater family of Arizona establishing itself in that state.
Jones was an Easterner whose trek to California was financed by Preston K. Christian. According to the articles of agreement signed by Christian and Marvel M. Jones on May 11, 1850, the other travelers were to be Marvel and Wilson P. Jones, and Christian was to be paid $325 "when they arrive in California."
The above passage refers to a different Wilson W. Jones, and not to the subject of this entry.
Jones became an assistant to Benjamin Davis Wilson, known as "Don Benito," who was elected the first Los Angeles County Clerk in 1850 but who agreed to serve only if Jones would do the actual work; at the same time Jones would receive "all the emoluments of the title." It was explained later by Judge Benjamin Hayes that 
Mr. Wilson, occupied with his property, which was fast rising in value and which has been the foundation of a solid fortune, left his office to the care of deputies, among whom Dr. Wilson W. Jones may be mentioned for his efficiency.
In a special election on September 9, 1850, Jones was named to the Los Angeles Common Council. His term ended in May 1851.
Jones was also for a time a part owner of Rancho San Jose de Buenos Ayres, which had been conveyed to him and William T.B. Sanford, an early Los Angeles postmaster. In 1852, Jones sold his half interest in the rancho to Don Benito for $662.75, or 75 cents an acre.
He was a member of the California State Assembly from the First District in 1855–56.
Around 1861 he was part owner of some tin mines in Temescal, California.
It was said that Jones was responsible for the decision of Michael Goldwater, the grandfather of Senator Barry Goldwater, to settle in the territory of Arizona after Michael and his brother Joseph had failed to succeed in a business venture in the Sierra mining town of Sonora, California
The Goldwater brothers did poorly in Sonora and fared no better when they moved to Los Angeles[,] where the brothers had a billiard parlor, bar and a tobacco shop in the Bella Union Hotel. . . . A friendship with a Los Angeles doctor, Wilson W. Jones, turned around the Goldwater story. Dr. Jones had been to the Arizona mining camp at Gila City and convinced Michael of the business possibilities there.
Around 1863 Jones and Michael Goldwater began a freighting business from La Paz to Prescott in Arizona.
On one freighting trip, the Goldwater brothers and Dr. Jones were heading back to the river from Prescott when they were attacked by Mohave Apaches. Doc Jones and Mike were in the lead buggy and Joe was in another buggy just behind them. The Indians began firing and one bullet cut through the doctor's hat, and two shots drilled holes in Mike's hat. Joe was not as fortunate. He was hit in the lower back and another ball lodged in his shoulder. The Indians were driven from their ambush of the Goldwater party by ranchers who had come on the battle scene. Dr. Jones worked on Joe, treating him until the party arrived at a military camp where a surgeon was found. For years Joe carried on his watch chain the ball Dr. Jones had taken from his back.
Jones also lived in Phoenix, Arizona, where his house at 1008 East Buckeye Road is noted as the "oldest standing building" in that city.

</doc>
<doc id="36854664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854664" title="Bill hopper">
Bill hopper

Bill Hopper may refer to:
bill hopper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854687" title="Susanne Augustesen">
Susanne Augustesen

Susanne "Susy" Augustesen (born 10 May 1956) is a Danish former international footballer who played club football for many years in Italy.
Club career.
In a professional career spanning some 20 years, Augustesen scored over 600 goals in Italy's top flight. She was the Serie A top goalscorer on eight occasions.
International career.
In September 1971, 15–year–old Augustesen scored a hat-trick for Denmark in the final of an unofficial World Cup. The Danes beat hosts Mexico 3–0 before 110,000 spectators at the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City. Augustesen, who had needed her parents' permission to attend the tournament, scored all three goals with her left foot.
The Danish Football Association (DBU) took over the running of women's football and launched an official national team in 1972. There remained some ambivalence and matches arranged were sporadic. Despite a highly successful professional career in Italy, Augustesen was never called–up to the DBU team.

</doc>
<doc id="36854709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854709" title="Neophytus">
Neophytus

Neophytus or Neophytos (, "newly-planted, newcomer") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854712" title="Matt Gallagher (Gaelic footballer)">
Matt Gallagher (Gaelic footballer)

Matt Gallagher is an Irish former Gaelic footballer. For many years he was Donegal's most capped player until Brian Roper broke his record.
Gallagher played for Donegal from 1981 until 1995. He was a member of the county's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team, when his performances drew acclaim from many quarters. A utility player often deployed as a defender, he started at full-back in the 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final in which Donegal defeated Dublin by a scoreline of 0-18 to 0-14. Later that year he won an All Star for his performances in that campaign.
He played his club football for Aodh Ruadh and, later, Naomh Bríd.

</doc>
<doc id="36854714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854714" title="Serbia women's national beach handball team">
Serbia women's national beach handball team

Serbia women's national beach handball team is the national team of Serbia. It is governed by the Serbian Handball Federation and takes part in international beach handball competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36854721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854721" title="Neophytus (freedman)">
Neophytus (freedman)

Neophytus was a freedman of the Roman emperor Nero. He was one of the four companions on the emperor's late journey in June 68, with Epaphroditus, Phaon and Sporus, and was with him at his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36854723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854723" title="Desmond Higham">
Desmond Higham

Desmond John Higham (born Salford 17 February 1964)
is a numerical analyst and 1966 Chair of Numerical Analysis in the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, United Kingdom.
He is a graduate of the Victoria University of Manchester gaining his BSc in 1985, MSc in and 1986 and PhD 1988. He was a postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Toronto before taking up a Lectureship at the University of Dundee in 1990 and moving to a Readership at the University of Strathclyde in 1996.
Higham's main area of research is stochastic computation, with applications in computational biology, technological/sociological/security networks and mathematical finance.
He holds a Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award (2012–2017) and is a Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) Fellow and Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He won the 2005 SIAM Germund Dahlquist Prize (2005).
Higham has authored four books: 
He also edited the book
He is
Section Editor of the Survey and Review section of
SIAM Review
and is a member of the editorial boards of several other journals.

</doc>
<doc id="36854725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854725" title="List of Nintendo Network games">
List of Nintendo Network games

This is a list of Nintendo Network games available for the Nintendo 3DS handheld gaming device and the Wii U home console.
This list may feature all games that support the service, but not all these games may necessarily have the Nintendo Network logo branded on their retail covers, such as "Heroes of Ruin", the North American Nintendo 3DS version of "FIFA 13" (the latter does have the logo on its PAL version cover), or initial prints of "Mario Kart 7", which was released before the Nintendo Network was officially announced. The same applies to certain Wii U games, such as "", which featured the logo on its preview cover, but not on the final, printed cover. Essentially, all online-enabled Nintendo 3DS and Wii U games support the Nintendo Network, as according to listings on Nintendo's regional websites, and the Nintendo eShop.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36854747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854747" title="Problem-Solving Group">
Problem-Solving Group

Problem-Solving Group (PSG) is a team of problem management and technical support staff that is formed to investigate and diagnose a recurring IT problem.
Background.
The concept of the Problem-Solving Group was introduced in "ITIL Service Operation 2007" but was removed from "ITIL Service Operation 2011".
Definition.
The ITIL Service Operation manual describes the purpose of a Problem-Solving Group as follows:
"The actual solving of problems is likely to be undertaken by one or more technical support groups and/or suppliers or support contractors – under the coordination of the Problem Manager."
"Where an individual problem is serious enough to warrant it, a dedicated problem management team should be formulated to work together in overcoming that particular problem. The Problem Manager has a role to play in making sure that the correct number and level of resources is available in the team and for escalation and communication up the management chain of all organizations concerned.
A paper with a more detailed description of a PSG was presented at a meeting of the British Computer Society at the University of Northampton.

</doc>
<doc id="36854752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854752" title="Lulu Vere Childers">
Lulu Vere Childers

Lulu Vere Childers (1870 - March 6, 1946 in Dryridge, Kentucky) was an African-American music educator. She graduated from the Oberlin Conservatory in 1896, and in 1905 joined the faculty of Howard University in Washington, D.C., where she is accredited with initiating the Conservatory of Music in 1913 and School of Music in 1918. Childers ran the Howard University Choral Society; over the years they performed works such as Handel's "Messiah" in 1919. She was musical director of the university from 1905 until 1942. She was a friend of singer Marian Anderson. 
Lulu Vere Childers Hall, named in her honor, is located in the Arts Building at Howard University.

</doc>
<doc id="36854816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854816" title="Oh, Serafina!">
Oh, Serafina!

Oh, Serafina! is a 1976 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.
It is strictly based on the novel with the same name by Giuseppe Berto. For this film Fred Bongusto was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Score.

</doc>
<doc id="36854821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854821" title="FirstBank Holding Co">
FirstBank Holding Co

FirstBank Holding Co. is a Colorado company that owns 125 FirstBank locations in Colorado, Arizona, and California. Also known as 1stBank.

</doc>
<doc id="36854830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854830" title="Tohamasab-e Olya">
Tohamasab-e Olya

Tohamasab-e Olya (, also Romanized as Ţohamāsab-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854843" title="Varegah, Ilam">
Varegah, Ilam

Varegah (, also Romanized as Vāregah; also known as Vārgar) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,019, in 215 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854848" title="Cheias de Charme">
Cheias de Charme

Cheias de Charme('S"parkling Girls"') is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo. It premiered on April 16, 2012 and run for 143 episodes, with the finale airing on September 28, 2012.
Plot.
The plot tells the story of three maids - Maria da Penha, Maria Aparecida (Cida) and Maria do Rosario who, by luck or talent, will change your destiny. Penha is a 34 year old woman, hardworking, who raised her siblings Alana and Elano, after their parents abandoned them. Penha is wife of Sandro, a trickster who does not want to work and is addicted to football. Penha and Sandro has a son, little Patrick. Penha works as a maid in the house of the singer Chayene, a diva eletroforró tecnobrega and bitter that a bad phase, this she attributes to a nonexistent overweight. Chayene is an evil woman who mistreats all her employees. One day Chayene physically assaults Penha, after she accidentally burned her dress. Penha goes to the police station to report the employer.
Rosario is a cook, who dreams of being a singer and is passionate about singer Fabian. She finally gets to go to one of his show, but gets into tremendous trouble. The singer's bodyguards catch her and take her to the police station. Rosario knows Ignatius, a simple man, who looks exactly like Fabian, and therefore hates him. Ignatious suffers from being confused with the singer by his crazy fans. Rosary falls for him. But Ignatius just want to have a family, and doesn't endorse Rosario's dream of being a singer.
Cida is a 19 year old girl who lives with her godmother, Valda, in the her employer's house, Sonia, a rich woman rich married to Ernani. She has two daughters: Ariela and Isadora. Cida's mother, Dolores, was Sonia's maid, before she died. Cida and her godmother work as domestic servants and are very mistreated by employers. Cida catches her boyfriend, Rodinei, with another woman in a nightclub and gets into trouble. She is also taken to the police station.
Penha, Cida and Rosario end up in jail for contempt. They meet in jail and sympathize with each other. The three maids make a pact: "Employee by day, lady by night." Rosario will work in Chayene's house instead of Penha. Penha in turn, will work for Lygia, a good hearted lawyer. Cida fall for Conrado Werneck, a rich man without character, who doesn't know she is an employee. Isadora arrives from travelling, and Conrado discovers the entire truth. Isadora is bad and envious and plans to separate Cida from Conrad and stay with him. Cida suffers greatly at the hands of employers, especially with Sonia and Isadora, who humiliate her constantly. Mother and daughter are the villains of her story. Ariela is the eldest daughter of Sonia and being overweight tries several crazy diets. Ariela is engaged to Humberto, and is somewhat snobbish and thus a comical villain.
One day, Rosario called Penha and Cida to Chayene's house, while her employer is outside. The three decide to have fun and with the help of Kleiton, create a song "Vida de Empreguete." There, the video clip is shot, with the girls using Chayene's clothes. The clip is a success and they decided to form a band, "Empreguetes." They write new songs like "Marias Brasileiras", "Forro das Curicas" among others. The Empreguetes start being more and more successful, which excites the entrepreneur Tom Bastos and Fabian, who want at all costs to separate Rosario and Ignatius. The success of Empreguetes also arouses the envy of Chayene, who with the help of her maid, Socorro, is obsessed with the singers and will make all the she can to harm the trio.

</doc>
<doc id="36854851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854851" title="Kathleen Collins">
Kathleen Collins

Kathleen Collins (March 18, 1942 – September 18, 1988) (also known as Kathleen Conwell, Kathleen Conwell Collins or Kathleen Collins Prettyman) was an African-American playwright, writer, filmmaker, director, and educator from Jersey City, New Jersey. She is considered to have "changed the face and content of the black womanist film" and to be the first black American woman to produce a feature-length film. Influenced by Lorraine Hansberry, she wrote about African-American subjects as human beings rather than solely as subjects of race.
Background.
Collins graduated from Skidmore College in 1963 and Paris-Sorbonne University in Paris in 1966 with an MA in French literature and cinema.
Accomplishments.
She joined the faculty of City College at the City University of New York and became a professor of film history and screenwriting, where cinematographer Ronald Gray encouraged her to go ahead with a screenplay she had adapted from a Henry Roth short story. That film became "The Cruz Brothers and Mrs. Malloy", which eventually won First Prize at the Sinking Creek Film Festival. This was followed in 1982 by "Losing Ground" (starring Seret Scott, Bill Gunn, and Duane Jones), which she wrote and directed. "Losing Ground" won First Prize at the Figueroa International Film Festival in Portugal and garnered much international acclaim. Both films were shot in Rockland County, NY, and are currently being distributed by Milestone Films. She wrote many other plays and screenplays, but her two most well-known theatrical plays are "In the Midnight Hour" (1981) and "The Brothers" (1982), both of which are available through Samuel French. Themes frequently explored in her work are issues of marital malaise, male dominance and impotence, freedom of expression and intellectual pursuit, and her protagonists are cited as "typically self-reflective women who move from a state of subjugation to empowerment."

</doc>
<doc id="36854862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854862" title="Sybil Wettasinghe">
Sybil Wettasinghe

Kala Keerthi Sybil Wettasinghe is a veteran children's book writer and an illustrator in Sri Lanka. Her books have been translated into several languages.
Early life.
Wettasinghe was born in 1928 and spent the first six years of her childhood in the village of Gintota, situated in the suburbs of Galle, in southern Sri Lanka. Then her family moved to Colombo where she entered into Holy Family Convent. At the age of 17 Wettasinghe joined Lankadeepa newspaper. In 1952, Wettasighe moved to the much-coveted Lakehouse publications where she became the main illustrator of the Janatha newspaper. Her entry into Lakehouse gave access to an entire network of newspapers and she wrote and illustrated for the Sundayobserver, Silumina, Daily News and Sarasaviya. In 1955,she married Don Dharmapala Wettasinghe, the Chief Editor of all the Lakehouse Newspapers. She is a grandmother of five.
Books.
In 1952, while working at the Janatha newspaper, Wettasinghe made her first attempt to write stories. She produced a narrative called "Kuda Hora" for the children's page of the newspaper. This story eventually developed into a book that won critical acclaim both locally and internationally. Inspired by the success of "Kuda Hora", Wettasighe applied herself to writing as well as illustrating and proceeded to produce over 200 children's books over the course of her career.
Most of her books have been translated into languages such as Japanese, Chinese, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, English, Korean, Dutch and Tamil.
Awards.
During her career, Wettasinghe has won much international acclaim and her children’s stories secured awards both in Europe and Asia. In 1965, her story ‘Vesak Lantern’ won an Isabel Hutton Prize for Asian Women writers for Children. Her first book ‘Kuda Hora’ was chosen for the Best Foreign Book Award in Japan in 1986 and in 1987 it won the Japanese Library Association Award as the most popular children’s book. ‘Kuda Hora’ book was translated into seven languages (English, Norwegian, Danish, Japanese, Chinese, Korean and Swedish). Wettasinghe has held exhibitions of her work in Japan and Czechoslovakia and in 2003, she was invited to Norway for a book festival for well-known authors. Internationally her work has received high acclaim and attention, in particular for its distinctly vernacular themes and styles.

</doc>
<doc id="36854863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854863" title="Varegah">
Varegah

Varegah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854870" title="Banbur-e Farkhinvand">
Banbur-e Farkhinvand

Banbur-e Farkhinvand (, also Romanized as Bānbūr-e Farkhīnvand) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854881" title="Balaveh Khoshkeh">
Balaveh Khoshkeh

Balaveh Khoshkeh (, also Romanized as Balāveh Khoshkeh and Belāveh Khoshkeh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 316, in 62 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854897" title="Krum Yanev">
Krum Yanev

Krum Ivanov Yanev (9 January 1929 – 24 August 2012) was a Bulgarian footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a forward.
Career.
Yanev played club football for Botev Plovdiv, CSKA Sofia and Spartak Plovdiv. With CSKA Sofia, Yanev won eight league titles and the Soviet Army Cup twice.
He earned 31 caps for Bulgaria, earning a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics; he also competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36854913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854913" title="Belavah Tareh-ye Olya">
Belavah Tareh-ye Olya

Belavah Tareh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Belāvah Tareh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36854927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854927" title="NBB Revelation Player">
NBB Revelation Player

The NBB Revelation Player is NBB award given since the 2009-2010 NBB season to the player considered the greatest discovery of the season. Normally the award is given to player who attented the NBB U-22, also called Liga de Desenvolvimento de Basquete. But it is not a rule. The first two awards were not given to players from NBB U-22.The award is given at the end of the season, at the wrap party of the championship, one day after the final game. Before the event, three candidates are announced and during the event the winner is chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="36854938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854938" title="Dustin Corea">
Dustin Corea

High School.
Dustin Corea attended Milwaukie High School, which he graduated in 2010. He was rewarded the "Oregon 6A State Player of the Year" award in 2009, the first player in at least 22 years to win the award without making a state playoff appearance. He was also rewarded the "Three Rivers League Player of the Year" award in the same year. Between 2007 and 2009, Corea was included in the league's "Best XI". In his 3 year high school soccer career, Corea scored 46 goals with 21 assists in 43 matches played. In 2006, he scored 6 goals with 7 assists in 15 matches. In 2007, Corea scored 14 goals with 7 assists in 14 matches for a school record for goals in one season. In 2009, Corea scored 26 goals with 7 assists in 14 matches for another school record for goals in one season.
Club career.
Corea was invited to trial with several teams in 2010: Juventus F.C., ACF Fiorentina, U.S. Città di Palermo, Club Brugge K.V.. However, nothing came of these trials and Corea decided to try his luck in his fathers native country of El Salvador.
On July 13, 2011, Dustin Corea signed with C.D. Atlético Marte of El Salvador for 6 months.
Dustin Corea only played 25 minutes in a friendly game with Atlético Marte. A few days later it was announced that he would incorporate into Blokhus FC from Denmark. Corea was granted permission to leave Marte as a clause in his contract stated that if a European club were to become interested in Corea, he would be allowed to leave if desired.
On January 29, 2013, he signed a 6 month loan deal with Danish team Skive IK. On March 13 Dustin signed a 2½ years contract with Skive IK, beginning at the end of the loan deal binding him to Skive IK til the end of 2015.
International career.
United States.
The Oregon native took part at the 2009 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, in which the United States U-17 qualified to the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup. He was not chosen to participate in the U-17 World Cup competition.
El Salvador.
The "Ghost", as he is popularly known, gained notoriety with his goals against Costa Rica at the 2011 CONCACAF U-20 Championship qualifying, which in turn, by an administrative error on the part of the Salvadoran Football Association, left the El Salvador U-20 out of the 2010 CONCACAF U-20 Championship that was held in Guatemala. Corea played for the U.S. U-17, for which the FESFUT must have sent a letter to FIFA in request for an association change, which was not done. Therefore, El Salvador was disallowed for continuation.
After the disqualification it was unclear whether or not the "Ghost" could play for El Salvador in any competition. FESFUT had sent a letter to the FIFA for permission on Corea's behalf. It was until July 1, 2011 that the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) sent the notice of the decision of the "sole judge of the Players' Status Committee," on changing the player's association. The decision was approved of the change and, therefore, Corea can represent El Salvador.
On March 11, 2013 Dustin Corea was called up for the El Salvadoran national squard and got his debut as he startet in and got the first 56 minutes at a friendly against Ecuador on March 21 – on his 21st birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="36854943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854943" title="RMT Bateleur">
RMT Bateleur

The RMT Bateleur (named for the bird species) is a German ultralight and light-sport aircraft, designed by Andre von Schoenebeck and produced by RMT Aviation of Bad Bocklet. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed by von Schoenebeck as his first full-sized aircraft after a career of designing competition model gliders. The Bateleur was intended to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules and US light-sport aircraft rules. The company also plans to type certify it to FAR 23 standards.
The Bateleur features a delta wing layout with a canard. The wing is a cantilever low-wing design. The aircraft also features two-seats-in-tandem under separate bubble canopies, fixed or optionally retractable tricycle landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration. The light-sport version will have fixed landing gear as that category's rules require and a gross weight of .
The aircraft is made from composites. Its span wing has an area of and flaps mounted on the main and canard wings. Standard engines available are the Rotax 912ULS and the turbocharged, Rotax 914 four-stroke powerplants.
Production was initially established in South Africa, but then moved back to Germany, home of the designer.
As of August 2012, the design does not appear on the Federal Aviation Administration's list of approved special light-sport aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="36854956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854956" title="La Reina del Sur">
La Reina del Sur

La Reina del Sur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854959" title="Belavah Tareh">
Belavah Tareh

Belavah Tareh or Balavah Tareh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854960" title="Donald Nicholson (biochemist)">
Donald Nicholson (biochemist)

Donald Elliot Nicholson (16 Sep January 1916 – 12 May 2012) was a British scientist, best known for devising the charts of Biochemical cycles which have become a commonplace in the offices of clinical and bioscience staff worldwide.
Education and career.
The son of a Methodist minister, Nicholson was born in Leek, Staffordshire. He had two brothers, including a twin, Kenneth. He attended Kingswood School in Bath prior to obtaining a degree in colour chemistry from Huddersfield Technical College in 1936. He worked as a researcher with fluorine compounds at his alma mater prior to earning his PhD through the University of London in 1940 or 1941. During World War II, he was involved in the production of sulfanilamide. He became a research fellow at Leeds School of Medicine after the war, working with tubercle bacillus and diphtheria toxins. Thereafter, he assumed a career role as a Lecturer at that school in 1950, becoming a Senior Lecturer in 1964.
The Metabolic Pathways Chart.
The subject of bacterial metabolism was a challenging one for students in the 1950s, as the field had been rapidly expanding since the mapping of the first metabolic pathway in 1940. Nicholson had himself struggled in school and was sympathetic to challenged students. He decided to create a chart that would allow students to better understand the connections in body metabolism. His first chart, completed in 1955, was printed by the architect's department at Leeds. The high demand among students led him in 1960 to a small biochemical firm who agreed to a higher print run, using colour to distinguish the different pathways. He was much heartened when he went to Oxford for a lecture by the Nobel Prizewinner Professor Hans Krebs and Krebs began the lecture by displaying a Nicholson chart.
The chart had as of 2012 been published in over a million copies in 22 editions, including updates by Nicholson to incorporate new findings over the years. It has also been reproduced in many textbooks. Nicholson also created an "Inborn Errors of Metabolism" map for medical students, who felt the Nicholson Chart too focused on biochemistry for clinical medicine. 
Due to his wife's phobia of electrical devices, Nicholson did not digitise his maps until he bought his first computer after her death in 1996. He donated the copyright of his work to the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. However, he continued working on his charts for the rest of his life; at the time of his death, he was working on a version using Flash Animation.
Private life.
Nicholson and his wife Celia had three children. In addition to his career in science, he served as a Methodist lay preacher for many years, from 1939. He also served as a prison visitor.
Honors.
The University of Huddersfield awarded Nicholson an Honorary D.Sc.. The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology appointed him a Special Life Members, one of only two at the time of his death in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36854975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854975" title="Serbia at the 2006 European Athletics Championships">
Serbia at the 2006 European Athletics Championships

Serbia competed at the 2006 European Athletics Championships held in Gothenburg, Sweden, between 7 August and 13 August 2006. 9 athletes represented Serbia, 5 men and 4 women.

</doc>
<doc id="36854981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854981" title="Galatea (horse)">
Galatea (horse)

Galatea (also known as Galatea II; 1936–1949) was a French-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, best known for winning two Classics in 1939. The filly won three times from six races in a racing career which lasted from 1938 until June 1939. After failing to win as a two-year-old she won her first three races of 1939 including the 1000 Guineas over one mile at Newmarket and a the Epsom Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom Downs Racecourse a month later. She was beaten in her only subsequent race and was retired to stud, where she had some success as a broodmare.
Background.
Galatea was a big, powerfully built brown mare bred in France by her owner Robert Sterling Clark, an American industrialist whose fortune derived from the Singer Sewing Machine company. Her sire Dark Legend, who was twenty-two when Galatea was foaled, finished third in the 1917 Epsom Derby and later became a champion racehorse in India. At stud he was a strong influence for stamina and his best runners included Easton (runner-up in the Derby), Duplex (Prix du Jockey Club and Dark Japan (Goodwood Cup). He later became known as the damsire of Dante and Sayajirao. Galatea's dam Galaday won seven races in the United States before becoming Clark's first winner in England in 1931. At stud, she was a successful and influential broodmare, being the direct female ancestor of many winners including Never Say Die who won the Derby and St Leger for Clark in 1954.
Clark sent the filly to be trained in England by Joseph Lawson at his stables at Manton in Wiltshire. In England she was known as Galatea II to distinguish her from an English-bred racehorse with the same name.
Racing career.
1938: two-year-old season.
Galatea failed to win a race in two starts as a two-year-old in 1938. She showed promise however, by finishing third behind Seaway and Aurora in the Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket on 12 October.
1939: three-year-old season.
On her three-year-old debut, Galatea won the Lingfield Park Spring Stakes in which she defeated a colt named Casanova who had won the Dewhurst Stakes the previous autumn. Although she was carrying seventeen pounds less than the colt, the win was enough to establish her as a contender for the classics.
In the 1000 Guineas over Newmarket's Rowley Mile course on 28 April, Galatea started at odds of 6/1 in a field of eighteen fillies, with Lord Glanely's previously unraced filly Olein being made favourite. Ridden by Robert Anjail "Bobby" Jones, Galatea tracked the front-running Olein before taking the lead inside the final furlong and pulling clear to win easily by three lengths and half a length from Aurora and Olein. Her winning time of 1:38.6 was 0.8 seconds faster than the time recorded by Blue Peter in winning the 2000 Guineas over the same course two days earlier.
On 26 May, Galatea was moved up in distance for the one-and-a-half-mile Oaks at Epsom. She was made 10/11 favourite against twenty opponents. In a slowly run race, Jones positioned Galatea just behind the leaders and was in third place following Olein and Ella A. on the final turn. Early in the straight, Galatea took the lead and went clear of the field, but Jones appeared to ease the favourite down in the final furlong and was almost caught by the French-trained filly White Fox, who finished strongly on the inside. The winning margin was a head, with three lengths back to Superbe in third. Jones claimed after the race that he had the situation under control and could have won by much further had he so wished. Later in June, Galatea returned to one mile for the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot in which she carried 130 pounds and finished sixth behind Olein.
Galatea had been considered a contender for the St Leger Stakes in autumn, in which she would have been matched against the Epsom Derby winner Blue Peter. but racing was suspended following the outbreak of the War in September, preventing her from attempting the Fillies Triple Crown, and she never raced again.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Galatea an "average" winner of the 1000 Guineas and Oaks.
Stud record.
In 1940, Galatea and her dam Galaday were shipped to the United States, arriving at Boston on 13 July. At stud in America, Galatea produced three winners including Sugar Bun (by Mahmoud), who in turn produced the Jockey Club Stakes winner Darling Boy. Another daughter, Javotte, by Whirlaway failed to win herself, but bred five winners. Galatea died in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="36854989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854989" title="Iran at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Iran at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Iran competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
Archery.
Men
Women
Athletics.
Women
Football 5-a-side.
Rank: 6th
Football 7-a-side.
Rank: 

</doc>
<doc id="36854996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854996" title="Oktoberfest terror attack">
Oktoberfest terror attack

The Oktoberfest terror attack was a terrorist attack with a right-wing radical background. On 26 September 1980, 13 people died and 211 were injured after the explosion of an improvised explosive device at the main entrance of the Oktoberfest in Munich, West Germany. The attack is considered to be one of the most severe acts of terrorism in post-war West Germany. The attack was attributed to the right-wing extremist and geology student Gundolf Köhler who was killed while placing the explosive device; however, doubts remain as to whether he acted alone. Repeated attempts to re-open the investigation in the years that followed the bombing have not been successful.
The attack and its immediate Impact.
Oktoberfest is amongst the most popular outdoor festivals in the entire world. Held during the first week of October, it is a 16-day event celebrating beer in Munich, Germany. Over six million people attend the event yearly, many visiting from other European countries or other nations abroad. The prospect of a terrorist attack on this particular venue, given its importance to German culture and immense size in terms of attendance, would seem potentially catastrophic. On 26 September 1980, this potentially catastrophic possibility became a reality. At 10:19 p.m., a bomb exploded at the main entrance to Oktoberfest, killing 13 people instantly and causing approximately 225 “non-fatal casualties.” Amongst the individuals killed were one Briton, one Swiss, and three German children, aged 6, 8, and 10; the remaining victims were West-German adults. 
The bomb had been planted in a litter bin at about waist level, allowing it to wreak significant havoc upon detonation. Approximately 50 of the 225 “non fatal” casualties experienced serious, life threatening injuries with the potential to impact the afflicted individuals for the rest of their lives. The area affected by the bombing was the size of a soccer field, which measures at 100 yards long (the same size as a football field) and 60 yards wide. Such demonstrates the devastating impact of this bomb and underscores why it was able to impact a large number of people. Furthermore, analysis of the bomb provides insight into why it was able to be particularly devastating. Reconstruction from the site of the bombing indicates that it was created from a British mortar projectile manufactured in 1954. This particular projectile was modified to ensure an intense degree of fragmentation, which would assist in causing as many fatalities (and severe injuries) as quickly as possible.
Criticism of the official investigation.
The "single attacker" theory that was the conclusion of the official investigation has been doubted by many, including local politicians, victims and various journalists and attorneys.
The criticisms of the official investigation include the fact that known connections between Köhler and the Wehrsportgruppe Hoffmann, a known neo-Nazi militia, were all but ignored in the final report. Also, several eyewitness accounts of the attack itself mentioned Köhler speaking to two individuals wearing olive parkas immediately prior to the explosion as well as statements that a second individual was seen with Köhler looking into the plastic bag that the IED was believed to be in.
The last remaining pieces of evidence from the attack such as shrapnel from the IED were disposed of in 1997. This is routine in investigations that are considered cleared, yet it created some blow-back due to the political background of the attack and the lingering questions surrounding the official investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="36854997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854997" title="Iraq at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Iraq at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Iraq competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855001" title="Modern Art Gallery (Milan)">
Modern Art Gallery (Milan)

The Modern Art Gallery of Milan ("Galleria d'Arte Moderna" in Italian) is a modern art museum situated in the royal villa of Milan in Via Palestro 16, in front of the Porta Venezia Park. Built between 1790 and 1796, the museum was designed by Leopoldo Pollack in neoclassical style. Its collection is largely composed of Italian and European artworks from the 18th to the 20th centuries.
Several donations made by some prominent families of Milan (including Treves, Ponti, Grassi and Vismara) improved the collection, which features masterpieces by Giuseppe Ferrari, Giovanni Fattori, Silvestro Lega, Giovanni Boldini, Vincent van Gogh, Édouard Manet, Paul Gauguin, Paul Cézanne, Giacomo Balla, Umberto Boccioni, Francesco Hayez, Giovanni Segantini, Giuseppe Pellizza da Volpedo and Antonio Canova.
In 1951 the Modern Art Gallery was flanked by the Padiglione d'Arte Contemporanea, a space dedicated to contemporary art exhibitions.
In 2011 some artworks were relocated to the Museum of Twentieth Century, including "Bambina che corre sul balcone" by Giacomo Balla (1912), "Uomo che dorme" by Renato Guttuso (1938) and "The Fourth Estate" by Pellizza da Volpedo (1901).
In recent years the Modern Art Gallery has started a parallel program of temporary exhibitions, including a solo presentation of Tino Sehgal and a selection of drawings from the UBS Art Collection curated by Francesco Bonami. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855003" title="Balavah">
Balavah

Belavah (, also Romanized as Belāvah Tareh-ye Soflá; also known as Belāveh Tareh) is a city in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 290, in 63 families. The city was upgraded from a village and was chosen to be the capital city of Zagros District which was established on June 30, 2013 on the same date. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855004" title="Only One (BoA album)">
Only One (BoA album)

Only One is the seventh Korean language studio album (fifteenth overall) by South Korean recording artist BoA, released in South Korea on 22 July 2012 by SM Entertainment. BoA composed the title track of the album, a first in her twelve years of career.
Background and release.
On July 16, 2012 SM Entertainment announced that BoA will be coming back with her seventh Korean album titled "Only One", two years after the release of her sixth album "Hurricane Venus". For the choreography of her title track, "Only One", she enlisted the help of Nappytabs who also contributed on the choreography on her upcoming dance flick "Make Your Move 3D". SM Entertainment also announced that BoA will be promoting the album via her own comeback show "BoA 4354". The number represents the days BoA has been in the entertainment industry.
The album has two editions: regular and limited. Along with the album, fans can order different bundles that come with a photobook and/or poster. However, the album only became available in the Philippines after almost a year of release on 5 July 2013.
Chart performance and sales.
The title track "Only One" was released digitally on July 22, 2012 and achieved an "all-kill" on Korean digital charts merely hours upon its release. "Only One" proved to be consistent in its digital ranking, maintaining its place on the top 4 of the Korean digital chart Instiz Ichart for 5 weeks, the longest for a song produced by SM Entertainment. It entered the K-pop Billboard Hot 100 at number 12 and peaked at number 2 on its fourth week. It has remained in the top 3 for four weeks. It stayed in the top of the Gaon charts for weeks, and has sold about 2 million singles as of October.
The physical album was released on July 25, 2012 and sold over 28,000 copies on its first six days of release. Since August 2012, the album has sold more than 34,000 copies in total. The album also got more than 934,059 digital downloads according to Gaon Chart. The album is her best selling Korean album so far with the combination of digital and physical sales.

</doc>
<doc id="36855007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855007" title="Kazakhstan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Kazakhstan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Kazakhstan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855019" title="Kuwait at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Kuwait at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Kuwait competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855024" title="Jones Gulch">
Jones Gulch

Jones Gulch is a Valley in the state of Colorado (county of Summit), located at latitude - longitude coordinates (also known as lat-long or GPS coordinates) of N 39.60443 and W -105.93001. Jones Gulch is shown in the center of the topographic (topo) map, which is sourced from the United States Geographical Survey map USGS Keystone quad. The nearest major town is Dillon, CO.
Jones Gulch is a valley located between Independence and Dercum mountain, directly south east from the resort town of Keystone Colorado. At the bottom of the valley lies an abandoned mining settlement consisting of a few (still standing) homes and mining equipment. The settlement can be accessed by trails that approach from the north side of Dercum mountain. To the east, the western face of Independence mountain trailed by a mining road connecting the settlement with old mine shafts.

</doc>
<doc id="36855025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855025" title="Baraftab-e Bi">
Baraftab-e Bi

Baraftab-e Bi (, also Romanized as Barāftāb-e Bī; also known as Barāftāb-e Bagī and Barāftāb-e Beygī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 524, in 110 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855026" title="Kyrgyzstan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Kyrgyzstan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Kyrgyzstan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855046" title="Baraftab-e Chalab Zard">
Baraftab-e Chalab Zard

Baraftab-e Chalab Zard (, also Romanized as Barāftāb-e Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855050" title="Cheers, It's Christmas">
Cheers, It's Christmas

"Cheers, It's Christmas" is the seventh studio album and first Christmas album by American country music artist Blake Shelton. It was released on October 2, 2012, via Warner Bros. Records.
Content.
Included on the album is a rendition of Michael Bublé's "Home", done here as a duet with the original artist and featuring Christmas-themed lyrics written by Bublé at Shelton's request. Other collaborators on the album include Shelton's wife, Miranda Lambert; the supergroup Pistol Annies, which comprises Lambert, Ashley Monroe, and Angaleena Presley; Shelton's mother, Dorothy Shackleford; Trypta-Phunk, a funk side project founded by Shelton's touring band; Kelly Clarkson; Reba McEntire; and Xenia, who placed second on the first season of "The Voice", a televised singing competition on which Shelton is a judge.
Commercial performance.
In its first week of release, the album sold 9,000 copies in the U.S. As of January 2013, the album has sold 428,000 copies in the US. The album re-entered the charts on November 20, 2013 at number 44 on the Billboard 200, selling 8,000 copies, for a total of 445,000 copies. As of December 2013, the album has sold 506,000 copies in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="36855052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855052" title="Cham Push">
Cham Push

Cham Push (, also Romanized as Cham Pūsh and Champūsh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855067" title="Cham Charud">
Cham Charud

Cham Charud (, also Romanized as Cham Charūd; also known as Chamcharū) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855073" title="NBB Most Improved Player">
NBB Most Improved Player

The NBB Most Improved Player is a NBB award given since the 2009-10 to the most improved player of the season.The award is given at the end of the season, at the wrap party of the championship, one day after the final game. Before the event, three candidates are announced and during the event the winner is chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="36855080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855080" title="Choqa Balak-e Chalab Zard">
Choqa Balak-e Chalab Zard

Choqa Balak-e Chalab Zard (, also Romanized as Choqā Balak-e Chālāb Zard; also known as Chaqā Balak, Chīābalak, Choqā Balak, and Choqā Baleh Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Shirvan and Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 153, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855089" title="Hong Kong, China at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Hong Kong, China at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Hong Kong, China sent a delegation to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The team was composed of 28 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36855100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855100" title="Carl Schøyen">
Carl Schøyen

Carl Schøyen (1877 – 1951) was a Norwegian poet and non-fiction writer. He was born in Kristiansand, and his family later moved to Kristiania. A summer with his uncle at Skomvær Lighthouse at Røst was influential for his later literary career. He made his literary debut in 1895 with the poetry collection "Melodier". Among his other books are "Tre stammers møte" from 1918, and "I Sameland" from 1924. He argued for the preservation of nature, including protection of the common Eider and eagles, and of the forests of Pasvikdalen. He was decorated Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="36855102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855102" title="Malaysia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Malaysia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Malaysia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
Medalists.
The country won two medals, a silver and a bronze.
Swimming.
Qualifiers for the latter rounds (Q) of all events were decided on a time only basis, therefore positions shown are overall results versus competitors in all heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36855103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855103" title="Choqa Balak">
Choqa Balak

Choqa Balak or Chaqa Balak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855104" title="Speed Connection II – The Final Chapter (Live In Paris 85)">
Speed Connection II – The Final Chapter (Live In Paris 85)

Speed Connection II – The Final Chapter (Live In Paris 85) is a live album by The Fleshtones. The album was recorded live at The Gibus Club, Paris, France on March 7, 1985. The band were booked to play nine shows at the club over a two-week span, in two segments (March 5–9 and March 13–16). The opening band for these shows were Les Playboys.
The band had recorded the first show (March 5, 1985) and - at the urging of the French division of I.R.S. Records' vice-president Henri Padovani - subsequently rush-released it to sell at the venue during their two-week stay. The record was titled "Speed Connection: Live In Paris 85" (ILP 26412) and was only released in France. However the band was unhappy with the record as lead singer Peter Zaremba had a severe case of laryngitis the night that show was recorded.
The band owed the American I.R.S. Records one more record to fulfil their contractual obligations. In September 1985 the label released "Speed Connection II - The Final Chapter (Live In Paris 85)" - a recording of their third night (3/7/85) at the Gibus Club. "Return to the Haunted House" was actually a studio recording with canned applause taken from the live album Rock Will Never Die by Michael Schenker Group. The same recording also later appeared (minus the canned applause) on the "Angry Years 84-86" compilation album on Imposible Records in 1993.
The album contained many cover versions of songs by other artists. "Trouble" and "Haunted House" by The Kingsmen, "Wind Out" by R.E.M., "La La La La Reprise" by The Blendells, "When the Night Falls" by The Eyes, "Twelve Months Later" by The Sheep (The Strangeloves under a pseudonym) and "Hide & Seek" by Bunker Hill
The cover artwork was by Peter Zaremba.
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Zaremba and Keith Streng, except as indicated.
Side one 
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="36855108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855108" title="Graham Burke">
Graham Burke

Graham Dylan Burke (born 21 September 1993) is an Irish footballer who plays for Aston Villa as a striker. Burke has represented the Republic of Ireland at youth level.
Career.
Aston Villa.
Burke was born in Dublin. He made his senior debut as a 76 minute substitute for Chris Herd in Aston Villa's 3–0 home win over Tranmere Rovers in the second round of the League Cup on 28 August 2012. Burke was the joint top scorer in the 2012–13 NextGen Series under-19 club tournament, scoring both of Aston Villa's goals in the final which they won. On 1 July 2013, Burke along with teammates Samir Carruthers and Michael Drennan, signed a new two-year contract that runs until 2015.
Loan to Shrewsbury Town.
Burke joined League One side Shrewsbury Town on a half season loan on 8 August 2013, and made his Shrewsbury debut in a 3-0 defeat against Leyton Orient two days later. He scored his first senior goal in a 4-1 defeat to Oldham Athletic in the League Trophy, however Shrewsbury elected to end his loan spell early in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36855113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855113" title="Mongolia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Mongolia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Mongolia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855117" title="Choqa Balak-e Harqorush">
Choqa Balak-e Harqorush

Choqa Balak-e Harqorush (, also Romanized as Choqā Balak-e Harqorūsh; also known as Harqorūsh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855121" title="Carex panicea">
Carex panicea

Carex panicea is a plant species in the sedge family, Cyperaceae. It is known as grass-like sedge and can be found in Northern and Western Europe, and also in north-eastern North America. The plant produces fruits which are long, are egg shaped and spiked. Both male and female species leaves are pale blue on both sides.

</doc>
<doc id="36855125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855125" title="Socotran chameleon">
Socotran chameleon

The Socotran chameleon, Chamaeleo monachus, is a species of chameleon endemic to the island of Socotra. When alarmed, it makes a hissing noise, and depending on its mood, it may change color. It is endangered by overgrazing, and is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN Red List. The Socotran chameleon lives in dense shrubland, along wadis, and sometimes in palm plantations.
Taxonomy.
"Chamaeleo monachus" was first scientifically described by John Edward Gray around 1865; however, he incorrectly identified Madagascar as the type locality. It was not until 1880, when Isaac Bayley Balfour led the first scientific expedition on Socotra, was the correct locality of the species identified.

</doc>
<doc id="36855127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855127" title="Myanmar at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Myanmar at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Myanmar competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855130" title="Colour Trip">
Colour Trip

Colour Trip is the debut album by American Alternative Rock band Ringo Deathstarr. It was released in February 2011 in the UK on Club AC30.

</doc>
<doc id="36855135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855135" title="Nepal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Nepal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Nepal competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855138" title="Chaqa Sabz">
Chaqa Sabz

Chaqa Sabz (, also Romanized as Chaqā Sabz and Choqā Sabz) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855144" title="Oman at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Oman at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Oman competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855147" title="Copa do Brasil Sub-20">
Copa do Brasil Sub-20

The Copa do Brasil Sub-20 () is a Brazilian football competition run by the Brazilian Football Confederation for under–20 teams. The first edition was played from October 2012 to December of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="36855151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855151" title="Pakistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Pakistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Pakistan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855156" title="Severn tunnel (1810)">
Severn tunnel (1810)

The Severn tunnel of 1810 was an unsuccessful plan for a tramroad tunnel beneath the River Severn. The tunnel was to cross the river at Arlingham Passage, at a location between Newnham on Severn and Bullo Pill on the west bank, to the promontory near Arlingham on the east.
The intention was to take coal from the expanding Forest of Dean collieries. The proprietors of the Bullo Pill Railway Co. had already, in September 1809, completed the Haie Hill tunnel. They acquired the rights to an existing ferry crossing at Newnham Ferry and began construction of the tunnel, from the West bank. This tunnel was to carry road traffic and horse-drawn coal wagons on the tramroad. The bore was to be 13 ft high and 12 ft wide. This tramroad would have been built to match that already constructed onshore, as a four foot gauge plateway with L-section cast iron rails.
Work began and the tunnel was extended well under the river. On Friday 13th November 1812 water broke into the tunnel. The tunnel was immediately flooded, and the workmen all managed to escape. Unlike the flooding of the later Severn Tunnel, this flooding was too much for the rudimentary pumps of the day and so work was abandoned.
In 1845, the engineer James Walker prepared a report, "River Severn and South Wales Railway", on Brunel's plans for railway bridges across the River Severn. These bridges were to cross from nearby on the Arlingham promontory. Walker's report formed evidence for why the bridge plans were rejected, mostly on the grounds of their effect on shipping. A comment in the report though considered the tunnel plans to be sound and for the rock strata at this location to be amenable to tunneling. This positive report was sufficient to cause Brunel to again consider the crossing the river, this time by tunnel, and he is thought to have consulted with Vignoles on the subject. Brunel would later consider a bridge with a massive 1,100 ft span at this same point.
Some masonry work, including a portion of tunnel lining, can still be seen in a field near Bullo today.

</doc>
<doc id="36855163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855163" title="Sri Lanka at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Sri Lanka at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Sri Lanka competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012. Sri Lanka won their first Olympic medal; Pradeep Sanjaya won the bronze medal in the men's 400 meter sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="36855164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855164" title="Choqa Sabz">
Choqa Sabz

Choqa Sabz () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855167" title="Syria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Syria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Syria competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855176" title="Tajikistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Tajikistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Tajikistan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855177" title="Darreh Chapi, Ilam">
Darreh Chapi, Ilam

Darreh Chapi (, also Romanized as Darreh Chapī; also known as Darreh Chīnī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855178" title="2012 US Open – Mixed Doubles">
2012 US Open – Mixed Doubles

Melanie Oudin and Jack Sock were the defending champions but lost to Sania Mirza and Colin Fleming in the second round. <br> Kim Clijsters played her last professional match, in any format, losing in the second round with Bob Bryan to Ekaterina Makarova and Bruno Soares. Makarova and Soares ended up winning the title after defeating fourth-seeded Květa Peschke and Marcin Matkowski in the final 6–7(8–10), 6–1, [12–10].

</doc>
<doc id="36855185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855185" title="Marian College (Dublin)">
Marian College (Dublin)

Marian College is a Marist Catholic secondary school on Lansdowne Road in Ballsbridge, Dublin. The school motto is "Optimum Optare" - the pursuit of excellence. The school was founded in 1954 and has a student population of 413 boys and 12 girls. The main sports played are rugby, basketball and waterpolo. 
History.
In the early 1950s, the then Archbishop of Dublin, Dr John Charles McQuaid, had invited the Marist Brothers to open a school in the Sandymount-Ballsbridge area. This was in response to the opening of a co-educational school, Sandymount High School. Co-education was anathema to Archbishop McQuaid, so he wanted to provide a Catholic option beside it. The Marists found a beautiful site at Riverside House on the banks of the River Dodder and on 8 September 1954 the first pupils entered the Brothers’ house (Brian Nesbitt being the first student to sign up and later became a teacher at the school) to begin their secondary schooling. The Brothers decided to name the school Marian College as an acknowledgment of the special place of Mary in the foundation and traditions of the Marist Brothers and as an acknowledgment that the Church had declared 1954 as the Marian Year.
Until 1999, Sandymount High School was next door to Marian College.
For the first 34 years, the College was run by a succession of Marist Brothers. In later years, lay involvement in the management and organisation of the College has grown.
Sport.
Rugby union is one of the schools main sports. The college fields teams in both the JCT/SCT competitions with the JCT in the final of the Cup Shield in 2008. The JCT won the Cup Shield in 1968.
Water-polo is the school's most successful sport, the college having won numerous Leinster titles over the past 10 years. In 2010 the senior Gaelic team won both the Dublin and Leinster schools championships.They also won a Leinster basketball title in 1989-90,coached by Meany and Nesbitt.The College has also won national soccer cup, captained by Graham Kavanagh and coached by Robbie Cronin. Won the bike polo all Ireland championship in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36855188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855188" title="Dul Kalan">
Dul Kalan

Dul Kalan (, also Romanized as Dūl Kalān) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855196" title="Dul Zard-e Zirtang">
Dul Zard-e Zirtang

Dul Zard-e Zirtang (, also Romanized as Dūl Zard-e Zīrtang; also known as Dūl-e Zard and Dūl Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855211" title="Timor-Leste at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Timor-Leste competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855212" title="Jub Bur">
Jub Bur

Jub Bur (, also Romanized as Jūb Būr, Jūb Bor, and Jūbūr) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855218" title="Turkmenistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Turkmenistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Turkmenistan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855224" title="Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Uzbekistan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36855226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855226" title="Jub Shaleh">
Jub Shaleh

Jub Shaleh (, also Romanized as Jūb Shaleh; also known as Chūb Shaleh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855234" title="Jub Sorkh-e Sofla">
Jub Sorkh-e Sofla

Jub Sorkh-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Jūb Sorkh-e Soflá; also known as Jū Sorkh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855241" title="Jub Sorkh">
Jub Sorkh

Jub Sorkh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855244" title="Halat">
Halat

Halat (; also known as Halat-e Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855266" title="Teatro O Tablado">
Teatro O Tablado

Teatro O Tablado is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, established in 1951 by Maria Clara Machado. Actors who have appeared here include Drica Moraes, Malu Mader, Ernesto Piccolo, Andréa Beltrão, Catarina Abdala, Louise Cardoso, Miguel Falabella, Luiz Carlos Tourinho, Felipe Camargo, Nizo Neto, Anna Cotrim, Jandir Ferrari, Marcello Novaes, Leonardo Bricio, Sergio Kato, Luisa Thiré, Debora Lamm, Cláudia Abreu, Sílvia Buarque, Bia Nunnes, Guilherme Fontes, Ricky Tavares and Eduardo Sterblitch. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855275" title="Pasvikdalen">
Pasvikdalen

Pasvikdalen () is a valley in Norway and Russia. The Norwegian side of the valley belongs to Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county and the Russian side is located in the Pechengsky District in Murmansk Oblast. The valley contains large areas of pine forests, and more than ) of the valley is included inside the Øvre Pasvik National Park in Norway (in the southern part of the valley). The Øvre Pasvik Landscape Protection Area is also located in the valley, outside of the park. 
The valley was traditionally inhabited by Sami people. The river Pasvikelva runs through the valley (giving it the name) and the river defines part of the Norway–Russia border. The southern part of the valley is also the location of the Treriksrøysa, the point where the borders of Norway, Finland, and Russia meet. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855280" title="Kaleh Qatar-e Olya">
Kaleh Qatar-e Olya

Kaleh Qatar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Kaleh Qaţār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kaleh Qaţār and Kal-e Qaţār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855291" title="Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla">
Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla

Kaleh Qatar-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Kaleh Qaţār-e Soflá; also known as Kaleh Qaţār and Kal-e Qaţār-e Soflá) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855297" title="Rage of Bahamut">
Rage of Bahamut

"Rage of Bahamut" was launched in February 2012 and topped the Top Grossing Chart on US Google Play for over 16 weeks starting in April. It topped the Top Grossing Chart of the US App Store as of June 12, 2012 and remains popular there. The original "Rage of Bahamut" ("Shingeki no Bahamut") is a fantasy adventure game in which players roam the world, drawing out powers from cards. After choosing between 'Man', 'Gods' or 'Demons' cards, players build and strengthen themselves as well as their teams by collecting, synthesizing and evolving a variety of unique cards.
The cards are then used in various team oriented activities such as order vs. order 'Holy Wars' or order vs. game events such as "Dragon's Awakening", or "Hermit in the Hood".
The game will be adapted into an anime series, "Shingeki no Bahamut Genesis".
Holy Wars.
Holy Wars are periods averaging five days in length in which groups of players (orders) work to try and defeat each other. Every successful attack and defeat of an opposing player earns points for the player and the order, as well as adding one 'link' to the attack chain. Whichever order has the most points at the end of a battle period wins. Battle periods typically last 90–120 minutes. During battles order members usually utilize 'Holy Powder' to fuel their attacks and create attack chains which further multiply 'Holy War Points'. Successful player vs. player (PVP) attacks and wall/castle attacks give 'Spell Power' points as well which are used to boost the entire order's or a specific members's attack, defense, and holy war points earned. As of June 24, 2014, Holy Wars will be suspended to improve on other factors of the game. Due to this, all previous cards with skills for Holy Wars will convert to Castle Crushers skills. When Holy Wars are resumed, the skills will revert back.
Holy Wars Position Skills.
Each different position within the order has a specialized spell power ability unique to that position. The order leader's position skill is called "Shingeki" and when activated it raises each order members attack and holy war points gained for a period of ten minutes. The vice leader's position skill is named "Braveheart" and when activated it raises order members attack, defense, holy war points gained, and does not allow opponents to use "Full Force attacks". The vice leader and order leader cannot both activate their position skills at the same time. The position skill for defense leaders is named "Phalanx" and causes the defense leader to be the only one opponents can attack, and boosts their defense while also assuring that attacks of less than 50 attack power will not decrease his defense power. It lasts six minutes. The attack leader's position skill is named "Warcry" and it lowers opponents defenses by a significant percentage but it only lasts one battle. The support leader's position skill is named "Boost" and it recovers another member's attack power and defense power, or provides a defensive boost to one player. Finally regular member positions can "Yell" at other members to restore attack power and spell power.
Events.
Events are created between Holy Wars. The Random Events typically have players engage in questing in order to 'discover' raid bosses and defeat them in order to gain prizes. The first tier raid bosses are required to be defeated before the second tier, larger bosses may be 'discovered' and there are typically three of them. The raid bosses continually gain levels, attack, and health points as they are defeated and their rewards multiply along with the difficulty in defeat and the length of time given to defeating them. The first tier raid bosses will only allow the primary attack and those called for aid to cooperate in bringing them down. The second tier raid bosses allow all attackers to request aid from others though up to a given amount of typically 100-200 players. Events differ from holy wars and the game-long quest in that players are allowed to use ten card decks rather than the standard five, and there are specific "event cards" whose skills increase damage to raid bosses in events.
In Game Currency.
The in-game currency of Rage of Bahamut is named "Moba Coin". Moba Coin can be purchased with real money and utilized to purchase card packs, holy powders, cure waters, and magic circles. Players in game primarily hold holy powder in highest esteem and utilize it to purchase cards from the auction house "Bazaar", trade for other items, or use it in holy wars/events to gain a higher ranking and reward.
Theft.
Initially, Rage of Bahamut had no restrictions on what could be traded to other players, how soon it could be traded after acquirement, and how many alternate profiles could be created in order further players abilities to create strong carded decks. There was no bazaar system in place so places were required to depend on others for their cards and items. But a massive plague of account hacking occurred and after it Rage of Bahamut did not allow trades for two weeks and set up an auction house system to replace the requirement of player-player trades. It also implemented a more secure way to make sure accounts are safe from hacking attempts.
Card Prices.
In Japan, the original "Rage of Bahamut" is provided as an HTML-based browser game on the domestic Mobage's network, which is operated by DeNA Co., Ltd. On Mobage's worldwide network, "Rage of Bahamut" is provided as smartphone app for both Android and iOS users.

</doc>
<doc id="36855303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855303" title="Kaleh Qatar">
Kaleh Qatar

Kaleh Qatar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855309" title="David B. Shear">
David B. Shear

David Shear is the United States Ambassador to Vietnam as of August 4, 2011. Shear was formerly deputy assistant secretary for East Asian and Pacific affairs at the U.S. Department of State; he joined the State Department in 1982 and has served in Washington, Tokyo, Beijing, Kuala Lumpur and Sapporo.
He will be the next Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs following Senate confirmation.
Early life and education.
Shear is a graduate of Earlham College. He also has a master's degree in international affairs from the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, and was a Rusk Fellow at Georgetown University's Institute for the Study of Diplomacy.
Languages.
Shear can speak Chinese and Japanese.
Personal life.
Shear is a black belt in kendo. He and his wife Barbara have a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36855313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855313" title="Kolang Bor">
Kolang Bor

Kolang Bor () is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 302, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855315" title="California Historical Landmarks in Sutter County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Sutter County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Sutter County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36855316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855316" title="NBB Best Defender">
NBB Best Defender

The NBB Best Defender is a Novo Basquete Brasil award given since the 2009 NBB season to the top defensive player of the season. The greatest winner is the shooting guard Alex Garcia, who won the award five times.
The award is given at the end of the season, at the wrap party of the championship, one day after the final game. Before the event, three candidates are announced and during the event the winner is chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="36855320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855320" title="Kamul">
Kamul

Kamul (, also Romanized as Kamūl; also known as Kamūl-e Karam Khānī and Karam Khānī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 229, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855330" title="Kurag">
Kurag

Kurag (, also Romanized as Kūrag and Kūrak) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 250, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855335" title="Kurak">
Kurak

Kurak or Kowrak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855345" title="Ali Morad Khani-ye Olya">
Ali Morad Khani-ye Olya

Ali Morad Khani-ye Olya (, also Romanized as ‘Alī Morād Khānī-ye Olyā; also kown as ‘Alī Morādkhānī, ‘Alī Morād Khānī-ye Bālā, and ‘Alīmorādkhānī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855358" title="Teatro Carlos Gomes (Rio de Janeiro)">
Teatro Carlos Gomes (Rio de Janeiro)

Teatro Carlos Gomes is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was established in 1868 in the Hotel Richelieu.

</doc>
<doc id="36855361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855361" title="Ali Morad Khani-ye Sofla">
Ali Morad Khani-ye Sofla

Ali Morad Khani-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as ‘Alī Morād Khānī-ye Soflá and ‘Alīmorādkhānī-ye Soflá; also known as ‘Alī Morād Khān-e Pā’īn and ‘Alī Morād Khān-e Soflá) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855365" title="Teatro João Caetano">
Teatro João Caetano

Teatro João Caetano is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Established in 1813, it was the first official theatre in Rio.

</doc>
<doc id="36855366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855366" title="Lona Cultural">
Lona Cultural

Lona Cultural is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855369" title="Lona Cultural Elza Osborne">
Lona Cultural Elza Osborne

Lona Cultural Elza Osborne is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855370" title="Lona Cultural Sandra de Sá">
Lona Cultural Sandra de Sá

Lona Cultural Sandra de Sá is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855372" title="Teatro Tereza Rachel">
Teatro Tereza Rachel

Teatro Tereza Rachel is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855375" title="Teatro Villa-Lobos">
Teatro Villa-Lobos

Teatro Villa-Lobos is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Government-funded, the Villa-Lobos Theatre opened its doors on March 8, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36855377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855377" title="Teatro Ziembinski">
Teatro Ziembinski

Teatro Ziembinski is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was named after Zbigniew Ziembinski, who incidentally was director of the Teatro Serrador in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="36855379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855379" title="Teatro UniverCidade">
Teatro UniverCidade

Teatro UniverCidade is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855381" title="Sala Cecília Meireles">
Sala Cecília Meireles

Sala Cecília Meireles is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is noted for its chamber music and is considered to be one of the best venues in terms of acoustics in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="36855384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855384" title="Teatro CEC Barra">
Teatro CEC Barra

Teatro CEC Barra is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855386" title="Teatro dos Grandes Atores">
Teatro dos Grandes Atores

Teatro dos Grandes Atores is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. "Ricardo Torres" was staged here in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36855389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855389" title="Teatro Miguel Falabella">
Teatro Miguel Falabella

Teatro Miguel Falabella is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
It was inaugurated on 21 August 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36855392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855392" title="Teatro dos Sete">
Teatro dos Sete

Teatro dos Sete is a theatre in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Founded in 1959 by Gianni Ratto, it has featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Sérgio Britto, Ítalo Rossi, and Fernando Torres.

</doc>
<doc id="36855395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855395" title="Ali Morad Khani">
Ali Morad Khani

Ali Morad Khani or Alimoradkhani or Ali Moradkhani () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855408" title="Mohammad Zaman-e Kamul">
Mohammad Zaman-e Kamul

Mohammad Zaman-e Kamul (, also Romanized as Moḩammad Zamān-e Kamūl; also known as Moḩammad Zamān-e Kamūleh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855412" title="Ardscoil Rís">
Ardscoil Rís

Ardscoil Rís may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855418" title="Mian Qaleh, Ilam">
Mian Qaleh, Ilam

Mian Qaleh (, also Romanized as Mīān Qal‘eh) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 517, in 106 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855423" title="Harmony Public Schools">
Harmony Public Schools

Harmony Public Schools is a charter school system in Texas serving kindergarten through 12th grade. The headquarters are located in Greater Sharpstown, Houston, Texas,
History.
The first school opened in Houston in 2000. In 1996, Yetkin Yildirim, a Turkish national, began attending the University of Texas at Austin. Yildirim, who worked as a volunteer in U.S. high schools, said that he thought of the Harmony concept while he and his friends, including Soner Tarim, observed educational practices in mathematics and science. Yildirim said that he decided to advocate for starting the Harmony system because he believed that mathematics and science courses at U.S. high schools are less rigorous than in Turkish schools. Yildirim, Tarim, and their friends took one year to write a proposal for starting the system. Yildirim, as of 2011, is a professor in asphalt technology at UT Austin. Tarim, as of 2011, is the superintendent of the school system.
Harmony Public Schools is believed to be linked to the largely covert religious movement of the Turkish Islamic leader Fethullah Gülen. The school network has been described as part of Gülen's "academic empire". Gülen has denied relations between Harmony and himself, and the main administrators of the schools founded by Turkish teachers in the U.S. have claimed that there are no connections between their schools and Gülen. Tarim also claimed that there is no connection between the leader and the schools.
However, Greg Toppo of the "USA Today" said, "Still, documents available at various foundation websites and in federal forms required of non-profit groups show that virtually all of the schools have opened or operate with the aid of Gülen-inspired "dialogue" groups, local non-profits that promote Turkish culture." Also, in legal filings, Gülen said that he is the "inspiration" behind the growth of the Turkish-affiliated schools. In 2012, Yetkin Yildirim said that he had some influence from Gülen. Some former board members of the Harmony system have had involvement with the Institute for Interfaith Dialogue, a Houston-based organization that has "inspiration" from Gülen.
William Martin of Rice University said, as paraphrased by Toppo, that "educators' assertions of "no organic connection" to Gülen are "accurate" but that "their efforts to minimize ties to Gülen, likely from fear of being branded Islamists, bring unnecessary and probably counterproductive suspicion."
Academic performance.
The Harmony schools focus mostly on science, computer technology, engineering, and mathematics. [http://www.cosmostx.org/AboutUs.aspx]
In 2011 the Texas Education Agency (TEA) rated 21 of the 33 Harmony schools as "Exemplary" or "Recognized," while the remainder were "Acceptable."
Texas newspapers, including The Dallas Morning News, the Austin American-Statesman, and the West University Examiner, commented favorably on the schools. HSA Houston was awarded by U.S. News & World Report a 'Bronze' medal in 2009 and a 'Silver' Medal in 2010. A "Newsweek" report in 2011 named two of the Harmony Schools "Miracle Schools".
Operations.
In 2011 the system received over US$ 100 million in taxpayer funds. Five Harmony schools in Austin spent $7,923 per student, about $800 below the statewide average and $1,600 below the average of the Austin Independent School District. Kate Alexander of the "Austin American Statesman" stated that the system had good academic performance "on a shoestring."
Harmony cut costs partly by paying teachers less than the state average; in 2010 the state average yearly teacher salary was $48,600, while Harmony's average yearly salary was approximately $37,600. Soner Tarim, CEO of Harmony Public Schools, stated that Harmony's teachers were willing to work for less because of the innovative, safe and supportive environment that the schools produce. However, in 2012, many teachers had received higher payment.
In 2012 over 70% of Harmony's teachers were certified; in Texas, the charter schools' teachers do not have to be certified to teach. Now, more certified teachers are being hired in the system.
The Harmony school system spends 6% of their budget on disability and English as a Second Language (ESL). The system also spends little on athletics, guidance counseling, social work, and transportation.
The Harmony Public Schools provides management services for other charter school networks. According to Tarim, Cosmos provides consulting services to the San Antonio, Texas charter network School of Science and Technology, operated by the Riverwalk Education Foundation, which has a separate school board from Harmony Public Schools. Kastner said "others referenced a closer tie between the two organizations, referring to their campuses as 'sister' schools" and that the two networks "contract with several of the same businesses, and students and staff seem to frequently move from one organization to another."
Relations with Turkey and hiring of foreign teachers.
Kate Alexander, an "Austin American Statesman" said, "Harmony's hiring practices and its ties to Turkey have generated controversy." Another reporter from the "San Antonio Express-News",Lindsay Kastner, stated that "the schools have become a lightning rod for criticism over murky ties to religious leader Fethullah Gulen, procurement practices that often favor other Turkish-run businesses with lucrative contracts, and the hiring of large numbers of foreign — often Turkish — employees on H1-B visas." Supporters of the Harmony school system argued that the criticisms of the hiring practices are, as paraphrased by Kastner, "little more than thinly-veiled xenophobia." David Bradley, a longtime supporter of Harmony and a member of the Texas State Board of Education, said "The only crime is that they're Turkish, and in Texas, that is not a crime." Much of the opposition to Harmony originates from the Eagle Forum.
In 2011 the controversy had nearly forced a special legislative session after a small group of Republicans vetoed a bill described by Lindsay Kastner of the "San Antonio Express-News" as "must-pass." The Republicans changed their votes after members of the Texas Congress agreed to launch a Texas House of Representatives investigation into all charter schools instead. The bill that was ultimately passed included a provision that allowed funds earmarked for state public schools to be used to guarantee bonds for charter schools; because this would produce lower interest rates, it would allow Cosmos to save tens of millions of dollars. Michael Soto, a member of the Texas State Board of Education, said that while he welcomed increased scrutiny of public schools, the government issue over Harmony was "a political cheap shot against Harmony for the obvious reason that most of its administration is Turkish."
Chuck Hopson, a Republican member from Jacksonville, Texas who is the chairperson of the House General Investigating Committee, announced in 2012 that the investigation had been finished, and the findings will be delivered to state agencies who are investigating charter schools. In 2012 the Republican Party of Texas included a statement about "foreign culture charter schools" in its party platform, and the statement asked for board of education trustees of charter school systems who are U.S. citizens.
Filing of H1-B visas.
In 2012, according to Soner Tarim, the superintendent of Harmony Public Schools, 290 employees, (16% of its workforce), work on H1-B visas. Most of the employees who are on H1-B visas originate from Turkey. Overall, not very many Texas school districts hire significant numbers of teachers who are on H1-B visas. H1-B visas are intended to attract foreign employees who have skills that are not common among domestic workers. Lindsay Kastner said that "ome students say they have trouble understanding foreign-born teachers" but that "some parents say they are unfazed by concerns over the visas."
Tarim said that H1-B visas are needed since the system has a focus on science and mathematics and therefore requires high recruiting standards for those areas, and that there is a shortage of teachers who are qualified to teach mathematics, science, and English as a second language. According to U.S. Department of Labor data, as of 2012 almost one third of the applications that Cosmos received were for positions not related to mathematics and science, such as art teachers, English teachers, history teachers, accountants, assistant principals, legal counsel, and public relations coordinators. Tarim said that those employees had already been accepted into Harmony when their job positions changed, and that Harmony always promotes from within.
From 2001 to August 2010 the Cosmos Foundation has filed 1,157 H1-B visa applications, and it had imported 731 employees under the H1-B visa, a higher number than all of the other providers of secondary education in the United States combined. By 2012 the U.S. Department of Labor certified 1,197 H1-B visa applications from Cosmos. This is almost twice the number of the H1-B visas certified for Dell USA, and Apple Computer had filed 70% of the Harmony amount.
Business contracting.
Harmony faced accusations that it unfairly gives contracting business to Turkish companies. The Cosmos Foundation awards several contracts to businesses not owned by Turkish people, and Tarim argued that the idea that it was giving an unfair amount of business to a small clique of Turkish companies was a "misconception." Stephanie Saul of "The New York Times" said in June 2011 that "records show that virtually all recent construction and renovation work has been done by Turkish-owned contractors."
In a several year span leading to January 2012 Harmony gave eight of its ten largest contracts to two companies with significant ties with Cosmos, from 2009 to 2012 the companies had been awarded over $66 million in contracts, not including cost overruns or smaller jobs which may have been awarded. Solidarity Contracting, one company, has an owner who is a former Harmony school business manager. The other, TDM Contracting, was established by a former Solidarity employee several years prior to 2012. From January 2009 to June 6, 2011, TDM and another newly started company together were awarded over $50 million in construction contracts. TDM had been in existence when it won its first contracting job, a $8.2 million contract to build Harmony School of Innovation in San Antonio.
Tarim said that for a contract, the lowest responsible bids are rewarded with contracts. Saul said that "everal established local companies said they had lost out even after bidding several hundred thousand dollars lower."
2012 Texas Education Agency audit.
The Texas Education Agency (TEA) performed an audit of the Cosmos Foundation on July 17, 2012. The audit discussed the organization's use of federal funds awarded for Title I grants for schools with large numbers of students in poverty and IDEA-B grants for students with disabilities. The audit did not discuss Harmony's hiring of non-US citizen employees and Harmony's procurement practices.
A preliminary report was released in 2011 to the Cosmos Foundation. Joseph Hoffer, the attorney of Cosmos, responded with a letter that expressed disagreement with most findings within the preliminary report. After the audit was complete, in July 2012 the TEA announced that $186,197 in federal grant funds intended to improve education of low income and disabled children was misspent, with 34% of examined expenses being misspent, or 16.1% of the total expenses associated with the grants being misspent. The TEA deemed this "unallowable." The TEA found that, on one occasion, a campus not eligible for Title I funds received Title I funds. In another, grant funds were used to cover payroll costs, a manner not allowed.
Participation in competition.
Harmony School students participate in a wide variety of different competitions because of the school's emphasis on extracurricular activity. Competitions in which many Harmony Schools are especially active include MathCounts, Science Olympiad, FLL (First Lego League), DISTCO (Digital Storytelling Contests) and Science Fair. HSA Euless, only one year after opening, received an award as the 2010 Best School by the Fort Worth Regional Science and Engineering Fair.
A major Science Fair that students participate in is I-SWEEEP (International Sustainable World (Energy, Engineering & Environment) Project, a competition created by Cosmos Foundation. Many Harmony Schools had field trips taken to I-SWEEEP at the George R. Brown Convention Center in Houston, Texas.
Harmony Schools have participated in DISTCO (Digital Storytelling Contests) in their Computer class as well in their English classes. The DICTCO project is a video made by the students with pictures and their voice recordings presenting about their research or stories. The topics of choice include: 
Schools.
Harmony's initial schools opened in areas formerly occupied by stores and leased areas owned by churches; these spaces are typical locations for charter schools. After selling public bonds, Harmony began to build its own campuses. As of 2012 it still occupies some leased spaces.
Austin.
K-8
K-8
8-12
K-12
K-10
Beaumont.
K-12
Brownsville.
K-12
Bryan/College Station.
K-12
Dallas.
K-12
K-12
K-9
K-11
El Paso.
K-12
K-12
Fort Worth.
K-5
6-12
Garland.
K-12
Grand Prairie.
K-8
Euless.
K-12
Houston.
K-8
9-12
K-8
K-11
K-8
K-8
K-3 
9-12
K-12
4-8
K-8
K-10
Sugar Land.
K-6
7-12
Laredo.
K-12
Lubbock.
K-12
Odessa.
K-8
San Antonio.
K-12
K-9
Waco.
K-12

</doc>
<doc id="36855426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855426" title="Caryl Thain">
Caryl Thain

Caryl Thain (11 April 1895 – 24 September 1969) was an English cricketer. Thain was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born at Catherington, Hampshire.
Thain made his first-class debut for Surrey against Glamorgan in the 1923 County Championship at Cardiff Arms Park. Glamorgan batted first, making 168 all out, with Thain bowling thirteen wicketless overs during their first-innings. Responding in their first-innings, Surrey made 158 all out, with Thain being dismissed for a duck by Frank Ryan. Glamorgan were dismissed for just 35 in their second-innings, with Surrey winning the match by ten wickets. He made a second first-class appearance for the county in that same season, against Scotland at Hamilton Crescent, Glasgow. Surrey won the toss and elected to bat first, making 433 all out, with Thain ending the innings not out on 4. Scotland were then dismissed for 187 in their first-innings, with Thain taking the wickets of John Kerr, Gilbert Alexander and David Stevenson to finish the innings with figures of 3/38. In their second-innings, Surrey made 191/6 declared, with Thain not required to bat in the innings. Set a target of 438 for victory, Scotland made 137/9, with the match ending as a draw.
He later served on the Surrey committee for over forty years, as well as serving as the fifteenth President of Surrey County Cricket Club in 1969, holding the post until his death at Lambeth, London, on 24 September 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="36855429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855429" title="Fundraising Standards Board">
Fundraising Standards Board

The Fundraising Standards Board (FRSB) is the independent regulator for charity fundraising in the UK. The FRSB works to ensure that charity fundraising is always honest, legal, respectful, transparent and accountable.
Launched in February 2007 as a self-regulatory scheme, the onus lies with charities and fundraising suppliers to opt into market regulation through the FRSB. Member organisations make a commitment to the 'Fundraising Promise', to adhere to the highest standards of fundraising practice and to being transparent and accountable in their fundraising. They display the FRSB's tick logo on fundraising materials and appeals, encouraging the UK public to give with confidence. 
The FRSB regulates fundraising practice against industry standards, monitoring complaints about charity fundraising and working to resolve issues between the public and fundraisers. Complaints are escalated through a formal three step process. The annual fundraising complaints report and any adjudications are published at the FRSB's website.
Registered as a Community Interest Company (No 5842626), the FRSB is headed up by Chief Executive Alistair McLean, and Chairman Colin Lloyd.
Charity fundraising.
In the UK, charity fundraising is widespread and varied. Professionals and volunteers employ a wide range of techniques to raise funds for charitable causes. Fundraising is a key source of income for many charities; for some, it is their sole income generator. It is estimated that there are around 45,000 fundraising charities in the UK. Together they raise more than £11 billion in voluntary income each year.
Regulation of Charity Fundraising.
Background.
When the Charities Act 2006 was passed, it prescribed the establishment of a new self-regulatory framework for charity fundraising. In February 2007, a new body - the Fundraising Standards Board - was launched, tasked with regulating charity fundraising in line with industry standards (the Institute of Fundraising's Code of Fundraising Practice. Backed by the Office for Civil Society, the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator and the Welsh Assembly Government, the self-regulatory scheme was developed with the core purpose of protecting and building public trust and confidence in charitable giving. 
A self-regulatory approach was deemed the most appropriate model for charity fundraising. A robust structure that would be flexible enough to enable the fundraising industry to grow and develop, amidst fears from the industry that statutory legislation would be too burdensome, expensive and restrictive. The Charities Act 2006 reserves the power to replace the self-regulatory model, should it fail, with statutory regulation.
In 2013, around half of all voluntary income raised in the UK is now being generated by charities that are signed up to regulation through the FRSB.
Self-regulation.
The UK's self-regulatory framework for charity fundraising is an opt-in scheme for charities and fundraising suppliers, operated by the FRSB. Fundraising is regulated against the Fundraising Promise and best practice standards for fundraisers; the Institute of Fundraising's Codes of Fundraising.Practice. The general public can check whether the charities they support are signed up to self-regulation online at www.frsb.org.uk or by looking for the FRSB tick on charity fundraising campaigns.
Membership obligations.
Organisations that sign up to self-regulation of fundraising must not only adhere to the Fundraising Promise and best practice standards for fundraising, but operate a public complaints scheme and report details of all complaints to the FRSB annually. Where a complainant is unsatisfied, he/she can seek redress from the FRSB.
Charity fundraising complaints.
Summary.
Charity fundraising often addresses highly emotive and sensitive topics. Each person's reactions to any one fundraising campaign might vary extensively. These views are important and can help charities improve their future fundraising campaigns. Also, by getting in touch with charities and discussing their views, supporters can find out more about why charities raise money this way. 
At the end of 2011, charities reported more than 30,000 complaints to the Fundraising Standards Board. As with previous years, when assessed by method, direct mail fuels around half of all complaints, with telephone and door-to-door fundraising yielding the next highest numbers. The most common issues underlying complaints to charities relate to the frequency of asks and fundraisers' use of contact data (this includes data permissions, in addition to data or typographical errors).
How to complain.
If you are unhappy with the way a charity fundraises or a specific campaign, simply get in touch with the charity to inform them of your views. Your feedback should be handled promptly and discretely. It may be used to help inform the charity's future fundraising campaigns. If the charity is signed up to regulation through the FRSB, it will be required to forward basic details of any complaints relating to its fundraising activity with the FRSB at the end of the calendar year.
If you remain dissatisfied with the way a charity has dealt with your complaint or the issues raised, your complaint can be escalated through the FRSB.
Escalated complaints.
When a complainant is unsatisfied by the way a charity has dealt with the issue at stage 1 of the process, the complaint will be referred to the FRSB (stage 2) for resolution. Where an issue is not resolved to either party's satisfaction at stage 2, it can be elevated further to the FRSB's independent Board for Adjudication (stage 3). After review, the Board (made up of both sector and lay representatives, including consumer agency Which?) will ascertain whether the complaint is to be upheld or rejected and, where relevant, what remedial action must be taken. Serious or repeated breaches of fundraising standards may lead to expulsion from the self-regulatory scheme. All adjudication are published online.
Fellow regulators.
The FRSB works in conjunction with a number of fellow regulators including:

</doc>
<doc id="36855431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855431" title="Mian Qaleh">
Mian Qaleh

Mian Qaleh or Miyan Qaleh or Miyanqaleh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855451" title="Neyduleh-ye Olya">
Neyduleh-ye Olya

Neyduleh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Neydūleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 42 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855456" title="SkyLoop">
SkyLoop

SkyLoop is a type of steel roller coaster manufactured by Maurer Söhne. There are currently 10 SkyLoops operating worldwide; 9 of which are identical XT 150 models with only one being the extended, XT 450 model. The first SkyLoop to open was Sky Wheel in 2004 (XT 150) while the first and only XT 450, Abismo opened in 2006. There are also 3 other models available; XT 900, Custom, and Launch, those have not been built yet.
History.
The world's first SkyLoop, Sky Wheel, opened in 2004 and is currently located at Skyline Park in Germany. Sky Wheel is a XT 150 model. This would continue to be the only model of the SkyLoop to be built until 2006 when Abismo at Parque de Atracciones de Madrid in Spain was built. Abismo is a SkyLoop XT 450 (an extension to the XT 150) and continues to be the only XT 450 built as of November 2012. Since then, only XT 150's have been built around the world. Maurer Söhne also have 3 additional models of the SkyLoop; XT 900 (extension to XT 150), Custom, and Launch (uses the XT 150 layout where the train gets launched up the lift hill), although as of November 2012 none have been built.
Models.
Currently, the SkyLoop consists of 5 models; XT 150, XT 450, XT 900, Custom, and Launch.
XT 150.
SkyLoop XT 150 is a short, roller coaster that reaches a maximum height of (the actual track reaches ) and a top speed of . This model also has two inversions and uses a single train featuring 2 X-Cars that seat 6 people each.
After the train departs from the station, it immediately begins to climb the vertical (90 degree) lift hill. Upon reaching the top of the lift, the train turns 45 degrees backwards putting the train and its riders in an upside down position. Then, as the train exits the lift, it goes through a heartline roll before going down the only drop in the layout of the roller coaster. The train speeds through the station going back up the lift. Once it loses momentum the train then returns back down passing through the station again. It then proceeds back up the drop and partially into the heartline roll before once again losing momentum and returning to the ground. After passing the station for the third time, the train is stopped near the top of the lift hill. It is then lowered back down to the station where the next riders board the train. The XT 150 has the option of sending riders around a second cycle at the operator's discretion. When the train stops on the lift hill at the end of the ride, instead of lowering slowly back to the station, the chain will raise the car up and send it through the ride again.
XT 450.
SkyLoop XT 450 is a roller coaster that reaches a maximum height of (the actual track reaches ) and a top speed of . This model is an extension of the XT 150; the beginning is the same. The XT 450 has 4 inversions and also uses a train made up of 2 X-Cars that seat 6 people each.
The roller coaster begins the same way that the XT 150 model does. After the train departs from the station, it immediately begins to climb the vertical (90 degree) lift hill. Upon reaching the top of the lift, the train turns 45 degrees backwards putting the train and its riders in an upside down position. After, as the train exits the lift, it goes through an heartline roll. The train enters the first drop where it reaches its maximum speed of before traversing a tight left overbanked turn. After the turn, the train goes over the only camelback hill followed by another left overbanked turn. The train then follows a flat section of track before going down a small drop leading into the station and back up the lift where the train stops. The train is then lowered back down to the station where the next riders board the ride.
XT 900.
SkyLoop XT 900 is a concept that has yet to be built. The design of model begins the same way as the XT 150 does as the lift, first inversion, and first drop are all present in both models. Along with the elements from the XT 150 model, the XT 900 includes a series of turns, overbanked turns, a loop, and a cobra roll.
Custom.
SkyLoop Custom is a concept that also has yet to be built. The design of this model is based on the SkyLoop XT 150 with an extension of what the particular amusement park wants. Roller coasters of this model can vary from one another.
Launch.
SkyLoop Launch is a concept that has also yet to be built. This design can be incorporated with the XT 150, 450, 900, and Custom models as the "launch" takes place where the normal lift would be. The top speed of the launch would be and is driven by linear synchronous motors (LSM). If this concept were to be built, not only would it have the world's highest inversion, but also the world's highest vertical launch.
Installations.
Maurer Söhne has built ten SkyLoops as of 2012. Nine are SkyLoop XT 150's while one is a SkyLoop XT 450. The roller coasters are listed in order of opening dates.

</doc>
<doc id="36855466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855466" title="Larisa Savina">
Larisa Savina

Larisa Savina is a Russian former football who played mainly for CSK VVS Samara and Lada Togliatti in the Russian Championship, also playing the European Cup with Lada. She was a member of the Russian national team through the 1990s, taking part in the 1997 European Championship and the 1999 World Cup. She scored one goal in each tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36855467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855467" title="Neyduleh-ye Sofla">
Neyduleh-ye Sofla

Neyduleh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Neydūleh-ye Soflá; also known as Neydūleh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855477" title="California Historical Landmarks in Tehama County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Tehama County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Tehama County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36855479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855479" title="Neyduleh">
Neyduleh

Neyduleh or Ney Duleh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855487" title="Timeline of Charlotte, North Carolina">
Timeline of Charlotte, North Carolina

The following is a timeline of the history of Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36855490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855490" title="Nesar-e Chalab Zard">
Nesar-e Chalab Zard

Nesar-e Chalab Zard (, also Romanized as Nesār-e Chālāb Zard and Neşār-e Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855494" title="Nikki Glaser">
Nikki Glaser

Nikki Glaser (born June 1, 1984) is an American stand-up comedian, podcast and television host.
Early life.
Glaser was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the daughter of Julie E. (née Burke) and Edward J. Glaser. She has German and Irish ancestry. Glaser mostly grew up in St. Louis, Missouri. She graduated from Kirkwood High School, attended the University of Kansas, and graduated with a degree in English.
Career.
Glaser first performed stand-up at the age of 18, and in less than two years, landed a spot as a semi-finalist on "Last Comic Standing". Since then, Nikki has performed stand-up on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "CONAN", and two season of "Last Comic Standing". She can also be seen on MTV shows such as "Money from Strangers", "Awkward"": The After Show", and" Failosophy".
Nikki played a small role in Henry Phillips' 2009 film "Punching the Clown". She also appeared as herself in Jordan Brady's documentary I Am Comic.
Since early 2011, Nikki has been hosting a podcast with comedian Sara Schaefer called "You Had To Be There".
"Nikki & Sara Live", a weekly talk show television series hosted by Glaser and Schaefer, premiered on January 29, 2013, on MTV. The show was canceled on November 22, 2013 after two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36855495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855495" title="Carrie Nahabedian">
Carrie Nahabedian

Carrie Nahabedian (born 22 July 1958) is an American chef best known for her work at the one Michelin star restaurant NAHA in Chicago, Illinois. She has previously worked in a variety of restaurants, and whilst at NAHA, she won a James Beard Foundation Award in 2008.
Biography.
Growing up she was influenced in her cooking by her mother, but also by celebrity chef Julia Child. She later described watching Child as "like watching an artist painting". Nahabedian started her culinary career with a three-year apprenticeship at the Ritz Carlton Hotel in Chicago. She then moved to Atlantic City, New Jersey, to become assistant chef to the garde manger at the Resorts Casino Hotel when it first opened. 
She moved back to Chicago to work at Le Perroquet before moving onto a variety of restaurants in Europe before returning to the United States where she became the first woman to work at Chicago's Le Francais. She went on to work at a number of other Illinois based restaurants. In 1989, she became sous chef at the Four Seasons Hotel Chicago, going on to become executive chef, which was her first time at that level. She stayed within the Four Seasons Hotels chain, moving to the Four Seasons Hotel Biltmore. 
After eight years in California with the hotel chain, Nahabedian returned to Chicago to open her restaurant NAHA. It would go on to win a Michelin star and continues to hold one as of the 2012 edition of the guide.
Awards.
In 2008, she was awarded the James Beard Foundation Award for the Great Lakes region, which are described as the Oscars of the culinary world. Mayor of Chicago Richard M. Daley named 22 September 2009 in honor of Nahabedian, the same day that she was inducted into the Chicago Culinary Museum's Chefs Hall of Fame.
It was given four AAA Motor Club diamonds for the first time in 2012. As of the 2012 edition of the Michelin Guide, she is one of only ten female chefs in the United States to hold a Michelin star.
Personal life.
Nahabedian is of Armenian descent, due to her Armenian grandmother Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="36855498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855498" title="Nurabad, Ilam">
Nurabad, Ilam

Nurabad (, also Romanized as Nūrābād; also known as Z̧olmāt) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 166, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855502" title="List of dioceses of the Anglican Church in North America">
List of dioceses of the Anglican Church in North America

The Anglican Church in North America is a province-in-formation seeking recognition by the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is currently divided in 25 dioceses and it has 5 dioceses in formation. There are numerous geographically based dioceses, non-geographical dioceses, and networks. Many jurisdictions overlap with each other.
Each diocese or network has a bishop and sometimes suffragan or assistant bishops. The Anglican Network in Canada's chief bishop is a "moderator." 
Dioceses.
"An * indicates a pro-cathedral."

</doc>
<doc id="36855511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855511" title="Qasemabad, Ilam">
Qasemabad, Ilam

Qasemabad (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855521" title="Sadabad, Ilam">
Sadabad, Ilam

Sadabad (, also Romanized as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855528" title="Shalah Kosh">
Shalah Kosh

Shalah Kosh (, also Romanized as Sholeh Kosh) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 965, in 172 families. The village is tha capital of Ghaleh Rural District, established on June 30, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855539" title="Sar Choqa, Ilam">
Sar Choqa, Ilam

Sar Choqa (, also Romanized as Sar Choqā; also known as Sar Choghā Chālāb Zard and Sar Choqā Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855545" title="Lyda Hill">
Lyda Hill

Lyda Hill (born 1942) is an American heiress and philanthropist. 
Early life.
Lyda Hill was born on September 17, 1942 in Dallas, Texas. Her father was Albert Galatyn Hill, Sr. (1904-1988) and her mother, Margaret Hunt Hill (1915-2007). Her maternal grandfather was H.L. Hunt (1889-1974).
She attended the Hockaday School, an all-girl boarding school in Dallas, from 1952 to 1960. Former Hockaday Headmistress Jeanne Whitman said that Hill’s “tenure at Hockaday was marked by early acumen in mathematics and polite distaste for the classroom.” She entered Stanford University in 1960, but soon left to attend Hollins University, a small liberal arts college for women in Virginia. She earned a degree in mathematics from Hollins in 1964 and received its Outstanding Alumnae Award in 2009.
Career.
In 1967, she launched Hill World Travel, and in 1970 she became President of Seven Falls, a tourist attraction near Colorado Springs, Colorado. In 1975, she joined the Young Presidents' Organization. Hill World Travel had become the largest travel agency in Dallas and one of the largest in the country when she sold it in 1982. 
She continued her business activities in 1990 with a significant investment in the Fort Worth Stockyards, an historic and popular tourist area highlighting the city’s western heritage.
She developed and constructed the Garden of the Gods Visitor and Nature Center in Colorado Springs in 1995 - designed to be free to the public while generating revenue through its retail operation to assist in maintaining Garden of the Gods Park. In 2011, after the center had donated $1.6 million to the Garden of the Gods Foundation, Hill gave the Visitor Center to the Foundation.
She is a member of Charter 100, the Chief Executive Organization, the Citizens Council of Dallas, the Committee of 200, the Dallas Assembly, the International Women's Forum, the Philosophical Society of Texas, and the Young Presidents Organization.
Philanthropy.
In 1982, she also became Chairwoman of the Crystal Charity Ball. She also became president of the Junior League of Dallas. In 1985, she created the Volunteer Connection, linking willing individuals with charities that needed volunteers and received the President’s Volunteer Action Award. The project was replicated in seventy cities across America. In 1985, she also received the Best of America Award. In 1988, the Governor of Texas named her “Outstanding Volunteer in Texas.”
She leveraged her interest in science and medicine to found a women’s breast care center and has funded and launched Remeditex Ventures, a venture capital fund focused on supporting and expediting development of promising biomedical products and therapies, while also providing aid in bringing them to commercial development. She has also promoted science education. In 2010, she was instrumental in expanding the UTeach program, which prepares a new generation of math and science teachers, to the University of Colorado Colorado Springs. In 2011, she donated $20 million in grants to her alma mater, The Hockaday School, to fund a Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics program.
She has served as Chairman of the World Presidents' Organization – Dallas, the Visiting Nurse Association, the Easter Seal Society for Children and the American Heart Association of Dallas and Texas. She has been a member of the Committee of 200, the Charter 100, the Chief Executive Organization, the International Women’s Forum, the Philosophical Society of Texas, the Dallas Assembly and the Citizens Council of Dallas. She is the President of LH Holdings and the Lyda Hill Foundation. She serves on the M.D. Anderson Board of Visitors, the Garden of the Gods Foundation and is the Endowment Fund Chairman of the Junior League of Dallas.
In 2012, she took an interest in public radio, making a $1 million donation to local Dallas NPR affiliate, KERA (FM). As a result, KERA has expanded its coverage of local news in addition to its staff. She also made a recent contribution to the development of the Perot Museum of Nature and Science in Dallas to support the inspiration of young people in the field of petroleum engineering. Most recently, she pledged $50 million to the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center's Moon Shots Program, which aims to combat and eliminate cancer. Her gift is the largest single private philanthropic contribution to date in support of the program. She supports our soldiers with grants of $2 million to the University of Colorado Colorado Springs (UCCS) so the school could establish a veteran trauma clinic and development of mobile Warrior Training Teams at the Brain Performance Institute at the Center for Brain Health at UT Dallas.
Previously, she served on the Boards of the American Heart Association (as Chairman of the Dallas & Texas Chapters), the Arts Magnet High School, the Greater Dallas Chamber of Commerce (from 1985 to 1990), the Peter F. Drucker Foundation for Non-Profit Management, the President's Advisory Board for Private Sector Initiatives (from 1986 to 1989), the Cox School of Business at Southern Methodist University, and the Women's Texas Golf Association (as President). She now serves on the Boards of Trustees of the Garden of the Gods Foundation, The Hockaday School, the Junior League of Dallas Endowment Fund (as Chairman), and on the Board of Visitors of M. D. Anderson.
The Lyda Hill Foundation supports increased understanding of nature and science. She has joined The Giving Pledge, begun by the Bill Gates Foundation, and has pledged to donate her entire wealth to charity, the bulk of it during her lifetime.
She received the President's Volunteer Action Award and the Best of America Award in 1985. The following year, she received the Hockaday Distinguished Alumna Award, the Historical Society Award of Excellence, and she was named one of the Outstanding Volunteers from the Junior League in Richardson, Texas. She received the Governor's Award as Outstanding Volunteer in Texas in 1988, and the Betty Ford Award from the Susan G. Komen for the Cure in 1989. Three years later, in 1992, she received the Newsmaker of the Year Award and the Best Real Estate Development Award in Fort Worth, Texas. She received the Maura Award from the Dallas Woman's Center and the Headliners of the Year Award from Fort Worth Press Club in 1993. Two years later, she received the Outstanding Tourism Award and the Partnership for Community Design Award in Colorado Springs, Colorado. She received the Philanthropy Award from the Komen Foundation in 1996 and the Luminary Award for Philanthropic Innovator from the Committee of 200 in 1998. Additionally, she was named Outstanding Business Leader by Northwood University in 1999, received the Distinguished Service Award from the University of Colorado in 2002, and the Outstanding Alumni Award from Leadership Dallas in 2004. She was named Fundraiser of the Year for Dallas by the Association of Fundraising Professionals in 2007. She also received the Life Achievement Award from the Volunteer Center of Dallas in 2008, and from the Junior League of Dallas in 2011. She received the Charles Cameron Sprague Community Service Award in 2012, an she was named Outstanding Philanthropist by the Association of Fundraising Professionals in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36855550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855550" title="Crepelle">
Crepelle

Crepelle is a French manufacturer of compressors and engines. Founded as Crepelle and Company in 1837, it has a history going back to the early days of industrial engine manufacturing in France. Crepelle is now within the larger French firm Atlas Copco Crepelle. 
History.
Founded in 1837 in Lille, France, the company was an early innovator of steam engine technology. The company became Crepelle and Garand in the late 19th century. The company's steam engines were to be found in many steam ships operating in the 19th century. The company later produced diesel (oil) engines and compressors, introducing its first gas compressors in 1930. 
Several examples of the industrial engines produced by Crepelle in the 19th century survive. One notable example is a large 1889 Corliss valve horizontal single cylinder steam engine. From 1974 until 2006, it was on exhibit at the British Engineerium museum in West Blatchington, Brighton and Hove, East Sussex, United Kingdom. This engine won a gold medal at the 1889 Paris Exhibition. The engine is a restored working engine. It was used to generate electricity for a hospital in France until 1940. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855572" title="Shurabeh-ye Marate">
Shurabeh-ye Marate

Shurabeh-ye Marate (, also Romanized as Shūrābeh-ye Marāteʿ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 272, in 46 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855573" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit

The women's individual pursuit at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on 9–10 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Classification.
The cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function.
Cycling classes:
B&VI 1–3.
The women's individual pursuit (B&VI 1–3) event took place on 9 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Preliminaries.
Q = Qualifier
LC 1–2/CP 4.
The women's individual pursuit (LC 1–2/CP 4) event took place on 10 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Preliminaries.
Q = Qualifier
WR = World Record
LC 3–4/CP 3.
The women's individual pursuit (LC 3–4/CP 3) event took place on 10 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Preliminaries.
Q = Qualifier
WR = World Record

</doc>
<doc id="36855575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855575" title="28 Cygni">
28 Cygni

28 Cygni (28 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.93.

</doc>
<doc id="36855582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855582" title="Taq-e Gavarin">
Taq-e Gavarin

Taq-e Gavarin (, also Romanized as Ţāq-e Gāvarīn and Ţāq Gāvarīn; also known as Ţāq Gārvīn) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 533, in 128 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855584" title="29 Cygni">
29 Cygni

29 Cygni (29 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.96.

</doc>
<doc id="36855597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855597" title="Takht-e Bastam-e Olya">
Takht-e Bastam-e Olya

Takht-e Bastam-e Olya (, also Romanized as Takht-e Basţām-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855602" title="Takht-e Bastam-e Sofla">
Takht-e Bastam-e Sofla

Takht-e Bastam-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Takht-e Basţām-e Soflá) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855606" title="Monoethnicity">
Monoethnicity

Monoethnicity is the existence of a single ethnic group in a given region. It is the opposite of polyethnicity. The use of the concept of monoethnicity has been criticized for preventing diversity from being recognized. It is a common belief in Japan that the entire country is monoethnic; there are some ethnic minorities in Japan. but they represent only around 1% of the whole population 
Koreans regard themselves as a monoethnic society, although there exist small ethnic minorities in Korea, accounting for around 1% of the population of South Korea. These include around 650,000 Chinese immigrants 
Most Sub-Saharan African countries have mono-racial societies (>0,1%), but it's common to find several ethnical groups within the same country. The number of immigrants from these African countries has grown substantially since 1990, but they receive virtually almost zero immigration.
Cossacks have sought to establish monoethnicity in certain communities in the Northwest Caucasus.

</doc>
<doc id="36855609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855609" title="Takht-e Bastam">
Takht-e Bastam

Takht-e Bastam () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855610" title="Museo de Arte Contemporáneo (Madrid)">
Museo de Arte Contemporáneo (Madrid)

The Museo de Arte Contemporáneo (), formerly known as Museo Municipal de Arte Contemporáneo, is a museum in Madrid, Spain, located in the historic barracks of the Conde Duque, a building designed by the architect Pedro de Ribera at the beginning of the 18th century. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1976.
Inauguration.
The Museo de Arte Contemporáneo was inaugurated in November 2001 with two basic aims: to create a permanent forum in the context of a center like the Conde Duque, open to an intense cultural and exhibition program, and to complement the other museums and contemporary art collections in Madrid. Similar to other contemporary art museums, both national and foreign, the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo has used a historic building to house the contemporary art collection, in this case of the Madrid City Council. The Museum is further part of an ongoing program of renovation to adapt it to use for cultural purposes. It showcases the works of art that the City Council has been acquiring since 1980, the year in which the collection began. The Museum covers two floors over roughly 22,000 square feet. This space exhibits nearly 200 works by over 175 artists from different periods and artistic movements in Spanish art, from the historic vanguards to date, through its collection of painting, sculpture, photography, graphic art and installations. The museum has been closed for renovation since April, 2010. The re-opening was planned for October, 2011, but the Museum will remain closed through 2012.
Permanent collection.
The Museum’s permanent collection is made up principally of painting and graphic work although sculpture, photography and drawing are also represented. The permanent collection is exhibited chronologically on the second floor of the Museum and subdivided into the following categories:
Historical vanguards.
This section, which opens the permanent collection, showcases the work of artists such as Francisco Bores, Benjamín Palencia, José Caballero, Daniel Vázquez Díaz and Hipólito Hidalgo de Caviedes.
New creators.
Under the title "New Creators: Figuration and Abstraction", this section brings together a wide range of artists who represent, using very different languages, a broad spectrum of tendencies and aesthetics. In the abstract category, there are works by Alejandro Corujeira, Alberto Reguera, Xavier Grau and Amaya Bozal. The figurative section is represented by artists such as Juan Carlos Savater, Sigfrido Martín Begué, Abraham La Calle, Dis Berlin and Fernando Bellver, among others.
Realism.
Realism – or rather realisms – are represented here in their multiple fields: intimate, urban, fantastical or scenery. This section is opened by Amalia Avia and Isabel Quintanilla. The urban iconography of Madrid is represented by Daniel Quintero, José Manuel Ballester, Félix de la Concha and Menéndez Morán. Jesús María Lazkano and Carlos Díez Bustos offer examples of realism as applied to scenery and the fantastical. Luis Mayo offers a slightly metaphysical vision of some Madrid enclaves.
New figuration and abstraction of the 80s.
The Museum has dedicated fours rooms to this section which shows a wide variety of artists who fully reflect the rich artistic panorama in Madrid post-informal abstraction and neo-figurative tendencies. Among them the presence of Eduardo Arroyo, Miguel Condé, Juan Genovés, Alfonso Fraile and Eduardo Úrculo must be highlighted. The New Madrid Figuration is very well represented by works from the time by Juan Antonio Aguirre, Carlos Alcolea and Manolo Quejido. Abstraction from these years is represented by Alfonso Albacete, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="36855612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855612" title="St Elizabeth of Portugal Church">
St Elizabeth of Portugal Church

St Elizabeth of Portugal Church is a Roman Catholic church at The Vineyard in Richmond in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, south west London. It is next to The Vineyard Life Church.
The church dates from the 1790s. The present building in yellow and red brick, which is Grade II listed and dates from 1824, was the gift of Elizabeth Doughty. It was designed by Thomas Hardwick. A gallery was added in 1851. The chancel, presbytery and tower were rebuilt in 1903 according to plans 
[http://www.calmview.eu/Richmond/Calmview/GetImage.ashx?db=Catalog&type=default&fname=P10%2F10628_page1.jpg]
drawn up by the architect Frederick Walters. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855614" title="Zir Tang, Ilam">
Zir Tang, Ilam

Zir Tang (, also Romanized as Zīr Tang; also known as Zīrtang Bījanvand) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 501, in 110 families. The village was chosen to be the new capital city of Bijnavand Rural District after the village of Balaveh, The previouse capital was upgraded to a village and was chosen to become the capital city of Zagros District, established on June 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36855622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855622" title="Cranmer House (Denver, Colorado)">
Cranmer House (Denver, Colorado)

Cranmer House, also known as Kerwin House, is a historic two-story, Italian Renaissance Revival, stucco clad house located at 200 Cherry Street in Denver, Colorado. The house was built in 1917 for George E. Cranmer, who served as Denver Manager of Improvement and Parks. It was designed by architect Jules Jacques Benoit Benedict. An addition built in the late 1920s, including a dormer, was designed by architect Burnham Hoyt. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36855625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855625" title="T Cygni">
T Cygni

T Cygni (T Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.92.

</doc>
<doc id="36855627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855627" title="Jaklin Kornfilt">
Jaklin Kornfilt

Jaklin Kornfilt is a theoretical linguist, working at Syracuse University.
Education.
Kornfilt graduated from Heidelberg University with a bachelor's degree in applied linguistics and translation studies in 1970. She obtained a master of arts degree in theoretical linguistics from Harvard University in 1980. She earned a PhD again in theoretical linguistics from the same university in 1985. Her PhD thesis was "Case Marking, Agreement, and Empty Categories in Turkish".
Career.
After graduation, Kornfilt began to work as an instructor at Syracuse University in 1983. She became professor of linguistics in 2003.
Work.
Kornfilt's major study areas include syntactic theory, theoretically informed linguistic typology, and the syntax—morphology interface, with special emphasis on the syntax and morphology of Turkish and of the Turkic languages. She also studies German and the Germanic languages. She published a book, entitled "Turkish Grammar" in 1997. 
She also organized and led a linguistics working group of "The Central New York Humanities Corridor", an interdisciplinary partnership with Syracuse University, Cornell, and the University of Rochester from 2005 to 2010.
Awards.
Kornfilt was awarded by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation with the Humboldt Research Award in Bamberg in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36855628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855628" title="Baghleh-ye Olya, Ilam">
Baghleh-ye Olya, Ilam

Baghleh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Bāghleh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bāghleh and Pā Qal‘eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 45 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855629" title="Sinnipee, Wisconsin">
Sinnipee, Wisconsin

Sinnipee (also called Sinipee) is a former settlement in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. Sinnipee was a port community on the Mississippi River at the mouth of the Sinnipee Creek; it played a significant role in the lead trade. The community was first settled prior to 1832 by Payton Vaughan of North Carolina and was founded by the Sinnipee Company in 1835. A hotel called the Old Stone House opened in the community in 1839; both US president Zachary Taylor and Confederate president Jefferson Davis stayed at the hotel during its operation. The community suffered a flood and an outbreak of fever in 1840, which hurt the town's businesses; all but two families left Sinnipee, and by 1859, only one building remained in the town's business district. After a fire, the hotel was dismantled to build a dam on the Mississippi River. The community was located in the town of Jamestown. In 1934, the site of the community was flooded due to the construction of Lock and Dam No. 11 on the Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="36855639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855639" title="California Historical Landmarks in Trinity County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Trinity County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Trinity County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36855640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855640" title="22 Cygni">
22 Cygni

22 Cygni (22 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.94.

</doc>
<doc id="36855645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855645" title="Teatro Alfredo Mesquita">
Teatro Alfredo Mesquita

Teatro Alfredo Mesquita is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil. Inaugurated on 1 December 1988, it is used for presentations of dance performances, theater and houses a small orchestra. The name of the theatre is a posthumous tribute to the founder of the School of Dramatic Art (EAD), Alfredo Mesquita. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855646" title="Matthias Fanimo">
Matthias Fanimo

Matthias Olubori A. Fanimo (born 28 January 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for West Ham United.
Career.
West Ham United.
A youth team player, Fanimo signed his first professional contract with West Ham United in the summer of 2011. He made his first team debut for West Ham on 28 August 2012 against Crewe Alexandra in the Football League Cup coming on as a 60th minute substitute for Matthew Taylor. West Ham won the match 2–0.
International.
Fanimo has played for England at U16, U17, and the U18 level. He made his debut for the U16 side on 28 November 2008 against Scotland U16 in the 2008 Victory Shield which England won 2–0 and in doing so, winning the shield. Fanimo was then given the captain's armband for the 2009 Victory Shield by Kenny Swain and he then scored his first goal at u16 level against Northern Ireland on 5 November 2009 in the 82nd minute as England went on to win 2–0. Fanimo then made his debut at u17 level on 3 August 2010 against Finland. He also made his U18 debut on 16 September 2011 against Slovakia.
Career Statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 5 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36855648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855648" title="Bardeh Bal">
Bardeh Bal

Bardeh Bal (; also known as Bardbal) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 304, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855656" title="Chitlan">
Chitlan

Chitlan (, also Romanized as Chītlān) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855660" title="Teatro de Arena">
Teatro de Arena

Teatro de Arena was a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil. Established in 1953, it was one of the most important Brazilian theatre groups in the 1950s and 1960s. It performed works by the likes of Renato José Pécora, Augusto Boal and Gianfrancesco Guarnieri, before closing in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36855665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855665" title="Heinrich Thoma (general)">
Heinrich Thoma (general)

Heinrich Thoma (26 April 1891 – 30 October 1948) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36855666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855666" title="Cham Kabud, Shirvan and Chardaval">
Cham Kabud, Shirvan and Chardaval

Cham Kabud (, also Romanized as Cham Kabūd; also known as Cheshmeh Kabūd) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855668" title="HD 189276">
HD 189276

HD 189276 is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.98.

</doc>
<doc id="36855672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855672" title="Teatro Bradesco">
Teatro Bradesco

Teatro Bradesco is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855677" title="Super Water Sympathy">
Super Water Sympathy

Super Water Sympathy is a five piece band from Shreveport, Louisiana. Its members are Clyde Hargrove (guitar), Chris Rimmer (bass), Hali Kha (drums), Jason Mills (keyboards) and Ansley Hughes (lead vocals). The group released their first album, "Vesper Belle", in August 2011 independently and released their second album, "Hydrogen Child", in April 2013 through In Music We Trust Records. They have written and produced songs for a variety of groups, including "Chandelier" on B.o.B's album "Strange Clouds" and "Heartshake on Morgan James album "Hunter". The band did two national tours in support of their first album, and have also had songs featured on MTV's shows "Caged" and "". Super Water Sympathy was a featured band on the Vans Warped Tour During the summer of 2012 and 2013. They were also featured at the SXSW festival in March of 2013 and 2014 as well.
Formation.
Brothers Billy and Clyde decided to form the band after taking a few years off from their joint musical projects while attending college at LSU in Baton Rouge. Billy had played rhythm guitar in several bands during college, while his brother played lead guitar. The duo recruited their family friend Ryan Robinson to serve as the band's drummer. The three men worked with a variety of female vocalists to complete their group, but failed to find one that was a good fit. Eventually, Billy and Clyde's cousin connected them with Ansley Hughes, a girl that he knew from high school; a few weeks later, they watched a couple of videos of Ansley on YouTube playing an acoustic guitar. They then found a picture of Ansley on Facebook with a snake wrapped around her head and knew they had found the right lead singer. Ansley later revealed that sometimes she felt like they were "stalking her". Jason Mills (keyboard) joined the group shortly after Ansley.
Origin of band name.
Guitarist Clyde Hargrove stated: "Our Vocalist Ansley once had a dream about having a historic command of water and woke up and explained the dream so then thought about having to be able to sympathize with its abuse." In an interview with Yahoo music Ansley revealed that one night they all had dreams about water and they all woke up and talked about their dreams and one of us said it is a "Super Water Sympathy". Since then the name stuck.
Genre.
The band describes their style as a self-made genre called "water pop", described by the band as "a synthesis of classic symphonic ambiance with modern ethereal anthems." In an interview with KBOI-TV2 News Boise, Ansley stated: "Every song we've ever written coincidentally has some reference to some form of water in it. Whether it be comparison to a river or even a tear or you know things to that and we're very ambient and very ethereal in that sense and we talk about water a lot and we like water."
Collaborating with other artists, Recording in London and the Vans Warped Tour.
In Early 2012 The band was invited to play a showcase in Atlanta, Georgia. After which they were approached by a representative of B.O.B. to collaborate on a new song together. The outcome was the song, "Chandelier", and was released on B.o.B's album Strange Clouds (album). The band recorded their second album in June 2012 at Voltaire Road Studios in London, England. While in London, the band played two shows at the Bedford club, their first performances outside the United States. The album was produced with London-based music producer Cam Blackwood, who has produced and mixed for Florence and The Machine, Coldplay, and Morrissey. They then went on to perform select dates on the 2012 Vans Warped Tour, which included their first ever concerts in Canada (Toronto and Montreal).
"Uh Oh!" single and tours, signing to label, and "Hydrogen Child".
On October 10, 2012, they released their single "Uh Oh!" on iTunes. The music video can be viewed on their Facebook page and on YouTube. The 2012 "Uh Oh!" tour ended December 22 in their hometown of Shreveport. It was announced that the tour will continue in March 2013. The tour will include dates at SXSW.
On January 2, 2013, it was announced that the new album will be called "Hydrogen Child" and will be released April 23, 2013. On January 8, 2013, it was announced via their Facebook page that the band has been signed to In Music We Trust Records for this record.
On February 25, 2013, the band released a new E.P. called "Uh Oh!/Anthem (extended cut)", which featured an extended version of "Anthem". The E.P. is available on iTunes. On March 25, 2013, the band announced the new tour supporting "Hydrogen Child". The tour will again include dates that are part of the Vans Warped Tour.
Second Warped tour and SXSW, Line up changes and new E.P.
Before their run on Warped tour began, Ryan Robinson posted on his personal Facebook page that he is leaving the band for reasons not provided. He has been replaced by Ben Saey. Billy Hargrove has also left band to manage the band and was replaced "Irene and the Sleepers" front man, Chris Rimmer. Super Water Sympathy toured more as a 'post Warped tour' touring on the East Coast in August/September and the Pacific Northwest as part as the McMenamins Northwest Tour. Followed by another five date tour in the West Coast and then the South.
In an interview with the Portland Pick during their West coast 2013 tour, Ansley Stated that the band will begin recording a new album and/or E.P. in January 2014 at Blade Studios. The group plans to have producer Byran Fryzel, a.k.a. Frequency (record producer) - (known for his production of "Monster", Eminem feat. Rihanna)
In October before the band embarked on the McMenamins Northwest Tour, Drummer Ben Seay was dismissed from the band. He has been replaced by Hali Kha, making her the second girl in the band. 
In early January, they started posting black and white pictures of the band in Blade studios. Hinting that recording the new album has begun. 
In late February, they posted an indegogo campaign to fund a trip to play a four day showcase at the 2014 SXSW. They succeeded in reaching their amount needed and traveled to Austin Texas and performed at the SXSW all four days. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855679" title="Teatro Brasileiro de Comédia">
Teatro Brasileiro de Comédia

Teatro Brasileiro de Comédia is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855684" title="Teatro Colombo">
Teatro Colombo

Teatro Colombo is a theatre and cinema in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855687" title="Cham Quleh">
Cham Quleh

Cham Quleh (, also Romanized as Cham Qūleh) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 58 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855688" title="Basilica of Lourdes, Santiago">
Basilica of Lourdes, Santiago

The Basilica of Lourdes is a church in Santiago, Chile. It stands laterally opposite the Quinta Normal Park.
The basilica was planned in the 1930s. Designed by architects Eduardo Costabal and Andrés Garafulic, the church is built in the neo-Byzantine style. It features stained glass windows by Gabriel Loire Studio, covering . The base of the main dome is ringed by 16 statues of prophets, which is a work by sculptor Lily Garafulic.
A Gruta de Lourdes faces the main facade of the basilica, which gives its name to the relatively nearby Gruta de Lourdes metro station.

</doc>
<doc id="36855689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855689" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's club throw">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's club throw

The men's club throw athletics event for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium in London on 31 August. A single event incorporating 3 different classifications (F31, F32, and F51) were contested.

</doc>
<doc id="36855692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855692" title="Dartut, Shirvan and Chardaval">
Dartut, Shirvan and Chardaval

Dartut (, also Romanized as Dārtūt) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855693" title="2 Cygni">
2 Cygni

2 Cygni (2 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.98, and approximately 839 light years away from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="36855696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855696" title="Teatro Fecap">
Teatro Fecap

Teatro Fecap is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855698" title="Teatro Jardim São Paulo">
Teatro Jardim São Paulo

Teatro Jardim São Paulo is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855704" title="California Historical Landmarks in Tulare County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Tulare County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Tulare County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36855709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855709" title="Teatro Lira Paulistana">
Teatro Lira Paulistana

Teatro Lira Paulistana is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855710" title="Clarence Buss">
Clarence Buss

Clarence Harold Henry Buss (19 February 1913 – 6 December 1974) was an English cricketer. Buss was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born at Weybridge, Surrey. He was more commonly known as Sam Buss in scorecards.
Buss made a single first-class appearance for Surrey against Oxford University in 1934 at The Oval. Surrey won the toss and elected to bat first, making 483 all out, with Buss scoring 42 runs before he was dismissed by Richard Tindall. Oxford University then made 305 all out in their first-innings, with Buss taking the wickets of Gerry Chalk and Tindall, finishing the innings with figures of 2/90. Forced to follow-on, Oxford University made 280/7 declared, with Buss bowling seventeen wicketless overs which conceded 53 runs. Set a target of 103 for victory, Surrey reached their target for the loss of five wickets, with Buss one of the wickets to fall, dismissed for 7 runs by Edwin Barlow. This was his only major appearance for Surrey.
He died at Addlestone, Surrey, on 6 December 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36855714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855714" title="Teatro Oficina">
Teatro Oficina

Teatro Oficina is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855729" title="Dar Eshgaft, Ilam">
Dar Eshgaft, Ilam

Dar Eshgaft () is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 471, in 103 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855733" title="Teatro Paramount">
Teatro Paramount

Teatro Paramount is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855736" title="Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Coventry">
Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Coventry

There are ten Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Coventry. In the United Kingdom, a Scheduled Ancient Monument is a "nationally important" archaeological site or historic building that has been given protection against unauthorised change by being placed on a list (or "schedule") by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport; English Heritage takes the leading role in identifying such sites. Monuments are defined in the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 and the National Heritage Act 1983. Scheduled Ancient Monuments—sometimes referred to as Scheduled Monuments (the terms are interchangeable)—can also be protected through listed building procedures (over which Scheduled Monument status takes precedence), and English Heritage considers listed building status to be a better way of protecting buildings and standing structures. A Scheduled Monument that is later determined to "no longer merit scheduling" can be descheduled.
Coventry is an ancient city and a metropolitan borough in the West Midlands of England. The city's history dates back to at least the 11th century (CE), and by the 14th century, it was a thriving centre of commerce. Like several of the other monuments in the city, Coventry's city walls were erected towards the end of the 14th and the beginning of the 15th centuries, though city walls served little defensive purpose by that time and were largely a status symbol.
The oldest monuments on this list—Caludon Castle and St Mary's Priory and Cathedral—were built in the 11th century. Both are now ruins. Coventry's newest Scheduled Ancient Monument is Vignoles Bridge—a single-span iron footbridge over the River Sherbourne, made in 1835 and moved to its current location in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="36855742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855742" title="Espaço Parlapatões">
Espaço Parlapatões

Espaço Parlapatões is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855749" title="Teatro da Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo">
Teatro da Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo

Teatro da Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Paulo is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855752" title="Galmeh">
Galmeh

Galmeh (, also Romanized as Galāmeh, Golameh, Golmeh, and Kalmeh) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 307, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855756" title="Teatro Procópio Ferreira">
Teatro Procópio Ferreira

Teatro Procópio Ferreira is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855761" title="Later cricket career of Jack Hobbs">
Later cricket career of Jack Hobbs

Sir John Berry "Jack" Hobbs (16 December 1882 – 21 December 1963) was an English professional cricketer who played for Surrey from 1905 to 1934 and for England in 61 Test matches between 1908 and 1930. Having established himself as the best batsman in the world before the First World War, Hobbs resumed cricket in 1919 and was immediately successful in County Cricket. He successfully toured Australia with the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in 1920–21 but sustained an injury which affected his batting on that tour and in the subsequent English season. Also in that 1921 season, he fell seriously ill with appendicitis; the effects of the illness and subsequent operation affected his batting for several seasons and his stamina never fully recovered. When he returned from the illness, Hobbs was a far less attacking batsman than he had been in his earlier career, but was much more secure and assured. As a result, his performances were statistically better than before 1914 and his reputation among the public grew. Adulation for Hobbs reached its peak in 1925 when he broke W. G. Grace's record for most first-class centuries, and the following season he made a century in extremely difficult batting conditions which was instrumental in England winning the Ashes. At this time, he also established extremely effective opening partnerships—with Herbert Sutcliffe for England and Andy Sandham for Surrey.
Hobbs continued to play Test matches until 1930; another assured performance on a rain-affected pitch in 1928–29 was followed by his final Test century. However, the last years of his career were affected by injury, and he missed a lot of cricket. He announced his retirement from Tests in 1930 but continued for Surrey until 1934 and took his total of centuries to 199—although two of these were not recognised as first-class during his career.
Career after the war.
Resumption of County Cricket.
When first-class cricket resumed in 1919, county matches were reduced to two days in a short-lived experiment that many players, including Hobbs, disliked. Hobbs, awarded a five-year contract worth £400 per year, made runs in pre-season trial games and made a good start in first-class games. However, he initially tried to be too aggressive and, according to "Wisden", "he had a brief spell of comparative failure, due to a little overeagerness and overconfidence". After this, he batted consistently throughout the season, scoring a double century for Surrey against a touring Australian Imperial Forces cricket team, centuries in each of the three Gentlemen v Players matches—the only player ever to do so in one season—and 101 for the "Rest of England" against Yorkshire, the County Champions, at the end of the season. Hobbs' rescheduled benefit match, played against Kent, raised £1,670. The match ended when Hobbs and Jack Crawford scored the 95 runs required for victory in the final innings in 30 minutes; 45 minutes had been available and in most circumstances such a required rate of scoring made a draw almost inevitable. Hobbs scored 47 not out. All of the benefit money, supplemented by a £100 grant from Surrey, was given directly to Hobbs. Usually, the committee invested part of the sum on the player's behalf but they waived this practice for Hobbs. He used it to open a sports shop in London which he ran for the rest of his life. Also during the season, Hobbs first opened the batting with Andy Sandham, who succeeded to Hayward's position as Hobbs' partner. Sandham was initially unsuccessful, and Hobbs' partner later in the season was Donald Knight, but the pair later established an extremely effective opening partnership. In total that year, Hobbs scored 2,594 runs in first class matches, more than anyone else, at an average of 60.32.
After a winter working in his shop, Hobbs' good form continued into 1920, when county matches reverted to three days' duration. He scored a century in the opening game and 215 against Middlesex, the County Champions, at the end of the season. In June, he scored four centuries in consecutive innings, followed by 70 in the next. In total, he scored 2,827 runs at 58.89.Hobbs also took five wickets for 21 runs against Warwickshire, and his 17 wickets at an average of 11.82 meant that, according to his biographer John Arlott, "to his amusement ... he was top, not only of Surrey's, but also of the national, bowling averages". After some initial hesitation owing to his concerns for his business, Hobbs accepted an invitation to tour Australia with the MCC that winter.
Whitewash in Australia.
Australia dominated the five-Test series, beating England 5–0. The England players, led by Johnny Douglas, faced a strong bowling attack, featuring pace bowlers Jack Gregory and Ted McDonald, and the spinner Arthur Mailey. In addition, the bowlers proved ineffective on hard pitches and struggled to dismiss a strong Australian batting line-up. After defeat in the second Test, Frederick Toone the MCC manager, suggested Douglas should be replaced as captain by Percy Fender. Hobbs supported such a move, but other professionals in the team were less certain. Although Fender was included in the team for the remainder of the series, Douglas retained the captaincy.
Hobbs began with two centuries in the opening three first-class games, and in the first Test, had the highest score in both England innings with 49 and 59. But Australia established their dominance in this match, winning by 377 runs after totalling 581 in their second innings. In this game, Hobbs had opened with C. A. G. Russell in place of Rhodes, who was out of form. For the remainder of the series, Rhodes was restored to partner Hobbs, but they could not replicate their former successes. In the third Test, their partnership was ended by a run out for the only time in Tests, and they had only one stand worth more than 50. Nevertheless, in the second Test Hobbs scored 122 on a very difficult pitch which had been affected by rain. "Wisden" commented that this was "from the English point of view, the finest innings of the tour". Even so, England followed on in reply to Australia's total of 499 and lost by an innings. Hobbs also scored a century in defeat in the third Test, hitting 123 in the final innings as England failed to score 489 to win the game. Hobbs did not pass 50 again in the series; in the fourth Test, he scored 27 and 13. Then in a match against New South Wales before the final Test, he tore a muscle in his thigh. Persuaded by Douglas to play despite suffering from restricted mobility, Hobbs scored 40 and 34 in the final Test. But after one incident in the field when he struggled to chase the ball, Hobbs was jeered by the some of the crowd. Both Fender and another member of the team, Rockley Wilson, wrote scathingly about the incident in their dual role as journalists covering the Tests. Later in the match, the crowd, who gave Wilson a hostile reception following his writing, loudly cheered Hobbs; in Hobbs' view, this was to make amends for the earlier mockery of his hampered fielding. Hobbs scored a total of 924 first-class runs on the tour, at an average of 51.33; In Test matches, he scored 505 runs at 50.50. "Wisden" noted in its review of the tour that many English batsmen failed in the Test series, and that "our batting on the big occasions fell far short of what might reasonably have been expected. Hobbs and Douglas alone were up to their form at home."
Illness and recovery.
Hobbs played just five first-class matches in 1921. In his opening first-class game, Hobbs played for a team selected by businessman Lionel Robinson against the Australian touring team, which had travelled to England on the same boat as the returning MCC team. After scoring 85, he tore the same thigh muscle injured in Australia and missed the remainder of the match. The injury forced Hobbs to miss the opening two Tests against Australia, but once recovered, he immediately scored 172 against Yorkshire; with England already trailing 2–0 in the five-Test series, the selectors chose him for the third Test. In the days approaching the match, played in Leeds, Hobbs suffered from increasing stomach pain but reluctantly played. However, the pain forced him to leave the field on the first day and after a day of rest, it worsened. A prominent surgeon, Sir Berkley Moynihan, was based in Leeds and Hobbs consulted him over the pain. Moynihan diagnosed acute appendicitis and operated the same day; in the opinion of the surgeon, Hobbs would not have lived another five hours without surgery. Hobbs missed the rest of the season, and upon recovering from surgery took a family holiday.
Hobbs returned to cricket in 1922 and batted very effectively throughout the first months of the season and scored 10 first-class centuries in total. One of the centuries came in the Gentlemen v Players match at Lord's, in which Hobbs captained the Players team for the first time. But his innings of 140 was slow by his previous standards and he received some criticism in the press for his more laboured approach. Towards the end of the season, his form faded owing to the lingering effects of his illness and operation the previous year. "Wisden"observed that Hobbs frequently tired during longer innings in 1922 and that he often tried to get out soon after reaching three figures; this habit of giving up his innings continued throughout the remainder of his career. Hobbs himself believed that the operation reduced his stamina and that he was never as physically strong afterwards. The season also marked a turning point in his batting approach where he preferred to score more slowly and take fewer risks, in contrast to his adventurous pre-war tactics. Even so, Hobbs finished second in the national batting averages, and scored 2,552 runs at an average of 62.24, but declined an invitation to tour South Africa that winter with the MCC. Hobbs was less successful in 1923 during a wet season; he failed with the bat on many occasions and was unsuccessful in both Gentlemen v Players games. He was still struggling with the after-effects of his operation and "Wisden" noticed he once more tried to score too quickly early in an innings. However, against Somerset, Hobbs scored the 100th century of his first-class career, the third man to reach the landmark after Grace and Hayward. Overall, he scored 2,087 runs at 37.95.
Partnership with Sutcliffe.
Hobbs' form recovered in 1924 to the extent that Arlott described it as the beginning of "his quite phenomenal second lease of cricketing life". Batting conditions were good throughout the summer and Hobbs' opening partnership with Sandham for Surrey began to approach its peak of effectiveness. Having signed a new contract worth £440 per season, Hobbs began the season well and scored the seventh double-hundred of his career in a match against Nottinghamshire. More significantly for the future, Hobbs established an opening partnership with Herbert Sutcliffe. The pair had opened together in a festival match in 1922, in two Gentlemen v Players matches during 1923 and in a "Test trial match" played to assess potential members of the Test match team, also in 1923. The pair were chosen to open in another Test trial early in 1924, and the success of their partnership persuaded the selectors to include them in the team for the first Test against South Africa. When England batted first, Hobbs and Sutcliffe added 136 for the first wicket; Hobbs, playing a Test innings in England for the first time since 1912, scored 76. England won the match by a large margin. In the second Test, Hobbs and Sutcliffe opened with 268 runs for the first wicket. Hobbs scored quickly throughout, increasing until he was dismissed for 211, his highest Test score. At the time, the innings was the highest played at Lord's in a Test and equalled the highest in a Test match in England. England scored 531 for the loss of two wickets and won the match by an innings. Amid a growing reputation, Hobbs and Sutcliffe shared 70 in the next Test, and Hobbs then scored 118 for the Players against the Gentlemen, although he faced more criticism for slow scoring.
Hobbs was left out of the team for the fourth Test; he had declined an invitation to tour Australia with the MCC in the coming winter, and the selectors wished to try players who might tour. Hobbs' official reason for refusing a place was his uncertain health. Part of the reason, though, was the MCC's position that the wives of professionals could not accompany a touring team; when Hobbs later accepted a place on a privately organised tour of South Africa, on which his wife would accompany him, the MCC and its treasurer, Lord Harris, agreed to change their rules and approached Hobbs again to offer him and his wife a place. He agreed to tour, but only as an extra player so that no other professional was deprived of his place. With the matter concluded, Hobbs returned to the England team for the fifth Test and scored 30. In the series, he scored 355 runs at an average of 71.00, while in all first-class matches he totalled 2,094 runs at 58.16. He finished second in the national averages, and the cricket press noted that, although Hobbs scored more slowly and in less spectacular fashion than previously, he batted in a safer, more secure style which was more successful in terms of run-scoring. R. C. Robertson-Glasgow also noted that Hobbs had transformed his technique to suit the modern style of batting with the batsman's weight on the back foot.
Fourth tour of Australia.
The MCC team which toured Australia in 1924–25 was captained by Arthur Gilligan. Australia won the Test series 4–1, but critics thought the winning margin flattered the host country and the English team were very popular. Much of the prestige of the team came from the batting partnership of Hobbs and Sutcliffe. Between them in the Test matches, they scored seven centuries and shared four opening partnerships which passed 100 runs. Hobbs was boosted by the presence of his wife and felt more relaxed than usual; she was also instrumental in his decision not to drink alcohol any more, taken on the outward journey.
In the opening first-class match of the tour, Hobbs and Sutcliffe opened the innings with a partnership of 89 in difficult batting conditions; Hobbs scored 50, and scored consistently in the other warm-up games. Amid great public interest, the Test series began at Sydney; in reply to Australia's first innings of 450, Hobbs and Sutcliffe opened with 157 runs. Hobbs played the Australian bowling easily and he went on to his seventh century against Australia, beating the previous record in England-Australia Tests held by Victor Trumper. Hobbs subsequently lost concentration and looked uncomfortable until he was out for 115 and the remaining England batting failed. Australia eventually set England a target of 605 runs. Hobbs and Sutcliffe shared their second century opening partnership of the game, and Hobbs scored 57, but England lost by 193 runs. During the match, Hobbs became the leading run-scorer in Test cricket, passing the previous record of 3,412 runs set by Clem Hill in 1912. In the second Test, Australia scored 600 during the opening two days. In reply, Hobbs and Sutcliffe batted throughout the third day without being separated, scoring 283. They concentrated on defence and scoring quick singles, and both men reached centuries. The press praised their achievements, and there was speculation they might beat the opening partnership record set by Hobbs and Rhodes in 1912; meanwhile, the Australian team despaired of dismissing either man. In the event, Hobbs was dismissed by an accidental full toss from Arthur Mailey, having scored 154. Once more, the remaining batsmen failed and Australia won the game by 81 runs. In the aftermath of the defeat, Cecil Parkin, a former Test bowler and vocal critic of Gilligan's captaincy, wrote a newspaper article suggesting that Hobbs should assume the leadership of the side, albeit under the nominal captaincy of Percy Chapman. This suggestion provoked a reaction from Lord Hawke: "Pray God, no professional will ever captain England". This caused a press outcry, with some writers supporting the idea of Hobbs as captain; the professionals in the MCC team protested that Hawke had been "disparaging", a reaction the Australian press described as "moderate and dignified". In reality, Hobbs had no desire to captain England and did not like leading teams.
Australia once more batted first in the third Test, scoring 489; Hobbs bowled three overs owing to injuries to other bowlers. For tactical reasons, Hobbs did not open the batting and came in at number five. He shared a partnership of 90 with Sutcliffe, who batted at number six, and Hobbs went on to score 119 through cautious batting. Wet weather altered the course of the match and left England needing 375 to win. Hobbs and Sutcliffe, opening once more, began with 63 before Hobbs was dismissed for 27. The other batsmen played well but Australia won a narrow victory by 11 runs. The opening batsmen shared their fourth century partnership of the series in the fourth Test; Hobbs scored 66 out of a total of 548 and England won by an innings. But Australia won the final match to win the series 4–1 and in a heavy defeat, Hobbs failed in both innings. In the series, Hobbs scored 573 runs at an average of 63.66. Critics in Australia and England recognised him as the best batsman in the world.
Hobbs and Sutcliffe far outscored the remaining MCC batsmen and "Wisden" judged that with better support from other batsmen they may have won the series. The report in the almanack said: "Finer and more consistent batting than that of Hobbs and Sutcliffe in the first four Test matches could not well be conceived ... Figures do not necessarily mean a great deal, but those of Hobbs and Sutcliffe are so remarkable, especially in view of the circumstances in which they were compiled, that they demand special mention." Hobbs did not play in any other matches once the Test series began but still scored 865 first-class runs at 54.06.
Peak of popularity.
Record breaking season.
By the middle of the 1920s, cricket in England was extremely popular and the players famous. Hobbs was the biggest attraction and a combination of his cricket earnings (estimated to be around £780 each year), the income from his business, product endorsement and ghostwritten books and articles made him relatively wealthy. According to McKinstry, his annual earnings probably reached £1,500 a year by 1925, more than a family doctor at the time.
In contrast to previous seasons following an Australian tour, Hobbs was extremely successful in 1925. Early in the season, Hobbs scored three consecutive centuries at the Oval and the press began to speculate that he may soon pass the record of 126 first-class centuries held by Grace. He continued to score a string of hundreds in away matches and by mid-June had become the first man in the season to reach 1,000 first-class runs. Against Cambridge University, Hobbs hit centuries in both innings, and followed with centuries in his next two innings to give him four in succession. Hobbs played with great freedom during this spell, and after a brief lull in his run-scoring, hit 140 in the Gentlemen v Players match at Lord's, playing a range of shots. His 12th century of the season, against Kent on 20 July, took him to 125 first-class centuries and one short of Grace's record. By now, the press and public were eagerly following Hobbs' progress in the expectation he would break the record, and great publicity surrounded his every move. Amid the pressure, and as fatigue set in, Hobbs lost form. Although he continued to make substantial scores, he could not reach a century; after one innings of 54, a newspaper headline proclaimed that "Hobbs Fails Again".
Feeling considerable anxiety, Hobbs later wrote that he was tired of the publicity which surrounded the wait for him to score his 126th century. Finally, against Somerset on 15 August, Hobbs reached the landmark, scoring 101. Having made an unsteady start, he was 91 not out after the first day's play, and betrayed great nervousness in scoring the required nine runs the next day. The achievement was widely celebrated and Hobbs received many congratulatory telegrams. Then on the final day of the match, Hobbs scored another century to become the outright record holder. Over the following weeks, Hobbs was praised and feted throughout the country. He ended his season with 266 in a Gentlemen v Players match at the Scarborough Festival, his highest to date and the best score made in the Gentlemen v Players series, and 104 for the Rest of England against Yorkshire, the County Champions. In total, he scored 16 centuries and totalled 3,024 runs at an average of 70.32, placing him on top of the national averages for the first time in his career. "Wisden" commented that "Hobbs will go down to posterity as one of the greatest figures in cricket history". Following the season, Hobbs gave speeches at several formal occasions, an obligation which terrified him, and several presentations in his honour. He also rejected offers to appear on stage, in film and to stand as a Liberal MP.
Ashes regained in 1926.
Hobbs was given a third benefit by the Surrey committee in 1926, with unusually generous financial guarantees given which reflected the county authorities' high opinion of him. The benefit eventually raised £2,670. Further recognition came when he, along with Wilfred Rhodes, joined the England selection committee for the season; for professional cricketers to serve as England selectors was unprecedented. The Australians toured that year and Arthur Carr was chosen to captain the England team, although Hobbs had some reservations over his leadership. Hobbs began the season well, scoring a century and several fifties in the lead-up to the Test series, although he received press criticism for the slowness of his batting in a Test trial. The first Test was badly affected by rain and there was little play. Hobbs remained in form by scoring 261 against Oxford University, sharing an opening partnership of 428 with Sandham; this remains a Surrey first wicket record in 2012. Then in the second Test, Hobbs and Sutcliffe shared an opening stand of 182. Hobbs scored 119 but was criticised for batting more slowly as his innings progressed, and some commentators accused him of selfishness—showing more concern for reaching a century than batting for the benefit of England. Although the bowling was very accurate, most critics believed Hobbs was too slow, and some suggested his approach deprived England of the opportunity to win the match; Australia batted throughout the third and final day to draw the game. The third Test was also drawn but presented difficulties for Carr and England. The composition of the team was criticised and Carr was not entirely happy with the team chosen; Hobbs accepted some responsibility for the decisions taken. Australia posted a large total and England, despite an opening partnership of 59 by Hobbs and Sutcliffe, followed on. This time the pair began with 156, Hobbs personally scored 88 and the game was saved.
During the fourth Test, Hobbs assumed the captaincy when Carr withdrew from the match owing to illness after the first day. The selectors initially asked Herbert Strudwick to take over on the grounds of seniority but he declined so they turned to Hobbs. Although Hobbs expected Greville Stevens, the only amateur remaining in the team, to take over, he became the first professional to captain England at home. The selectors and players on both teams believed Hobbs performed well tactically as captain, although Carr did not approve. Hobbs scored 74 in England's innings, but heavy rain on the first day had ensured a fourth successive draw in the series.
As everything depended on the final game, the Imperial Cricket Conference agreed to a request that the match be played to a finish with time no object. The England selectors, conscious that the team had not beaten Australia in a series for 14 years, and had won just once in 19 Tests since 1920, made several changes. Carr was replaced as captain by Percy Chapman, a decision which proved enormously controversial in the press but of which Hobbs approved; Rhodes was also recalled to the team, aged 48. Amid huge public interest and excitement, the deciding match began; Hobbs and Sutcliffe shared an opening stand of 53 on the first day, but after both sides had batted once, the match was evenly balanced at the end of the second day. Overnight rain seriously damaged the pitch before the third morning; batting became extremely difficult, and few critics—including members of the England team—expected England to score many runs. Instead, Hobbs and Sutcliffe, who had scored 49 on the second evening, began to bat confidently before the effects of a hot sun drying a damp pitch made batting even more hazardous. Concentrating on careful defence, but scoring where possible, the pair added 172 in total. Arthur Richardson, a spin bowler, was expected to be the main threat, but while it often looked like Hobbs would be dismissed, he faced most of Richardson's bowling and survived. Some critics believed that, through his batting, Hobbs had deliberately exaggerated the difficulties of facing Richardson to prevent the Australian captain putting on a more difficult bowler. Commentators praised the skilful defence of both batsmen, Hobbs in particular. Immediately after reaching 100, Hobbs was out and received a prolonged ovation from the crowd. Many critics believed that, given the conditions, match situation and pressure, this was the greatest innings of Hobbs' career. England continued batting to build up a large lead and bowled Australia out to win the Ashes.
Late in the season, Hobbs made the highest score of his career, 316 not out for Surrey against Middlesex at Lord's, establishing a record individual innings for Lord's which survived until 1990. In total, Hobbs scored 2,949 runs at 77.60, including 12 centuries. This placed him at the head of the national batting averages.
Continued dominance.
Hobbs missed a large part of the 1927 season; after beginning in good form, he missed five weeks of cricket with a skin infection. When he returned, he was left out of the Gentlemen v Players game, to his irritation as he believed he had been dropped owing to his age. He responded with a series of large scores, in which he played very aggressively, but then tore a thigh muscle. He resumed cricket at the end of the season and scored his sixth and seventh centuries of the year. He scored 1,641 runs at 52.93, but his absences led to speculation that age was catching up with Hobbs. Hobbs began the 1928 season with four centuries in the first month, but another leg injury kept him out of cricket for six weeks. When he recovered, he played in the last two of three Tests played against West Indies, playing in their first Test series. In his first game, he and Sutcliffe shared another century partnership before Hobbs was out, playing casually, for 53. In the third Test, Hobbs scored 159, having opened with a 155-run partnership with Sutcliffe. England won both matches in which Hobbs played, and won the series 3–0; Learie Constantine, the West Indian bowler, was very impressed with Hobbs' batting, but Hobbs did not consider West Indies up to international standard and did not take the series very seriously. Hobbs maintained his batting form until the end of the season. Even though many batsmen were successful that year, given very favourable batting pitches throughout the season, Hobbs finished second in the batting averages,scoring 2,542 runs at an average of 82.00 and hitting 12 centuries. Critics believed that he remained the best batsman in England.
Final tour to Australia.
Hobbs was eager to tour Australia in 1928–29; his wife again accompanied him and he wished to renew acquaintance with the many good friends he had previously made there. In addition, improvements in the design of ocean liners reduced his sea-sickness. Hobbs was part of the selection committee for the tour and critics recognised the MCC team as a strong one, particularly in batting. He began the tour with some substantial scores, although some critics noted that he did not bat well, but did not make a major contribution to England's large victory in the first Test. In the second Test, Hobbs scored 40 runs and was given a presentation to mark his 46th birthday which fell during the game. He was involved in controversy over the dismissal of Australian batsman Alan Kippax; the batsman had been initially given not out, but Hobbs let a prolonged appeal to the umpire and accused Kippax of cheating. Kippax was then ruled to be out, but there was some ill-feeling between the teams for a time, particularly towards Hobbs, who later apologised to Kippax for his language.
England won the match, but some critics noticed a decline in Hobbs' batting, a judgement reinforced when he was out to a poorly-chosen shot in the first innings of the third Test for 20. Australia were able to build up a substantial lead, and overnight rain before the sixth day of the match made them likely winners according to most commentators. England were left needing 332 to win, but local observers believed that, on a pitch that was growing more and more difficult to bat on, a team would be unlikely to reach a total of 100. The ball bounced at varying heights and many of the England team regarded it as the most difficult pitch they had seen. Hobbs offered a catch when he had scored 3, but the ball was dropped. However, Hobbs and Sutcliffe survived to add 105 for the first wicket. Observers praised their technique against the turning ball; they exclusively batted using back-foot shots and only tried to score through the pull shot as other strokes presented too much risk. Even so, the Australian bowlers were criticised for their tactics. Hobbs was out for 49, an innings which Sutcliffe rated better than many centuries, and which Mason described as "altogether disproportionate in importance to its unambitious dimensions". At Hobbs' suggestion, Douglas Jardine came in to bat next, and England reached the end of the day having lost just one wicket for a score of 199. Next day, the team won the game to ensure they retained the Ashes, having a 3–0 lead in the series with two to play. Around this time, Hobbs began to openly talk about his retirement from Test matches, but after a century in a tour match, he scored 74 and shared a partnership of 143 with Sutcliffe as England won the fourth Test by 12 runs. In the final game, Hobbs, opening with Jardine as Sutcliffe was injured, scored 142 on the first day, his 12th and final Test century against Australia. Australia won the game, but lost the series 4–1. Hobbs and the press expected this to be his final Test match. In first-class games on the tour, he scored 962 runs at 56.58. and 451 runs at 50.11 in the Tests.
End of Test career.
Hobbs suffered a succession of injuries and illnesses in 1929; over the previous few seasons, he missed more than a third of Surrey's matches. When he did play, he scored heavily and in total scored 2,263 runs at an average of 66.55 to lead the first-class averages. He was unfit for the first two Tests against South Africa then chose to miss the next two, leading to speculation he had retired from Test cricket. However, he felt fit enough to play in the fifth and final Test, scoring 10 and 52. Critics observed a general slowing in Hobbs' scoring throughout the season, and he scored more often in singles than in his earlier years, when he tried to hit the ball further.
Prior to the 1930 season, Hobbs made himself available for the forthcoming Ashes series. He began in good form, scoring centuries in each innings of his first game, and maintained his run-scoring in the weeks leading up to the first Test. Before the series began, Hobbs and Rhodes were added to the selection panel again. In the first Test, Hobbs scored 78 in the first innings, one of the few English successes. After England established a lead on first innings, he scored a rapid 74; he top-scored in both innings and was praised by the press for his continued success. England won the match and Hobbs seemed to have established his ascendancy over the Australian bowling attack, which critics regarded as weak. He failed in the next Test and suggested to the selectors that he should be omitted from the team. But he played in the third Test and was controversially dismissed for 29; his sportsmanship was called into question when he refused to accept the word of the fielder who held the catch. He lingered on the pitch and only left once the umpire ruled him out; he made his displeasure clear and the crowd became unsettled. When England followed on, in reply to an Australian total of 566, Hobbs appealed against the light and was jeered by the crowd. He was later run out for 13. Feeling tired, possibly feeling under pressure by his role as a selector and concerned by his form, he once more offered to stand down but the other selectors retained him in the team. When he batted in the fourth Test, he scored slowly, determined not to be dismissed, and shared an opening partnership of 108 with Sutcliffe, their 11th century stand against Australia. After two hours batting, he was out for 31. With the series level at 1–1, the final match was to be played until there was a result, but before it began, Hobbs announced that it would be his last Test match. Shortly after making the decision, he returned to form, scoring a century and passing, in his next game, W. G. Grace's record aggregate of runs in a first-class career.
Before the deciding game, the selectors sacked Percy Chapman as captain. There was some press speculation that Hobbs would replace him, but Bob Wyatt was chosen. Hobbs supported the removal of Chapman, and there is a possibility that he was offered the captaincy at the meeting of selectors, but turned it down. In the match, Hobbs scored 47 in the first innings. When he came out to bat in the second, in the face of a large Australian first-innings lead, Hobbs was given an ovation by the crowd and the Australian fielders gave him three cheers. Hobbs was moved by his reception but scored only nine runs before he was dismissed. In 61 Tests, he scored 5,410 runs at an average of 56.94. He retired as the leading run-scorer in Test matches, a record he held until passed by Wally Hammond in 1937. In his final series, he scored 301 runs at 33.44. Hobbs maintained his form in other cricket until the end of the season, when he had scored 2,103 runs at 51.29, and "Wisden" noted that it was an achievement to score so well given his age. In September, he took a team of famous cricketers to Cambridge to play a charity match which included the official opening on Parker's Piece of the Jack Hobbs pavilion. However, an attempt by the "Daily Herald" to open a testimonial fund to mark his international retirement met with very little public interest, and the end of his Test career passed with little press comment.
End of career.
During the winter of 1930–31, Hobbs was invited to join a private team run by the Maharajkumar of Vizianagram which toured India and Ceylon. Sutcliffe joined him, and he was accompanied by his wife. Both Hobbs and Sutcliffe were extremely popular. In games which were not particularly competitive, he scored 593 runs, but these runs, and in particular the two centuries he scored were later to prove controversial. Hobbs never believed that the matches were, or should have been, first-class but statisticians later decided to recognise them as first-class. "Wisden" never recognised the centuries and so record his total of centuries as 197. Other authorities give 199 centuries.
Hobbs scored heavily in the 1931 season, although his batting technique had become more limited in scope and variety. He played several representative matches and took part in the 150th century opening partnership of his carer. He was the first batsman in the season to reach 1,000 runs and such was his success that the press speculated he would return to the Test team. In festival matches at the end of the season, Hobbs and Sutcliffe shared two double-century opening partnerships. In total, Hobbs scored 2,418 first-class runs at 56.23. He continued to score well in 1932, although he missed several matches owing to injuries and fatigue. In total, he scored 1,764 runs at 56.90, including centuries in each innings against Essex. According to Mason, his performance against Essex caused Douglas Jardine to give him the nickname "The Master". Hobbs scored 161 not out for the Players against the Gentlemen. This was his 16th century in the fixture and beat the record number of centuries by Grace.
Hobbs was partially involved in the Bodyline controversy in Australia in 1932–33. Late in the 1932 season, Bill Bowes bowled consistently short against Hobbs in a match between Surrey and Yorkshire. Bowes was criticised in the press and particularly by Pelham Warner who was to manage the MCC team in Australia. Hobbs accompanied the team to Australia as a journalist, writing for the "News Chronicle" and the "Star", accompanied by his ghost writer Jack Ingham. During the tour, Hobbs neither condemned Bodyline nor fully described the English tactics. Other journalists admired Hobbs but dismissed his writing as "bland". Hobbs would not criticise Jardine, at the time his county captain and felt hampered by his lack of journalistic experience. However, his criticism of Sutcliffe's slow scoring in one innings provoked a reaction from Lord Hawke back in England, who attacked Hobbs in a public speech. Late in the tour, Hobbs played in one match for the touring team, scoring 44 in a minor matches when several players were rested or injured. When he returned to England, Hobbs openly criticised Bodyline bowling, in newspaper columns and in a book.
In 1933, Hobbs scored 1,105 runs at 61.38, aged 50. After missing the first games with illness, he scored 221 against the touring West Indian team, which earned many tributes in the press. He did not play every game, and the Surrey committee allowed him to choose which matches to play, and more centuries later in the season led to press anticipation of his 200th century—although the matches for Vizianagram's team were not counted as first-class at the time. By the end of the season, he had scored 196 first-class centuries. That winter he accompanied the MCC team in India as a journalist, and before the next season, Surrey had constructed a new entrance to the Oval which was named after Hobbs. After a solid start to the 1934 season, Hobbs scored his final first-class century against Lancashire. Afterwards, his form collapsed. Playing irregularly, his batting began to appear uncomfortable. His remaining innings were a struggle and both Hobbs and his team-mates realised that his career was over. In February 1935, he announced his retirement. In his final season, he scored 624 runs at 36.70. There were many tributes and a public dinner was held in his honour in 1935 which was attended by many leading figures in cricket. In all first-class cricket, Hobbs scored 61,760 runs at an average of 50.70 according to ESPNCricinfo.

</doc>
<doc id="36855763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855763" title="Teatro Record">
Teatro Record

Teatro Record is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855772" title="Jub Sorkh-e Olya">
Jub Sorkh-e Olya

Jub Sorkh-e Olya (, also Romanized as Jūb Sorkh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tū Sorkh-e Bālā) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 338, in 73 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855773" title="Teatro Ruth Escobar">
Teatro Ruth Escobar

Teatro Ruth Escobar is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855781" title="Espaço dos Satyros">
Espaço dos Satyros

Espaço dos Satyros is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855786" title="Teatro Sérgio Cardoso">
Teatro Sérgio Cardoso

Teatro Sérgio Cardoso is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil. It was inaugurated in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36855788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855788" title="Halehsam">
Halehsam

Halehsam (, also Romanized as Haleh Sam and Halesam) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 663, in 137 families. The village was chosen to be the new capital city of Shabab Rural District after the village of Shabab, The previouse capital was upgraded to a village and was chosen to become the capital city of Shabab District, established on June 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36855789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855789" title="Georgios Petrakis">
Georgios Petrakis

Georgios Petrakis (; 1890 – 1972), better known as Petrakogiorgis (also spelled as Petrakoyiorgis/Petrakoyeorgis, ), was a Greek businessman, partisan, and politician. He was a leading figure in the Cretan resistance of the years 1941 – 1944 against the Axis occupation forces, well-respected for his patriotism, couriage, honesty, perspicacity and selflessness.
Before World War II.
Petrakogiorgis was born in the village of Magarikari, Mesara Plain, Crete. His parents were Emmanuel Petrakis and Antiope Papastefanaki. Petrakogiorgis fought as an officer in the Asia Minor Campaign, after the end of which he worked as a merchant of agricultural products and owned an olive oil mill and a soap factory.
Resistance service.
Aged around 50 when the war broke out, Petrakogiorgis was too old to be called up. Nevertheless, he was one of the regional chieftains conducted by John Pendlebury in his effort to organize a system of defense before the German invasion of Crete. Shortly after Crete fell to the Germans in late May 1941, many resistance organisations were formed across the island. Petrakogiorgis, who had already fought in the Battle of Crete and lost his eldest son Manolis during its course, swore his first men in June 1941, near Kamares. Having evacuated the rest of his family to the safety of Middle East, he devoted himself whole-heartedly to the fight for liberation. Being pro-British, Petrakogiorgis had close ties with EOK and SOE. He had the code-name Selfridge because, in Beevor's words, ""his olive mill was Crete's closest approximation to big business"". His group, named ""Psiloritis"", was active in the regions of Mt. Ida, Mesara Plain, Mt. Kedros and Amari, and was often engaged in close combat with the occupation forces. He and his men fought in fierce battles in the region, such that at Papa to Perama (Παπά το Πέραμα), Kouroupitos (Κουρουπητός), Koutsounares (Κουτσουνάρες), Poros Stavrou (Πόρος Σταυρού), Trahili (Τραχήλι) and Madari (Μαδαρή). Petrakogiorgis' group also conducted several sabotages, smuggled men and equipment, and participated in the abduction of General Heinrich Kreipe. These activities allowed Petrakogiorgis to demonstrate his leadership and military skills, earning himself the nickname ""the eagle of Psiloritis"". Yet, they also provoked German reprisals which involved the execution of civilians, the confiscation of Petrakogiorgis' personal property and the destruction of villages (Magarikari, Kamares, Lochria), with the worse being that of Voriza (el) which was flattened after heavy aerial bombardment by Stuka dive bombers.
Postwar life.
On 11 October 1944, the day Heraklion was liberated, Petrakogiorgis entered the city triumphantly. He was appointed commander of its garrison and held that post till the beginning of 1945. He later entered politics and was elected member of Parliament with the Liberal Party led by Sofoklis Venizelos. Petrakogiorgis was decorated several times by the Allies and represented Greece in several resistance fighter assemblies.
In 1950, Petrakogiorgis' third daughter Tassoula was eloped by Kostas Kefalogiannis. Kefalogiannis had also taken part in the Resistance whereas his brother Manolis was a member of Parliament with Petrakogiorgis' rival conservative People's Party. Petrakogiorgis felt insulted by this act and, as a result, the population of Crete was divided into two camps. Fear of an imminent armed clash led to the suspension of a number of sections of the Greek constitution, the declaration of the Psiloritis mountains as a forbidden zone and the deployment of more than 2,000 troops and gendarmerie to ensure order. The incident involved the top-level military, political and religious leadership of Greece and attracted strong international press attention.
Petrakogiorgis died in Heraklion on 14 September 1972. In 2009, a bronze statue was erected near Magarikari in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="36855794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855794" title="Teatro Maria Della Costa">
Teatro Maria Della Costa

Teatro Maria Della Costa is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36855800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855800" title="Khor-e Shir Ali">
Khor-e Shir Ali

Khor-e Shir Ali (, also Romanized as Khor-e Shīr ‘Alī; also known as Jūb-e Shīr ‘Alī) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855809" title="Teatro Popular do SESI">
Teatro Popular do SESI

Teatro Popular do SESI is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil. "Almost Nothing" premiered here in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36855815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855815" title="Deinodryinus? aptianus">
Deinodryinus? aptianus

Deinodryinus? aptianus is an extinct species of "Deinodryinus" in the wasp family Dryinidae. The species is solely known from a Cretaceous fossil found in Mongolia.
History and classification.
"Deinodryinus? aptianus" is known only from a single fossil, the holotype, specimen number PIN No. 3559/4586, which is housed in the A.A. Borissiak Palaeontological Institute, Russian Academy of Sciences in Russia. The specimen is composed of a partially complete adult female wasp. The specimen is preserved as a compression fossil in marl. The fossil was recovered from outcrops of possibly Aptian age rocks found in bed 8 of Outcrop 87 of the Khurilt rock unit near Bon Tsagan Nuur Lake in Central Mongolia. "Deinodryinus? aptianus" was first studied by the paleoentomologists Adalgisa Guglielmino and Massimo Olmi both of the University of Tuscia in collaboration with Alexandr Rasnitsyn of the Paleontological Institute, Russian Academy of Sciences. Their 2010 type description of the new genus and species was published in the online journal "Zootaxa". "Deinodryinus? aptianus" is one of three "Deinodryinus" species to be described from the fossil record and the only one to be described from a compression fossil. Both "Deinodryinus areolatus" and "Deinodryinus velteni" are known from fossils preserved in Baltic amber. Due to the incomplete nature of the fossil and Ventral positioning of the specimen in the marl, placement into the genus "Deinodryinus" is considered tentative until more specimens are found.
Description.
The holotype specimen is an adult female preserved with the ventral side visible and portions of the legs missing. Overall the female is in length, with long antennae and macropterous hyaline wings. The antennae are composed of ten segments and distinctly filliform in structure, a feature seen in females of only two other "Deinodryinus" species, "Deinodryinus benoiti" of Madagascar and "Deinodryinus colombianus" of South America. The forewings have three cells at the base that are formed by pigmented veins. The forewings have a very long and narrow pterostigma and a stigmal vein that is regularly curved. While the stigmal vein and pterostigma are both typical for members of "Deinodryinus", the filliform antennae are unusual and raise doubts about the placement.

</doc>
<doc id="36855821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855821" title="Latab">
Latab

Latab (, also Romanized as Latāb; also known as Latāb-e Soflá) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 386, in 85 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855822" title="Teatro São Pedro (São Paulo)">
Teatro São Pedro (São Paulo)

Teatro São Pedro is a theatre in São Paulo, Brazil. The building dates to 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="36855836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855836" title="Variation diminishing property">
Variation diminishing property

In mathematics, the variation diminishing property of certain mathematical objects involves diminishing the number of changes in sign (positive to negative or vice-versa).
Variation Diminishing Property for Bézier curves.
The variation diminishing property of Bézier curves is that they are smoother than the polygon formed by their control points. If a line is drawn through the curve, the number of intersections with the curve will be less than or equal to the number of intersections with the control polygon. In other words, for a Bézier curve "B" defined by the control polygon P, the curve will have no more intersection with any plane as that plane has with P. This may be generalised into higher dimensions.
This property was first studied by Isaac Jacob Schoenberg in his 1930 paper, "Über variationsvermindernde lineare Transformationen". He went on to derive it by a transformation of Descartes' rule of signs.
Proof.
The proof uses the process of repeated degree elevation of Bézier curve. The process of degree elevation for Bézier curves can be considered an instance of piecewise linear interpolation. Piecewise linear interpolation can be shown to be variation diminishing. 
Thus, if R1,R2,R3 and so on denote the set of polygons obtained by the degree elevation of the initial control polygon R, then it can be shown that
Using the above points, we say that since the Bézier curve "B" is the limit of these polygons as "r" goes to \infty, it will have fewer intersections with a given plane than Ri for all "i", and in particular fewer intersections that the original control polygon R. This is the statement of the variation diminishing property.
Totally positive matrices.
The variation diminishing property of totally positive matrices is a consequence of their decomposition into products of Jacobi matrices.
The existence of the decomposition follows from the Gauss–Jordan triangulation algorithm. It follows that we need only prove the VD property for a Jacobi matrix.
The blocks of Dirichlet-to-Neumann maps of planar graphs have the variation diminishing property.

</doc>
<doc id="36855838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855838" title="Mushkan, Ilam">
Mushkan, Ilam

Mushkan (, also Romanized as Mūshkān) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 45 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855848" title="Mushkan">
Mushkan

Mushkan or Mooshkan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855854" title="Qarib">
Qarib

Qarib (, also Romanized as Qarīb; also known as Gharībī) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 171, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855861" title="List of Country Music Association Awards ceremonies">
List of Country Music Association Awards ceremonies

This is a list of Country Music Association Awards ceremonies and the winners in each ceremony.
Ceremonies.
Below is a list of ceremonies, the years the ceremonies were held, their hosts, the television networks that aired them, and their locations.
Categorical winners.
Below is a list of winners in the major categories by year.
2010s.
2013
2012
2011
2010
2000s.
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005 
2004 
2003 
2002 
2001 
2000 
1990s.
1999 
1998 
1997 
1996 
1995 
1994 
1993 
1992 
1991 
1990 
1980s.
1989 
1988 
1987 
1986 
1985 
1984 
1983
1982 
1981 
1980
1970s.
1979 
1978 
1977 
1976 
1975 
1974 
1973 
1972 
1971 
1970 
1960s.
1969 
1968 
1967 

</doc>
<doc id="36855868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855868" title="Gharibi">
Gharibi

Gharibi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855873" title="Tylodiscoceras">
Tylodiscoceras

Tylodicoceras is a member of the Koninckioceratidae (Cephalopoda, Nautiloidea) from the Devonian thru Mississippian of North America with a large, slightly involute, discoidal shell that is rounded laterally and concave ventrally. Their sides bear a single row with large rounded nodes.

</doc>
<doc id="36855878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855878" title="Sang-e Sefid, Ilam">
Sang-e Sefid, Ilam

Sang-e Sefid (, also Romanized as Sang-e Sefīd and Sang Sefīd) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 442, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855882" title="Phan Thanh Hưng">
Phan Thanh Hưng

Phan Thanh Hưng (born 14 January 1987) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Central Midfielder for V-League (Vietnam) club SHB Đà Nẵng F.C. and the Vietnam national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36855883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855883" title="Sorkh-e Kan, Ilam">
Sorkh-e Kan, Ilam

Sorkh-e Kan (, also Romanized as Sorkh-e Kān; also known as Sorkheh Khānī) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 377, in 85 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855890" title="Sorkheh Khani">
Sorkheh Khani

Sorkheh Khani (, also Romanized as Sorkheh Khānī) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855898" title="Sorkh-e Kan">
Sorkh-e Kan

Sorkh-e Kan or Sorkh Kan or Sorkhkan or Sorkhekan or Sorkhakan (), also rendered as Sorkhegan or Sorkhagan, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855900" title="Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale">
Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale

The Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) is a psychological questionnaire used by clinicians to rate the severity of a patient's anxiety. Anxiety can refer to things such as “a mental state…a drive…a response to a particular situation…a personality trait…and a psychiatric disorder.” Though it was one of the first anxiety rating scales to be published, the HAM-A remains widely used by clinicians. It was originally published by Max Hamilton in 1959. For clinical purposes, and the purpose of this scale, only severe or improper anxiety is attended to. This scale is considered a “clinical rating” of the extensiveness of anxiety, and is intended for individuals that are “already diagnosed with anxiety neurosis.” The scale consists of 14 items designed to assess the severity of a patient’s anxiety. Each of the 14 items contains a number of symptoms, and each group of symptoms is rated on a scale of zero to four, with four being the most severe. All of these scores are used to compute an overarching score that indicates a person’s anxiety severity. The Hamilton Anxiety Rating scale has been considered a valuable scale for many years, but the ever-changing definition of anxiety, new technology, and new research has had an effect on the scale’s perceived usefulness. As a result, there have been changes, and challenges, to the original version of the scale over time. 
History.
In 1959, Max Hamilton developed the first version of the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale. He included a distinction “between anxiety as a normal reaction to danger, anxiety as a pathological condition not related to stress, and anxiety as a state or broad syndrome that he termed “anxiety neurosis.’” Hamilton developed the scale to be used with patients already known to suffer from anxiety neurosis, not to be used as a means of diagnosing anxiety in patients with other disorders. Although Hamilton developed the scale as a rating of severity, he used his scale to differentiate “anxiety as a pathological mood” from a “state (or neurosis).” He used common methods for designing the rating scale. A variety of relevant symptoms were collected and divided into groups. The scale started with twelve groups of symptoms, which came to form thirteen scale variables. All of the thirteen variables were described by succinct statements and included on a sheet that was used by an interviewer for assessing a patient. The original version used a “five-point scale” for rating the groups of symptoms. The first version of the scale was only a start, and as Hamilton stated, “Some of the variables are obviously a rag-bag of oddments and need further investigation.” He conducted tests on the original scale that initiated improvement and, over time, evolved the structure and scoring of the scale to its present state. 
Structure.
The Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale is a clinician-rated evaluation whose purpose is to analyze the severity of anxiety. The scale is intended for adults, adolescents, and children and should take approximately ten to fifteen minutes to administer. The scale is a public document. Since it is in the public domain, it is widely available for administration.
The Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale is composed of fourteen items. On the scale, each item is presented in a specific format. Following the item number, the item itself is listed along with a brief description of the criterion. This description is in the form of a short phrase that elaborates on the item and provides specificity to the clinician regarding the appropriate evaluation. Adjacent to each item is a five-point scale, displaying the numerals 0 to 4 outlined by a square. To learn more about the specific scoring regarding the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, please proceed to the Scoring section. Each criterion on the scale is an independent feeling that is related to anxiety. The collaboration of each of these independently-rated criteria are meant to evaluate a patient's anxiety severity. Below are the verbatim criteria and their brief definitions (as described above) as presented in the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale.
1. Anxious mood: Worries, anticipation of the worst, fearful anticipation, irritability.
2. Tension: Feelings of tension, fatigability, startle response, moved to tears easily, trembling, feelings of restlessness, inability to relax.
3. Fears: Of dark, of strangers, of being left alone, of animals, of traffic, of crowds.
4. Insomnia: Difficulty in falling asleep, broken sleep, unsatisfying sleep and fatigue on waking, dreams, nightmares, night terrors.
5. Intellectual: Difficulty in concentration, poor memory.
6. Depressed mood: Loss of interest, lack of pleasure in hobbies, depression, early waking, diurnal swing.
7. Somatic (muscular): Pains and aches, twitching, stiffness, myoclonic jerks, grinding of teeth, unsteady voice, increased muscular tone.
8. Somatic (sensory): Tinnitus, blurring of vision, hot and cold flushes, feelings of weakness, pricking sensation.
9. Cardiovascular symptoms: Tachycardia, palpitations, pain in chest, throbbing of vessels, fainting feelings, missing beat.
10. Respiratory symptoms: Pressure or constriction in chest, choking feelings, sighing, dyspnea.
11. Gastrointestinal symptoms: Difficulty in swallowing, wind abdominal pain, burning sensations, abdominal fullness, nausea, vomiting, borborygmi, looseness of bowels, loss of weight, constipation.
12. Genitourinary symptoms: Frequency of micturition, urgency of micturition, amenorrhea, menorrhagia, development of frigidity, premature ejaculation, loss of libido, impotence.
13. Autonomic symptoms: Dry mouth, flushing, pallor, tendency to sweat, giddiness, tension headache, raising of hair.
14. Behavior at interview: Fidgeting, restlessness or pacing, tremor of hands, furrowed brow, strained face, sighing or rapid respiration, facial pallor, swallowing, etc."
Scoring.
The Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale is clinician-rated scale that is intended to provide an analysis of the severity of anxiety in adults, adolescents, and children. It is scored based upon the composite rating of fourteen individually evaluated criteria. Please refer to the Structure section for a complete list and description of the items and the procedure.
The evaluator is instructed to assess the extent to which the patient displays the given criterion. Each item is scored independently based on a five-point, ratio scale. A rating of 0 indicates that the feeling is not present in the patient. A rating of 1 indicates mild prevalence of the feeling in the patient. A rating of 2 indicates moderate prevalence of the feeling in the patient. A rating of 3 indicates severe prevalence of the feeling in the patient. A rating of 4 indicates a very severe prevalence of the feeling in the patient. To implement the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, the acting clinician proceeds through the fourteen items, evaluating each criterion independently in form of the five-point scale described above.
Upon the completion of the evaluation, the clinician compiles a total, composite score based upon the summation of each of the 14 individually rated items. This calculation will yield a comprehensive score in the range of 0 to 56. It has been predetermined that the results of the evaluation can be interpreted as follows. A score of 17 or less indicates mild anxiety severity. A score from 18 to 24 indicates mild to moderate anxiety severity. Lastly, a score of 25 to 30 indicates a moderate to severe anxiety severity.
Criticisms.
Issues that arise when using Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) have to do with how the clinician interprets the results, changes in the classification of anxiety disorder, symptoms being assessed, and newer measurements that may be more suitable for the particular subject.
Clinician's administer HARS and may influence the subject by how they explain the question. Interpretation of the subjects response may also be hindered by the clinician even when methods are present to prevent interviewer biases.
HAM-A was created before the DSM-III which changed generalized anxiety disorder into a disorder of worry (which is not covered by HAM-A). DSM-VI defined generalized anxiety disorder as excessive and uncontrollable worry in which HAM-A doesn't accurately cover the main symptom (worry). Symptoms that HAM-A addresses are respiratory, cardiovascular, and gastrointestinal which are not included in the DSM-IV associated symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder. The current HAM-A scale is poor at showing a difference between generalized anxiety disorder and depression due to changes in the DSM, newer measurements, and possible clinician error.
Computer administered Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale has shown to be almost as effective as the clinician-administered version. There was a mean score difference between the two forms that would be considered statistically significant but not clinically. This statistical significance was not found in the mean score difference in subjects with anxiety disorders. Another area that showed a significant difference was in variance scores (this was found in both forms). Other disadvantages of using a computer for the HAM-A include, "difficulty in evaluating nonverbal symptomatology, and patient's reactions to being interviewed by a computer. Although reactions to being interviewed by the computer were generally positive, most subjects preferred being interviewed by the clinician." One of the biggest drawbacks of taking the HAM-A on a computer is the loss of nonverbal body language in which the clinician would normally be able to take into account when looking at the scores. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855904" title="Tang-e Qir">
Tang-e Qir

Tang-e Qir (, also Romanized as Tang-e Qīr) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855911" title="Zanjireh-ye Olya">
Zanjireh-ye Olya

Zanjireh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Zanjīreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Zanjīreh) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,519, in 532 families. It is the capital villgae of the Rural district which was established on June 30, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855913" title="Zanjireh-ye Sofla">
Zanjireh-ye Sofla

Zanjireh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Zanjīreh-ye Soflá; also known as Zanjīreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 446, in 98 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36855916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855916" title="Chaytor's Force">
Chaytor's Force

Chaytor's Force (13 August – 31 October 1918) named after its commander, Major General Edward Chaytor, was a composite division-sized force which served in the British Egyptian Expeditionary Force during the First World War. The force of 11,000 men, consisted of a division headquarters, three mounted and one infantry brigades, four independent infantry battalions and four artillery batteries and was detached from the Desert Mounted Corps for deception operations.
Chaytor's Force was formed to deceive the Ottoman high command into thinking the whole Desert Mounted Corps was positioned on the British right flank. They created dummy camps, guns positions and horses. Mules were used to drag branches along tracks, making dust, imitating the movement of mounted troops. Each day infantry marched into the Jordan Valley, and driven out by trucks by night, to suggest a buildup of infantry. Later it was primary responsible for the defence of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force right flank from the northern end of the Dead Sea to a point north west of Jericho where the force touched the XX Corps. Chaytor's Force faced the Fourth Army and until that army was forced to retreat as a consequence of the successes of the Battles of Sharon and Nablus.
Attack.
Chaytor's orders from the GOC Edmund Allenby were to "be vigilant, and ready at any moment to take the offensive. By demonstration and pressure he was to “ prevent the enemy withdrawing troops to reinforce other parts of the line or concentrate against the XX Corps ”: to use every endeavour to
protect the right flank of the XX Corps when it advanced; and, if the Turks reduced their strength in the Jordan valley, he was to advance to the bridge at Jisr ed Damieh, and be ready to move east across the Jordan on Es Salt and Amman, where he was to co-operate with the Arabs"
Between 19 and 20 September while the main Battle of Sharon and attack by XX Corps developed, Chaytor's Force held their right and the Jordan Valley against the Fourth Army, while carrying out active demonstrations. The 2nd Battalion British West Indies Regiment's advances towards Bakr Ridge were consolidated and continued at dawn on 20 September while the 2nd Light Horse Brigade and Patiala Infantry advanced eastwards across the Jordan Valley towards Shunet Nimrin.
On 21 September when the retreat of the Fourth Army had begun, the main line of retreat for the Eighth and Seventh Armies in the Judean Hills east to the Jordan Valley was cut at Kh Fasail by the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment. They were joined by the remainder of the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade for the attack on Jisr ed Damieh, the main bridge over the Jordan River being used by the retreating Ottoman columns.
On 22 September the headquarters of the Ottoman 53rd Division were captured at El Makhruk and the line of retreat along the Nablus road was cut. With the threat of being overwhelmed by large Ottoman forces withdrawing towards Jisr ed Damieh bridge, the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and a company of 1st Battalion British West Indies Regiment attacked the bridge with a squadron of Auckland mounted Rifles Regiment charging across the bridge to pursue and capture many prisoners.
The fords crossing the River Jordan at Umm esh Shert and Mafid Jozele were also captured on 22 September by the 2nd Battalion British West Indies Regiment with the 3rd Light Horse Regiment after the 38th Royal Fusiliers captured the Mellaha position in the Jordan Valley.
Chaytor's Force crossed the Jordan River on their advance to Es Salt on 23 September which was captured in the evening after capturing rearguards. Chaytor's Force advanced towards Amman which was attacked and captured on 25 September. At Ziza on 28 September Chaytor's Force captured the Fourth Army's Southern Force.
The first units from Chaytor's Force had crossed the Jordan River on 22 September and by 2 October had captured Amman, taken 10,332 prisoners of war, fifty-seven artillery guns, 147 machine guns, eleven railway engines, 106 railway carriages or trucks, and 142 vehicles.
Formation.
From Allenby's order of battle provided in despatches.
The following units were also attached to Chaytor's Force, but are not included in Allenby's order of battle::
Also included was a transport echelon of 300 donkeys, seventeen tractors, thirty-four trucks, five ammunition lorries and fourteen supply lorries. The Desert Mounted Corps and the infantry XX and XXI Corps, by comparison had thirty and 120 ammunition and supply lorries for the mounted corps to sixty and 180 ammunition and supply lorries for the infantry corps.

</doc>
<doc id="36855919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855919" title="Zanjireh">
Zanjireh

Zanjireh or Zanjirah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36855922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855922" title="Missy Robbins">
Missy Robbins

Missy Robbins (born 1971) is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at each of her two restaurants, and for being a contestant in series four of "Top Chef Masters".
Biography.
Robbins graduated Georgetown University in 1993, majoring in art history with a minor in psychology. Whilst in her final semester at University she got a job at restaurant 1789 after being inspired by a friend who got a job at another restaurant. After initially working Friday and Saturday nights whilst at University, she went on to work there for a year before moving to New York to attend culinary school at Peter Kump’s New York School of Cooking.
After she left culinary school, Robbins began to work at the Arcadia restaurant before joining Wayne Nish at his restaurant March. She moved to The Lobster Club before travelling in Northern Italy which became an influence on her cooking style. She returned to the United States to work at the Soho Grand Hotel, and moved to Chicago to work with Tony Mantuano as executive chef at Spiaggia. Whilst there, the restaurant was nominated twice for a James Beard Foundation Award and she frequently cooked for Barack and Michelle Obama.
She became executive chef at A Voce, changing the menu completely with the exception of two dishes, and would oversee the opening of a second location. The original location won a Michelin star in 2009, while the second location won a star in 2010. Both restaurants retain those awards through to the 2012 Michelin Guide. As of this edition of the Michelin Guide, she is one of only ten female chefs in the United States to hold a Michelin star.
In 2010, she was named Best New Chef by "Food & Wine" magazine. She was a contestant in series four of "Top Chef Masters". She withdrew from the competition during the first episode, having cut her finger so badly that she required a skin graft on it.

</doc>
<doc id="36855925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855925" title="Plantronics Gamecom">
Plantronics Gamecom

GameCom is the gaming sub-brand of Plantronics, offially trademarked as Plantronics GameCom. Though Plantronics produced gaming headsets as far back as 1999, in 2004 the GameCom brand was created to encompass their gaming headset family. Since then, GameCom has released headsets compatible with both console and PC gaming platforms, hosted gaming tournaments, and sponsored professional gaming teams.
History.
1999-2003.
In 1999 Plantronics entered the PC gaming headset market first releasing headsets in the .Audio line, such as the .Audio 90 analog headset, followed by a line of USB PC headsets, most notably the DSP-500.
In 2002, Plantronics started on the path to GameCom by partnering with Microsoft to create the first headset to be released in conjunction with Xbox Communicator to enable voice communication with Xbox Live. online gaming service. In June 2003 Plantronics and Valve Corporation released a Counter-Strike branded headset based on the DSP-500.
2004.
After successful sales for the DSP-500 and the Xbox Communicator headsets, 
In 2004, Plantronics announced the GameCom brand with four new headsets for Xbox Live and Online PC gamers: GameCom X10 and X20 for Xbox Communicator, and GameCom 1 (analog) and GameCom Pro 1 with digital signal processing built-in sound card and connected to a PC via USB port.
In October 2004, Plantronics released the GameCom Halo 2 Edition—a custom wired monaural headset built specifically for playing Halo 2 online with Xbox Live.
2005-2009.
GameCom was selected as the official licensee of the Xbox Communicator and headset bundle, specifically the GameCom X10C headset, to be released for the Xbox 360 console.
In 2006, Plantronics GameCom released three new Xbox headsets: GameCom X10, GameCom X20, and GameCom X30 for use with the Xbox 360. The GameCom X30 received the CES 2007 Best of Innovations Electronic Gaming Category.
Plantronics continued to expand in the PC gaming headset market with the release of the GameCom 777 in 2008, a PC headset that featured virtual 5.1 Dolby Surround sound. Two other PC headsets, the GameCom 367 and GameCom 377 were released concurrently with the 777.
2010-2011.
In 2010, Plantronics GameCom released the GameCom X95 headset that featured wireless stereo audio and communication for the Xbox 360 as well as a wired Xbox headset, the GameCom X40. Additionally, GameCom entered the PlayStation 3 wireless headset market with the release of the GameCom P90 which also featured the ability to connect to mobile phones.
2012.
The Plantronics GameCom 777 headset was honored with a CES Innovations Design and Engineering award in the headphones category for 2011.
In January 2012 Plantronics GameCom released the GameCom 380 (analog) and the GameCom 780 (digital). The 780 features optional Dolby 7.1 virtual surround sound.
Sponsorship.
GameCom sponsored professional gaming teams and clans. In 2008 GameCom sponsored PMS Clan at ESWC 2008 in Paris as well as Frag Dolls at PAX 2008. Currently Plantronics GameCom sponsors Team Dynamic for various games including and League of Legends.
ESWC 2012.
Plantronics GameCom hosted the North America Qualifier rounds for the 2012 Electronic Sports World Cup tournament in Paris, France for League of Legends, Dota 2, and . This means all competitors and teams must compete in the online tournaments through GameCom in order to go to PAX Prime 2012, and the winners of which went to ESWC 2012 in November.

</doc>
<doc id="36855929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855929" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit (B&amp;VI 1–3)">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit (B&amp;VI 1–3)

The Women's individual pursuit (B&VI 1–3) event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 9 at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Preliminaries.
Q = Qualifier
WR = World Record

</doc>
<doc id="36855938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855938" title="Diving at the 1974 Asian Games">
Diving at the 1974 Asian Games

Diving was contested at the 1974 Asian Games in Aryamehr Swimming Pool, Tehran, Iran from September 2 to September 7, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="36855941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855941" title="Chase Coleman">
Chase Coleman

Chase Coleman (born March 20, 1985) is an American actor, director and musician. Coleman is best known for portraying the character Billy Winslow in the HBO TV series "Boardwalk Empire".
Life and work.
Early life.
Chase Coleman was born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and raised in Monroe, Louisiana. He first attended Grace Episcopal School for elementary and Junior High education and graduated to Saint Frederick High School. While in his 2nd year of high school he began singing and playing music in his first rock band. Throughout high school he played in the local Monroe, Louisiana rock band Crawl Space until graduation. He attended the University of Louisiana at Monroe majoring in Business Marketing. Throughout college he played in the local band Fallstaff. In his second year in college he began to gain interest in acting. He performed with the Straus Community Theatre and the Theatre of the University of Louisiana at Monroe and during his junior year of college he signed with the Baton Rouge agency, Stage 2000 recruited by Ron Randell.
Career.
Coleman was invited to Dallas to compete at the Mike Beaty Model and Talent Expo. It was there that Chase won several awards including best monologue and overall fitness model. He was discovered by talent manager Suzanne Schachter and invited to go to New York to test the market for the summer. He was offered the role of Garrett on "One Life to Live". He received many offers of professional acting work and he stayed in New York City, shifting to online courses in order to finish his Business Marketing degree. In 2006, he signed with the company Suzelle Eenterprises and Abrams Artists Agency through Paul Reisman. During his time in New York, he studied at the HB Studio with Lorraine Serabien, with Susan Batson at Black Nexxus, and with Jennifer Gelfer at the Haymarket Annex Master Class.
Coleman is most recognized for his role as Billy Winslow in Season One of "Boardwalk Empire", as well as guest starring on "The Good Wife", "Gossip Girl", "", and "Kings". He has had many starring and supporting roles in independent films such as "New York City Serenade", "Catahoula", and "God Don’t Make the Laws". He also played the lead of Andrew in the off-Broadway play "My Big Gay Italian Wedding".
He founded the production company Bloodstone Productions and created the short film "Into the Rose Garden" that he wrote, directed, and starred in. Coleman guest starred as Robert in the pilot of the TV series "The Americans" in the summer of 2012, as well as filming Season two of "In Between Men" in autumn 2012.
He is currently working on the hit TV show The Originals as the werewolf character Oliver.

</doc>
<doc id="36855948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855948" title="Gruta de Lourdes metro station">
Gruta de Lourdes metro station

Gruta de Lourdes is an underground metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It is located close to the western branch of the Autopista Central and the Basilica of Lourdes. East of the station, Line 5 runs beneath Quinta Normal Park.
The station features a mined train hall and transept. Both tunnels, which have an oval cross section, were excavated from a deep open pit. A street-level pavilion with glazed walls contains the fare control.
At the platform level, the walls are paneled with rectangular tiles in blue tones, which are made of pre-painted perforated aluminum. The tracks lie below street level.

</doc>
<doc id="36855955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855955" title="Rohan Ince">
Rohan Ince

Rohan Greg Ince (born 8 November 1992) is a professional footballer who plays for Football League Championship club Brighton & Hove Albion as a holding midfielder. Ince can also play as a central defender.
Career.
Ince joined Chelsea's academy at the age of seven, and signed his first professional contract with Chelsea in July 2010.
In July 2012, Ince joined League One side Yeovil Town on a six-month loan deal. Ince's Football League debut was delayed due to an injury picked up in pre-season but eventually, on 28 August 2012, Ince made his Yeovil debut as a substitute in the 4–2 League Cup defeat against West Bromwich Albion. On 26 September 2012, Ince was recalled by Chelsea due to a recurrence of ankle and shin injuries.
On 5 February 2013, following a successful trial period with Brighton & Hove Albion, Ince signed an 18-month contract with the development squad. He made his full league debut for Brighton on 10 August 2013 against Derby County in a 2–1 defeat. Four days earlier, on 6 August 2013 he started his first competitive game for Brighton in a 3–1 after extra time defeat to Newport County in the Football League Cup. He played as a defensive midfielder in both of these games.
Personal life.
Rohan Ince is the second cousin of Tom Ince and therefore related to Paul Ince, he is also the nephew of Eric Young.

</doc>
<doc id="36855957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855957" title="California Historical Landmarks in Yolo County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Yolo County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Yolo County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36855962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855962" title="Trachynautilus">
Trachynautilus

Trachynautilus is a member of the Tainoceratidae, named by Mojsisovics in 1902, with longitudial ridges on the flanks of its high-arched involute shell. "Phloiocedas" from the Upper Triassic of North America is similar except that its venter also has longitudinal ridges. "Trachynautilus" from the middle and Upper Triassic of Europe has a smooth venter.

</doc>
<doc id="36855971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855971" title="Labajin Bridge">
Labajin Bridge

Labajin Bridge is a 229 metre high concrete beam bridge near Yingjing in Sichuan, China. , it is among the thirty highest bridges in the world. The bridge is located on G5 Beijing–Kunming Expressway.

</doc>
<doc id="36855977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855977" title="Hans Hansen Lilienskiold">
Hans Hansen Lilienskiold

Hans Hansen Lilienskiold (c.1650 – 1703) was a Norwegian civil servant and non-fiction writer. He was born in Bergen. He served as County governor of Finnmark from 1684. He is particularly remembered for his works on the geography and culture of Finnmark, on the history of Italy, and for his travel journals.

</doc>
<doc id="36855999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36855999" title="Jo-Ann Zazelenchuk">
Jo-Ann Zazelenchuk

Jo-Ann Zazelenchuk (born October 15, 1958) is a former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. She represented Saskatoon Riversdale from 1982 to 1986 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative. At 23, she was the youngest member elected to the Saskatchewan assembly.
She was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, the daughter of Leayor Zazelenchuk, and was educated at the University of Saskatchewan and the University of Calgary. Before entering politics, she worked as a real estate agent and gas station attendant. Zazelenchuk defeated Roy Romanow by a small margin to win a provincial seat in 1982; she was defeated by Romanow when she ran for reelection in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36856011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856011" title="Kasaba police station">
Kasaba police station

Kasaba or kasba stations are police stations in India for towns that are yet not big enough to have a commissionerate or else for portions (congested or old town areas) of larger cities that have particular policing needs due to higher density of population than the rest of the city.
Kasaba police stations in Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="36856032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856032" title="Legacy of Benjamin Banneker">
Legacy of Benjamin Banneker

A substantial mythology exaggerating Benjamin Banneker's accomplishments has developed during the two centuries that have elapsed since he lived. Several such urban legends describe Banneker's alleged activities in the Washington, D.C. area around the time that he assisted Andrew Ellicott in the federal district boundary survey. Others involve his clock, his almanacs and his journals. All lack support by historical evidence. Some are contradicted by such evidence.
A United States postage stamp and the names of a number of recreational and cultural facilities, educational institutions, streets and other facilities and institutions throughout the United States have commemorated Banneker's documented and mythical accomplishments throughout the years since he lived.
Mythology of Benjamin Banneker.
Plan of the City of Washington.
While Andrew Ellicott and his team were conducting the federal district boundary survey (see Boundary Markers of the Original District of Columbia), Pierre (Peter) Charles L'Enfant was preparing a plan for the federal capital city (the City of Washington), which would be located in a relatively small area bounded by the Potomac River, the Anacostia River (known at the time as the "Eastern Branch"), the base of the escarpment of the Atlantic Seaboard Fall Line, and Rock Creek at the center of the much larger federal district (see: L'Enfant Plan). In late February 1792, President George Washington dismissed L'Enfant, who had failed to have his plan published and who was experiencing frequent conflicts with the three Commissioners that Washington had appointed to supervise the planning and survey of the federal district and city.
A number of undocumented stories connecting Banneker and L'Enfant's plan for the federal capital city have appeared over the years. In 1929, when describing the ceremonial presentation to Howard University in Washington, D.C., of a sundial memorializing Banneker, the "Chicago Defender" newspaper reported that a speaker had stated that:
... he (Banneker) was appointed by President George Washington to aid Major L'Enfant, famed French architect, to plan the layout of the District of Columbia. L'Enfant died before the work was completed, which required Banneker to carry on in his stead.
However, as a book that won the 1917 Pulitzer Prize for History had earlier reported, L'Enfant lived long after he developed his plan for the federal capital city. He died near the City of Washington in 1825.
According to a similar Banneker legend, L'Enfant took his plans with him after his dismissal, leaving no copies behind. As the story is told, Banneker spent two days reconstructing the bulk of the city's plan from his presumably photographic memory. In this story, the plans that Banneker purportedly drew from memory provided the basis for the later construction of the federal capital city. Titles of works relating this fable have touted Banneker as "The Man Who Designed Washington", "The Man Who Saved Washington", "An Early American Hero", "Benjamin Banneker, Genius", and as one of "100 Greatest African Americans".
Citing a 1963 article in the "Washington Star" newspaper, a 1990 documentation form related the following version of the story when supporting a listing in the National Register of Historic Places for twelve historic marker stones from the federal district boundary survey: ... Fearing profiteering land speculators, L'Enfant would not allow anyone to see the plan. Ordered by the commissioners to reveal the plan, he instead left the United States, taking all copies of his plan for the District of Columbia with him. Banneker reproduced it from memory in minute detail, thereby allowing the work to continue.
In another version of the tale, Banneker and Andrew Ellicott both surveyed the area of, and configured the final layout for, the placement of major governmental buildings, boulevards and avenues while reconstructing L'Enfant's plan or on another occasion. According to this version, Banneker either "made astronomical calculations and implementations" that established points of significance in the capital city, including those of the "16th Street Meridian" (see White House meridian), the White House, the Capitol and the Treasury Building, or "helped in selecting the sites" of those features.
In 1976, an Afro-American Bicentennial Corporation historian told the following story within a National Register of Historic Places nomination form for the "":
... Major L'Enfant resigned his position before the planned design was completed. It was only through the efforts of Major Andrew Ellicott and Benjamin Banneker that the Federal City was completed.
However, historical research has shown that none of these legends can be correct. Ellicott's 1791 assignment was to produce a survey of a square, the length of whose sides would each be (a "ten mile square"). L'Enfant was to design and lay out the national capital within this square. Ellicott and L'Enfant each worked independently under the supervision of the three Commissioners that President Washington had earlier appointed. Ellicott employed Banneker directly. A researcher could find no evidence that Banneker ever worked with or for L'Enfant.
Banneker left the federal capital area and returned to his home at Ellicott's Mills in April 1791. At that time, L'Enfant was still developing his plan for the federal city and had not yet been dismissed from his job. L'Enfant presented his plans to President Washington in June and August 1791, two and four months after Banneker had left.
Further, there never was any need to reconstruct L'Enfant's plan. After completing the initial phases of the district boundary survey, Andrew Ellicott began to survey the federal city to help L'Enfant develop the city's plan. During a contentious period in February 1792, Ellicott informed the Commissioners that L'Enfant had refused to give him an original plan that L'Enfant possessed at the time. However, L' Enfant had earlier given to Washington at least two versions of his plan. Andrew Ellicott, with the aid of his brother, Benjamin Ellicott, then revised L'Enfant's plan, despite L'Enfant's protests. Shortly thereafter, Washington dismissed L'Enfant. After L'Enfant departed, the Commissioners assigned Ellicott the dual responsibility for continuing L'Enfant's work on the design of the city, and layout of public buildings, streets and property lots, in addition to completing the boundary survey. Andrew Ellicott therefore continued the city survey in accordance with the revised plan that he and his brother had prepared.
There is no historical evidence that shows that Banneker was involved in any of this. As a researcher has reported, the letter that Andrew Ellicott addressed to the Commissioners in February 1792 describing his revision of L'Enfant's plan did not mention Banneker's name. Thomas Jefferson did not describe any connection between Banneker and the plan for the federal city when relating his knowledge of Banneker's works in a letter that he sent to Joel Barlow in 1809, three years after Banneker's death.
L'Enfant did not leave the United States after ending his work on the federal capital city's plan. Soon afterwards, he began to plan the city of Paterson, New Jersey. The United States Congress acknowledged the work that he had performed when preparing his plan for the city of Washington by voting to pay him for his efforts.
A 1914 book describing the history of the City of Washington reported that L'Enfant's plan contained a title legend that identified L'Enfant as the plan's author. A 1902 report of a committee of the United States Senate (the McMillan Plan), an inlay of the plan in a Washington, D.C., plaza constructed in 1980 (Freedom Plaza), and at least one book relating the history of the District of Columbia contain copies of the portion of the plan that identifies "Peter Charles L'Enfant" (L'Enfant's adopted name) as the document's author. The U.S. Library of Congress owns a copy of a plan for the federal city whose title legend identifies "Peter Charles L'Enfant" as its author. The U.S. National Archives holds a copy of "Ellicott's engraved Plan superimposed on the Plan of L'Enfant showing the changes made in the engraved Plan under the direction of President Washington". As an original version of L'Enfant's plan still exists, President Washington and Ellicott clearly had at least one such version available for their use when L'Enfant departed.
In November 1971, the National Park Service held a public ceremony to dedicate and name Benjamin Banneker Park on L'Enfant Promenade in Washington, D.C. The U.S. Department of Interior authorized the naming as an official commemorative designation celebrating Banneker's role in the survey and design of the nation’s capital. Speakers at the event hailed Banneker for his contributions to the plan of the capital city after L'Enfant's dismissal, claiming that Banneker had saved the plan by reconstructing it from memory. A researcher later pointed out that these statements were erroneous.
In May 2000, Austin H. Kiplinger and Walter E. Washington, the co-chairmen of the Leadership Committee for the planned City Museum of Washington, D.C., wrote in "The Washington Post" that the museum would remind visitors that Banneker had helped complete L'Enfant's project to map the city. A letter to the editor of the Post entitled "District History Lesson" then responded to this statement by noting that Andrew Ellicott was the person who revised L'Enfant's plan and who completed the capital city's mapping, and that Banneker had played no part in this.
Appointment to planning commission for Washington, D.C..
In 1918, Henry E. Baker, an assistant examiner in the United States Patent Office, wrote of Banneker in "The Journal of Negro History" (now titled "The Journal of African American History"): "It is on record that it was on the suggestion of his friend, Major Andrew Ellicott, ..., that Thomas Jefferson nominated Banneker and Washington appointed him a member of the commission..." whose duties were to "define the boundary line and lay out the streets of the Federal Territory, later called the District of Columbia". However, Baker did not identify the record on which he based this statement. Baker additionally stated that Andrew Ellicott and L'Enfant were also members of this commission.
Historical evidence contradicts Baker's statements. In 1791, President Washington appointed Thomas Johnson, Daniel Carroll and David Stuart to be the three commissioners who, in accordance with the authority that the federal Residence Act of 1790 had granted to the President, would oversee the survey of the federal district, and "according to such Plans, as the President shall approve", provide public buildings to accommodate the federal government in 1800. The Residence Act did not authorize the President to appoint any more than three commissioners that could serve at the same time. As Banneker, Andrew Ellicott, and L'Enfant performed their tasks during the time that Johnson, Carroll and Stuart were serving as commissioners, President Washington could not have legally appointed either Banneker, Ellicott or L'Enfant to serve as members of the "commission" that Baker described.
In 1999, a researcher reported that an exhaustive survey of U.S. government repositories, including the Public Buildings and Grounds files in the National Archives and collections in the Library of Congress, had failed to identify Banneker's name on any contemporary documents or records relating to the selection, planning and survey of the City of Washington. The researcher also noted that none of L'Enfant's survey papers that the researcher had found had contained Banneker's name.
Seventeen-year cicada.
In 2004, during a year in which Brood X of the seventeen-year periodical cicada ("Magicicada septendecim") emerged from the ground in large numbers, columnist Courtland Milloy wrote in "The Washington Post" an article entitled "Time to Create Some Buzz for Banneker". Milloy claimed that Banneker "is believed to have been the first person to document this noisy recurrence" of the insect. Milloy noted that Banneker had recorded in a journal published around 1800 that the "locusts" had appeared in 1749, 1766 and 1783. Milloy further noted that Banneker had predicted that the insects would return in 1800.
However, published accounts of the periodical cicada's life cycle describe the history of cicada sightings differently. These accounts cite descriptions of fifteen- to seventeen-year recurrences of enormous numbers of noisy emergent cicadas that people had written as early as 1737, when Banneker was six years old.
Pehr Kalm, a Swedish naturalist visiting Pennsylvania and New Jersey in 1749 on behalf of his nation's government, observed in late May the first of the three Brood X emergences that Banneker documented. When reporting the event in a paper that a Swedish academic journal published in 1756, Kalm wrote: The general opinion is that these insects appear in these fantastic numbers in every seventeenth year. Meanwhile, except for an occasional one which may appear in the summer, they remain underground. 
Kalm then described documents (including one that he had obtained from Benjamin Franklin) that had recorded in Pennsylvania the emergence from the ground of large numbers of cicadas during May 1715 and May 1732. He noted that the people who had prepared these documents had made no such reports in other years. Kalm further noted that others had informed him that they had seen cicadas only occasionally before the insects appeared in large swarms during 1749. He additionally stated that he had not heard any cicadas in Pennsylvania and New Jersey in 1750 in the same months and areas in which he had heard many in 1749. The 1715 and 1732 reports, when coupled with his own 1749 and 1750 observations, supported the previous "general opinion" that he had cited.
In 1758, Carl Linnaeus gave to the insect that Kalm had described the Latin name of "Cicada septendecim" (seventeen-year cicada) in the tenth edition of his "Systema Naturae". Banneker's second observation of Brood X occurred eight years later.
Other legends and embellishments.
In 1930, writer Lloyd Morris claimed in an academic journal article entitled "The Negro 'Renaissance that "Benjamin Banneker attracted the attention of a President... President Thomas Jefferson sent a copy of one of Banneker's almanacs to his friend, the French philosopher Condorcet..." However, Thomas Jefferson sent Banneker's almanac to the Marquis de Condorcet in 1791, a decade before he became President in 1801.
In 1943, an African American artist, Charles Alston, who was at the time an employee of the United States Office of War Information, designed a cartoon that embellished the statements that Henry E. Baker had made in 1918. Like Baker, Alston incorrectly claimed that Banneker "was placed on the commission which surveyed and laid out the city of Washington, D.C." Alston extended this claim by also stating that Banneker had been a "city planner". His cartoon further stated that Banneker had "constructed the first clock made in America".
In 1976, the singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder celebrated Banneker's mythical feats in his song "Black Man", from the album "Songs in the Key of Life". The lyrics of the song state:
Who was the man who helped design the nation's capitol, Made the first clock to give time in America and wrote the first almanac? Benjamin Banneker, a black man
The question's answer is incorrect. Banneker did not help design either the U.S. Capitol or the nation's capital city. The first known clockmaker of record in America was Thomas Nash, an early settler of New Haven in 1638. A known American clock was made in 1680. A researcher has noted that at least four clockmakers were working in Annapolis, Maryland, before 1753, when Banneker completed his own clock. William Pierce's "An Almanac Calculated for New England", printed in 1639 by Stephen Day in Cambridge, Massachusetts, preceded Banneker's birth by nearly a century.
In 1999, the National Capital Memorial Commission concluded that the relationship between Banneker and L’Enfant was such that L’Enfant Promenade was the most logical place in Washington, DC on which to construct a proposed memorial to Banneker. However, a researcher has been unable find any historical evidence that shows that Banneker had any relationship at all to L'Enfant or to L'Enfant's plan for the city.
In 2000, historians John Hope Franklin and Alfred A. Moss, Jr., wrote in the eighth edition of the book, "From Slavery to Freedom: A History of African Americans", whose first edition had been published in 1947, that the "most distinguished honor that Banneker received was his appointment to serve with the commission to define the boundary lines and lay out the streets of the District of Columbia." The writers, who referenced Baker's 1918 article, also stated that Banneker's friend, George Ellicott, was a member of the commission and that Thomas Jefferson had submitted Banneker's name to President Washington.
However, neither Banneker nor George Ellicott received appointments to serve on any such commission. Further, although Andrew Ellicott led the survey that defined the District's boundary lines and, with L'Enfant, laid out the capital city's streets, George Ellicott did not participate in either of these activities. Additionally, there is no historical evidence that shows that President Washington participated in the process that resulted in Banneker's appointment as an assistant to Andrew Ellicott on the District boundary survey team. A researcher has been unable to find any documentation that shows that Washington and Banneker ever met each other.
In 2005, actor James Avery narrated a DVD entitled "A History of Black Achievement in America". A quiz based on a section of the DVD entitled "Emergence of the Black Hero" asked:
Benjamin Banneker was a member of the planning commission for ____________ . a. New York City b. Philadelphia c. Washington, D.C. d. Atlanta
Commemorative U.S. quarter dollar coin nomination.
In 2008, the District of Columbia government considered selecting an image of Banneker for the reverse side of the District of Columbia quarter in the 2009 District of Columbia and United States Territories Quarter Program. The narrative supporting this selection alleged that Banneker helped design the new capital city, was "among the first ever African-American presidential appointees" and was "a founder of Washington, D.C." After the District chose to commemorate another person on the coin, the District's mayor, Adrian M. Fenty, sent a letter to the Director of the United States Mint, Edmund C. Moy, that claimed that Banneker "played an integral role in the physical design of the nation's capital." However, no president ever appointed Banneker to any position. Further, Banneker played no role at all in the design, development or founding of the nation's capital beyond his three-month participation in the two-year survey of the federal district's boundaries.
Historical markers.
Several historical markers in Maryland and Washington, D.C., contain information relating to Benjamin Banneker that is unsupported by historical evidence or is contradicted by such evidence:
Historical marker in Benjamin Banneker Historical Park, Baltimore County, Maryland.
A commemorative historical marker that the Maryland Historical Society erected on the present grounds of Benjamin Banneker Historical Park in Baltimore County, Maryland, states that Banneker "published the first Maryland almanac" in 1792. A researcher has reported that this statement is incorrect. The researcher stated that Banneker modeled the format of his almanac after a series of almanacs ("The United States Almanack") that Andrew Ellicott had authored from 1781 to 1785. Ellicott had lived in Maryland during some of those years. Ellicott's almanacs were published in Baltimore, Maryland.
Further, Banneker did not "publish" his 1792 almanac. Although he authored this work, others printed, distributed and sold it.
Historical marker in Benjamin Banneker Park, Washington, DC.
A historical marker that the National Park Service erected in Benjamin Banneker Park in Washington, D.C., states in an unreferenced paragraph:
However, Banneker completed his clock at the age of 22, when he was still a young man. No historical evidence shows that he constructed the clock from memory.
Further, it is open to question as to whether the clock was actually "remarkable". There is some evidence that wooden clocks were being made as early as 1715 near New Haven, Connecticut. By 1745 Benjamin Cheney of East Hartford, Connecticut, was producing wooden clocks, eight years before Banneker completed his own clock in 1753.
A photograph on the historical marker illustrates a wooden striking clock that Benjamin Cheney constructed around 1760. The marker does not indicate that the clock is not Banneker's.
Historical marker in Newseum, Washington, DC.
In 2008, when the Newseum opened to the public on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington, D.C., visitors looking over the Avenue could read a historical marker that stated:
Benjamin Banneker assisted Chief Surveyor Andrew Ellicott in laying out the Avenue based on Pierre L’Enfant’s Plan. President George Washington appointed Ellicott and Banneker to survey the boundaries of the new city.
Little or none of this appears to be correct. Banneker had no involvement with the laying out of Pennsylvania Avenue or with L’Enfant’s Plan. Andrew Ellicott surveyed the boundaries of the federal district (not the “boundaries of the new city”) at the suggestion of Thomas Jefferson. Ellicott (not Washington) appointed Banneker to assist in the boundary survey.
Commemorations of Benjamin Banneker.
A United States postage stamp and the names of a number of recreational and cultural facilities, educational institutions, streets and other facilities and institutions throughout the United States have commemorated Banneker's documented and mythical accomplishments throughout the years since he lived.
Benjamin Banneker postage stamp.
On February 15, 1980, during Black History Month, the United States Postal Service issued in Annapolis, Maryland, a 15 cent stamp that illustrated a portrait of Banneker. An image of Banneker standing behind a short telescope mounted on a tripod is superimposed upon the portrait. The device shown in the stamp resembles Andrew Ellicott's transit and equal altitude instrument (see Theodolite), which is presently in the collection of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History in Washington, D.C. The stamp is part of the Postal Service's Black Heritage stamp series.
Recreational and cultural facilities.
The names of a number of recreational and cultural facilities commemorate Banneker. These facilities include parks, playgrounds, community centers, museums and a planetarium.
Parks.
Benjamin Banneker Historical Park and Museum, Baltimore County, Maryland.
A park commemorating Benjamin Banneker is located in a stream valley woodland at the former site of Banneker's farm and residence in Oella, Maryland, between Ellicott City and the City of Baltimore. The Baltimore County Department of Recreation and Parks manages the park, which was dedicated on June 9, 1998. The park, which encompasses and contains archaeological sites and extensive nature trails, is the largest original African American historical site in the United States. The primary focus of the park is a museum highlighting Banneker's contributions. The museum contains a visitors center that features a collection of Banneker's works and artifacts, a community gallery, a gift shop and a patio garden.
On November 12, 2009, officials opened a replica of Banneker's log cabin on the park grounds, reportedly two days before the 278th anniversary of Banneker's birth. Baltimore County's delegation to the Maryland General Assembly secured a $400,000 state bond for the design and construction of the cabin. The original estimated cost to construct the cabin in accordance with its drawings and specifications was $240,700.
A historical marker that the Maryland Historical Society erected to commemorate Banneker stands on the grounds of the park. The marker replaced the last of three earlier markers that vandals had previously destroyed.
Benjamin Banneker Park and Memorial, Washington, D.C..
A small urban park memorializing Benjamin Banneker is located inside a traffic circle, named Benjamin Banneker Circle, at a prominent overlook at the south end of L'Enfant Promenade in southwest Washington, D.C., a half mile (800 m) south of the Smithsonian Institution's "Castle" on the National Mall. The National Park Service owns the park and has erected a historical marker there. The park, which was constructed in 1970, dedicated in 1971, and rededicated in 1997, is now stop number 8 on Washington's Southwest Heritage Trail.
The elliptical wide overlook provides elevated views of the nearby Potomac River. The centerpiece of the modernist plaza is a large conical fountain which projects water more than 30 feet in the air and catches it in a circular basin made from honed green granite. The rings of fountain and basin in the center of the site are reiterated in the benches, double rows of London Plane trees, and low concrete walls that establish the plaza’s edge. The ground plane is paved with granite squares, a continuation of L'Enfant Promenade's materials. The ground plane is concave, and with the trees and fountain helps define the spatial volume of the plaza.
In 1998, the 105th United States Congress enacted legislation that authorized the Washington Interdependence Council of the District of Columbia to establish at the Council's expense a memorial on federal land in the District that would commemorate Banneker's accomplishments. The Council plans to erect this memorial in or near the park. In 2006, the Council held a charrette to select the artist that would design the memorial.
Construction of the memorial was expected to begin after the United States Commission of Fine Arts and the National Capital Planning Commission approved the memorial's design and location in accordance with the legislation that authorized the establishment of the memorial and with the United States Code (40 U.S.C. § 8905). However, the legislative authority relative to locating the Memorial on federal land in the District lapsed on November 6, 2005. This did not preclude the location of the memorial on lands such as the road right-of-way in L'Enfant Promenade that are under the jurisdiction of the District of Columbia.
During the 2000s, various organizations proposed to develop at the site of Benjamin Banneker Park a number of large facilities including a baseball stadium (later constructed elsewhere in D.C. as Nationals Park), the National Museum of African American History and Culture, a National Children's Museum and a National Museum of the American Latino. In 2004, the D.C. Preservation League listed the Park as one of the most endangered places in the District because of such proposals to redevelop the park's area. The League stated that the park, "Designed by renowned landscape architect Daniel Urban Kiley ... is culturally significant as the first public space in Washington named for an African American and is usually included in Black History tours".
In 2006, the District government and the Federal Highway Administration issued an environmental assessment for "improvements" to the promenade and park that described a number of projects that could redevelop the area containing the park. In 2011, a proposal surfaced that would erect a structure housing a "National Museum of the American People" at or near the site of the park.
Benjamin Banneker Park, Arlington County, Virginia.
An park in Arlington County, Virginia, memorializes Banneker and the survey of the boundaries of the District of Columbia, in which he participated. The park contains picnic tables, charcoal barbecue grills, a playground, a playing field, a dog park and a paved trail. The Benjamin Banneker: SW-9 Intermediate Boundary Stone, one of the forty boundary markers of the original District of Columbia, is within the park.
Playground.
Banneker Playground, Brooklyn, New York.
The Banneker Playground in Brooklyn, New York, was originally built by the federal Works Progress Administration in 1937. In 1985, the New York City parks department renamed the playground to commemorate Benjamin Banneker. The playground contains handball and basketball courts, trees and a sculpture of a sitting camel. The Benjamin Banneker Elementary School (P.S. 256), built in 1956, is near the playground.
Community Centers.
Banneker Community Center, Catonsville, Maryland.
The Banneker Community Center (Banneker Recreation Center) in Catonsville, Maryland, is located near the intersection of the Baltimore National Pike (U.S. Route 40) and the Baltimore Beltway (Interstate 695), about northeast of the former site of Banneker's home and farm. A unit of the Baltimore County Department of Recreation and Parks, the facility contains ballfields, multipurpose courts and a playground.
Banneker Community Center, Washington, D.C..
The Banneker Community Center in northwest Washington, D.C. is located near Howard University in the city's Columbia Heights neighborhood. The center, which is a unit of the District of Columbia Department of Parks and Recreation, contains playing fields, basketball and tennis courts, a swimming pool (Banneker pool), a computer lab and other indoor and outdoor facilities. Constructed in 1934 and named for Benjamin Banneker, the center's building (formerly named the Banneker Recreation Center) was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 because of its role as a focal point in the development of the black community in Washington, D.C.
Benjamin Banneker Community Center, Bloomington, Indiana.
The Benjamin Banneker Community Center in Bloomington, Indiana, contains a gymnasium, a recreation room, a kitchen, a library, a family resource center, a community garden, a cave mural, meeting rooms and other facilities. Benjamin Banneker School was a segregated school for Bloomington's African American residents from 1915 to 1951. When the school desegregated, its name was changed to Fairview Annex. In 1955, the school's building became the Westside Community Center. In 1994, the Bloomington City Council changed the community center's name to commemorate the building's history as a segregated school and to re-commemorate Benjamin Banneker. The City of Bloomington's Parks and Recreation Department operates the center.
Museum.
Banneker-Douglass Museum, Annapolis, Maryland.
The Banneker-Douglass Museum in Annapolis, Maryland, memorializes Benjamin Banneker and Frederick Douglass. The museum, which was dedicated on February 24, 1984, is the State of Maryland's official museum of African American heritage. It is housed within and adjacent to the former Mount Moriah African Methodist Episcopal Church within the Colonial Annapolis Historic District.
Planetarium.
Banneker Planetarium, Catonsville, Maryland.
The Banneker Planetarium in Catonsville, Maryland, is located about southeast of the former site of Benjamin Banneker's home and farm. The planetarium is a component of the Community College of Baltimore County's Catonsville Campus. Operated by the College's School of Mathematics and Science, the planetarium offers shows and programs to the public.
Educational Institutions.
The names of a number of university buildings, high schools, middle schools, elementary schools, professorships and scholarships throughout the United States have commemorated Benjamin Banneker. These include:
Professorships and scholarships.
The names of several university professorships and scholarships commemorate Banneker. These include:
Awards.
The names of several awards commemorate Banneker. These include:
Streets.
The names of a number of streets throughout the United States commemorate Banneker. These include:
Real estate.
The names of a number of buildings and apartment complexes commemorate Banneker. These include:
Businesses.
The names of a number of businesses commemorate Banneker. These include:
Advocacy groups.
The names and/or goals of several advocacy groups commemorate Banneker. These include:
Other.
Other commemorations of Benjamin Banneker include:
Banneker artifacts.
On the day of his funeral in 1806, Banneker's log cabin burned to the ground, destroying many of his belongings and papers. However, the Ellicott family retained several items that Banneker had used after borrowing them from George Ellicott. In 1996, a descendent of George Ellicott decided to sell at auction some of the items, including a table, candlesticks and molds. Although supporters of the planned Benjamin Banneker Park and Museum in Oella, Maryland, had hoped to obtain these and several other items related to Banneker and the Ellicotts, a Virginia banker won most of the items with a series of bids that totaled $55,250. The purchaser stated that he expected to keep some of the items and to donate the rest to the planned African American Civil War Memorial museum in Washington, D.C. In 1997, it was announced that the artifacts would be loaned to the Benjamin Banneker Historical Park and Museum in Oella, Maryland, and to the Banneker-Douglass Museum in Annapolis, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="36856045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856045" title="Romain Thibault">
Romain Thibault

Romain Thibault (born 6 January 1991 in Nîmes) is a French footballer who plays as a forward for Bourg-Péronnas on loan from Nîmes Olympique.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 1 September 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36856054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856054" title="Giakoumelos">
Giakoumelos

The Giakoumelos (Greek "Γιακουμέλος") family is an old Greek family from the island of Zakynthos, originally found there before 1478. According to the bibliography, it may be a hellenization of the Italian Giacomello or Giacomelli whose family members were found on the island during the Frankish rule.
There are many branches of the Giakoumelos family still extant today, each carrying a nickname to identify them from the others. Among these nicknames are Rorou ("Ρορού") and Dairis ("Νταΐρης") of which many local leaders of villages on the island of Zakynthos have come historically making them a sort of seigneur of their respective villages, especially the Rorou/Roros branch. Other nicknames: Gialia, Camberi, Cousoula, Malouchos, Roupa, Vardakastani, Dariou, Colovieni, Rorou 

</doc>
<doc id="36856056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856056" title="2012–13 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors basketball team">
2012–13 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors basketball team

The 2012–13 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors basketball team represented the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rainbow Warriors, led by third year head coach Gib Arnold, played their home games at the Stan Sheriff Center and were first year members of the Big West Conference. They finished the season 17–15, 10–8 in Big West play to finish in fifth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Big West Tournament to UC Irvine. They were invited to the 2013 CIT where they lost in the first round to Air Force.
The 2012–13 Rainbow Warrior roster was composed of players from eight different countries (Angola, Australia, Canada, Croatia, Germany, Latvia, New Zealand, and the United States).
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 CIT

</doc>
<doc id="36856060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856060" title="Jon Simmons">
Jon Simmons

Jon Simmons is an American film and television talent manager and acting coach operating out of Los Angeles. He is the co-founder of Simmons and Scott Entertainment.
Early life.
Jon was born in Bonne Terre, Missouri to William C. and Marcille Nina (Cartmill) Simmons and grew up in St. Charles, Missouri. He graduated from St. Charles High School and later attended Hannibal LaGrange College in Hannibal Missouri, and finished his undergraduate at Carson Newman College in Jefferson City Tennessee with a BA in Psychology and Religion.
Eventually landing in Dallas, Texas, Jon started his entertainment career with the Kim Dawson agency where he modeled and acted in commercials. From this beginning he decided to try and make a break in Hollywood.
Career.
Jon began as an actor in soaps, having a recurring day player role on General Hospital as well as roles on The Bold and the Beautiful and Santa Barbara. He later appeared on Alias, Sports Night, 7th Heaven, Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman, and as young Alfred Pennyworth in Batman and Robin. After being an actor for several years Jon decided to change direction. He turned to talent management and founded Simmons and Scott Entertainment in 1999 with Carl Scott, formerly of Warner Bros. Records. Their first client was Chad Michael Murray. Jon was also instrumental in beginning the careers of Garrett Hedlund, Chris Zylka, D.J. Cotrona, Brandon Buddy Drew Roy, Max Greenfield, Jesse Plemons, Nate Parker, Luke Kleintank, Colton Haynes, JD Pardo, Nicole Anderson, Casey Deidrick, and Ryan Carnes.
His current roster includes Kat Graham, Charlie Barnett, Frances de la Tour, and Cherilyn Wilson.
Jon is known for coaching and teaching each of his actors, personally fine tuning their skills. Many of his clients, both former and current, attribute their success to his guidance. Plemons says that "If I have any talent, it's because of him. He's an amazing acting coach . . . I studied with him for nine years.". Zylka has stated that Jon "became not only a father figure, but a mentor and my voice of reason. If anyone has a Jiminy Cricket, it's me. For sure!".
Jon continues to love acting and actively looks for the next big thing while coaching and teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="36856065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856065" title="Michael Hefele">
Michael Hefele

Michael Hefele (born 1 September 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for SG Dynamo Dresden in the 3. Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="36856072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856072" title="California Historical Landmarks in Yuba County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Yuba County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Yuba County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36856074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856074" title="Farid Benstiti">
Farid Benstiti

Farid Benstiti is a French football coach, currently in charge of Paris Saint-Germain in the Division 1 Féminine. 
As a player Benstiti was a midfielder. He started his career in 1984 for Olympique Lyonnais. In 1989 he moved to Cercle Dijon, and he subsequently played for AS Lyon-Duchère, FC Sète and Avenir Lembeek in the French and Belgian third tiers, and Vaulx-en-Velin and Gap FC in lower categories. He retired in 2000 at 33.
Benstiti is best known for his managerial career in women's football, which started in 2001 as he was appointed Olympique Lyonnais' manager. Under Benstiti Olympique won four championships in a row between 2007 and 2010 and reached the 2010 Champions League's final, lost to Turbine Potsdam on penalties. However, he left the position after the 2010 season. In September 2011 he signed for the Russian national team and months later he also took charge of Russian champion WFC Rossiyanka, replacing Vera Pauw and Tatiana Egorova respectively. In July 2012 he left both positions and returned to France for personal reasons. He then signed for Paris Saint-Germain.

</doc>
<doc id="36856076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856076" title="Fredd Wayne">
Fredd Wayne

Fredd Wayne (born October 17, 1924) is an American actor with a career spanning seven decades and successes on Broadway, radio, television, movies and recorded works. He is best known for numerous guest star appearances on television and for his portrayal of Benjamin Franklin - originally in his one-man show "Benjamin Franklin, Citizen", on television, recordings and live appearances.
Early life.
Fredd Wayne was born Frederick Wiener in Akron, Ohio to working class parents Celia (Mirman) and Charles Theodore Wiener, a salesman. Two days after graduating from John R. Buchtel High School he took a bus to Hollywood in hopes of working for cousin Lester Cowan who had produced "My Little Chickadee" and several Marx Brothers films. He recalls sitting in the lobby of Columbia Studios for three days before Cowan dismissed him with: “I got nuthin’ for you, kid.” After Wayne’s money and graduation watch were stolen, a neighbor who worked at Warner Brothers drove him to the studio where he was hired as a mail boy for $18 a week. This first Hollywood gig, and the rush of delivering film to movie sets, trading “hello”s with Bette Davis and watching John Garfield and Errol Flynn perform, ended when the U.S. Army called him in and asked his pre-draft occupation. Without hesitation he answered: “I was under contract to Warner Brothers Studio.”
WWII.
Wayne was made a Special Service non-com (Entertainment Specialist) for the 253rd Infantry Regiment of the 63rd Infantry Division. For eighteen months, in addition to traditional military training, he ran movie projectors, wrote, produced and performed in soldier shows in Mississippi, attended courses at Fort McPherson, Georgia and Washington & Lee University in Virginia (future director Arthur Penn was a classmate); Wayne also acted as booking agent of a hugely successful GI orchestra led by Ralph Cerasuolo, a sophisticated jazz violinist formerly known in New York City as “Leonardo of the Stork Club”. Despite a 14-year age difference they became close friends.
Elements of the 63rd Infantry Division including Wayne and the band landed in Marseilles, France on December 8, 1944 and were rushed north to support Americans locked in the Battle of the Bulge. Wayne was assigned to GRO (Graves Registration Office) to retrieve fallen soldiers. On April 2, 1945 he was stunned to find Ralph Cerasuolo’s body, killed by a single sniper shot to the forehead.
G.I. Carmen.
Shortly after VE-Day, Wayne was directed to put together an entertainment for the men. In response to his notices 45 combat veterans of his 253rd Infantry Regiment turned in rifles for grease paint to create "G.I. Carmen" – destined to become, with the exception of "This Is The Army", the most successful G.I. show of World War II. With half the cast as women in ill-fitting costumes and scraggly wigs, the show was to run for only three nights in Tauberbishofsheim, Germany but its raucous, bawdy humor, robust singing and dancing made it a roaring success that the army recognized at once. In addition to writing, producing and co-directing duties Wayne had to play the title role when no other G.I. would touch it. The cast included several pre-war professionals including Hal Edwards who’d danced in 20th Century Fox musicals and Ray Richardson, a tenor with the Chicago Lyric Opera. Most of Ralph’s band, now led by Marty Faloon, were onstage as well, among them future guitar great Charlie Byrd. After raiding Heidelberg’s Stadt Theatre for colorful costumes, proper wigs and scenery, the army sent the troupe on an extended nine month tour throughout Germany, Belgium, France, Italy and Austria including stops at leading theatres in Berlin, Brussels, Paris, Rome and Vienna. The show closed in Nuremberg on January 24, 1946. "GI Carmen"’s cast was kept together throughout 142 performances before audiences totaling well over 250,000 G.I. and allied troops and countless civilians, including Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas in Paris and Marlene Dietrich in Berlin.
Professional career.
Back in the states Fredd Wayne settled in New York with a job at J.C Penney offices by day and acting classes at the American Theatre Wing after hours. (Lee Marvin, James Whitmore and Martin Balsam were classmates; Eileen Heckart and Jean Stapleton were among the volunteer actresses). Roles there included Polonius in "Hamlet" at age 23. As an usher at Broadway’s Alvin Theatre Wayne watched Ingrid Bergman star in "Joan of Lorraine", and fetched tea for José Ferrer during the latter’s celebrated run in "Cyrano de Bergerac". (Ten years later for Universal’s Revue Productions, Wayne performed the character in a TV pilot called "The Sword". It never sold.) Following the Cyrano run Ferrer cast Wayne in his production of the Czech play "The Insect Comedy" whose performers included Ray Walston, Werner Klemperer and Don Murray.Fredd Wayne’s big Broadway break came when he went to audition for Shakespeare’s "As You Like It" starring Katharine Hepburn but was mistakenly pulled in to read for the Johnny Mercer – Bobby Dolan musical "Texas, L’il Darlin’". His "G.I. Carmen" musical skills helped land a leading role. Critical success led to more Broadway credits such as "Not For Children" by Elmer Rice and following Ray Walston as Luther Billis opposite Mary Martin in the original London production of "South Pacific". Wayne’s success in London – including a concurrent extended engagement at The Berkeley Cabaret – was followed by a role opposite Gene Kelly in MGM’s "Crest of the Wave", filmed in England and the Channel Islands. It also led to American productions of "South Pacific" playing Billis opposite Gisele MacKenzie in Dallas, Vikki Carr in Kansas City and Jane Powell in St. Paul, Minnesota. Returning to New York Wayne co-starred opposite Ralph Bellamy in "Oh Men!, Oh Women!" and became embroiled in the Golden Age of Television, when dramas and comedies were not videotaped or filmed but miscues were part of the tension and grandeur of performing live before millions of people. Wayne appeared in such shows as "Playhouse 90", "Studio One", "Pulitzer Prize Playhouse", "The Defenders", "Kraft Theatre", "Danger", "We, the People", "Robert Montgomery Presents", "The Victor Borge Show" and "The Nurses". He also made six guest appearances on "Perry Mason", all shot in Hollywood, including the role of murder victim Jack Hardisty in the 1958 episode, "The Case of the Buried Clock."
Benjamin Franklin, Citizen.
Out of these creative years Fredd Wayne developed the role for which he’s probably best known. The idea came to him while flying to New York from Los Angeles in 1964; he went straight to the New York Public Library from JFK to begin research and was directed to the Editor of The Papers of Benjamin Franklin at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. After six weeks of study and appearances as Franklin on 'Tonight' and 'Today' shows he began breaking in his one man show "Benjamin Franklin, Citizen" in upstate New York and Ohio. By the time he reached Los Angeles the production was running smoothly and Wayne was hired to play Franklin in a two-part "Bewitched" on ABC-TV.Wayne’s "Benjamin Franklin, Citizen" also had a long run in Hollywood’s Ivar Theatre which led to a well received U.S. State Department tour of Europe and subsequent college tours throughout America during the Bicentennial era and beyond. His work as Franklin on Bob Hope's "America is 200 Years Old...And There's Still Hope!" recorded on May 4, 1976, led to appearances in multiple roles on four subsequent Bob Hope Television Specials including an appearance as Brandon Tartikoff opposite Brandon Tartikoff. Fredd Wayne has also appeared frequently as Franklin at IBM, GE and other industrial conventions. His recording of "The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin" (Audio Partners) was selected as one of the top audiotapes of 1997.
Writings.
As a writer Fredd Wayne’s articles have appeared in "The New York Times", "Playboy", "The Los Angeles Times", "Performing Arts", "Westways", "The Arizona Republic" and numerous other publications. Wayne has titled his upcoming fictionalized memoir “Blinky's Great Adventure”.

</doc>
<doc id="36856080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856080" title="1950–51 Western Football League">
1950–51 Western Football League

The 1950–51 season was the 49th in the history of the Western Football League.
Division Three was scrapped after only one season, and the league reverted to the previous two-division format. The champions for the second time in their history were Glastonbury, and the winners of Division Two were Stonehouse.
Final tables.
Division One.
Division One remained at eighteen members with two clubs promoted to replace Soundwell and Bath City Reserves, who were relegated to Division Two.
Division Two.
Division Two was increased from eighteen clubs to twenty, after Barnstaple Town and Dorchester Town were promoted to Division One, and Bristol Aeroplane Company and Douglas left the league. Six new clubs joined:
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.
3 The tables as published at the time contained errors, hence the totals do not balance in some columns.

</doc>
<doc id="36856093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856093" title="Jonas Johansson (author)">
Jonas Johansson (author)

Jonas Johansson (born 1961 in Växjö, Sweden) is a Swedish journalist and author.
Life.
After his studies in in Gothenburg, Sweden, he worked as a journalist for the newspapers "Smålandsposten" and "Expressen" and as a freelance media consultant. After twenty years of media activity Jonasson left Sweden and moved to Lake Lugano, Italy. In Autumn 2011, he returned to Sweden and lives in Gotland.
Works.
His first novel originally titled "Hundraåringen som klev ut genom fönstret och försvann" (The Hundred Years', Which Rose Out Of The Window And Disappeared) was released in 2009. In 2010 it was the most sold book in Sweden, with the translations of the novel into 17 languages sold in 30 different countries (as of October 2013) In English the book is titled 'The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared'. In September 2011 it reached the top 10 books in Germany, and at the beginning of 2012, the top of Der Spiegel-Bestsellerliste.
His second novel, "Illiterate som customer räkna"(The illiterate who could count) was published in September 2013.
Publications.
As an audiobook read by Katharina Thalbach , The Hörverlag, Munich, 2013, ISBN 978-3867178877

</doc>
<doc id="36856101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856101" title="2013 NRL season">
2013 NRL season

The 2013 NRL season was the 107th season of professional rugby league club competition in Australia. The National Rugby League's main competition, named the 2013 Telstra Premiership after major sponsors Telstra Corporation, was contested by sixteen teams during the regular season, which lasted from March to September, and resulted in the top eight finishing teams, who went on to contest the finals. The finals culminated in the 2013 NRL Grand Final, in which the Sydney Roosters defeated the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. 
The NRL season started with the 2013 NRL All Stars match, which was played in February. The 2013 Holden Cup, the NRL's under-20 competition, also took place alongside the Premiership, with most matches held before the first grade competition. The 2013 season was marred by the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks supplements controversy.
Season summary.
Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks supplements controversy.
The 2013 NRL season was marred by a major investigation involving the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks' supplements program, which was alleged to have taken place during the 2011 season. Following an almost year-long investigation by ASADA and the NRL, a series of penalties were applied on the club, including, among others, the 12-month suspension of Shane Flanagan as the club's head coach, as well as a $1,000,000 fine (with $400,000 suspended) and the deregistration of Trent Elkin as the club's trainer.
Despite the off-field controversy, the Sharks were still able to reach the NRL finals for the second consecutive year, losing to eventual grand finalists Manly in the second week.
Teams.
The lineup of teams remained unchanged for the 7th consecutive year. A report conducted by Brand Finance valued the Penrith Panthers club at $46.2m, the highest of any Australian sporting brand, while the Brisbane Broncos had the highest brand equity.
Finals series.
For the second year the NRL uses the finals system previously implemented by the ARL competition from the 1990s (also used as the AFL finals system) to decide the grand finalists from the top eight finishing teams. Both the seventh-placed Newcastle Knights and minor premiers Sydney Roosters return the finals after last featuring respectively in 2011 and 2010, whilst the other six teams (Bulldogs, Storm, Rabbitohs, Sea Eagles, Cowboys & Sharks) were featured in the preceding finals series.
Regular season player statistics.
The following statistics are of the conclusion of round 26.
Top 5 point scorers
Top 5 try scorers
Top 5 goal scorers
2013 Transfers.
Players.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="36856125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856125" title="2016 Republican National Convention">
2016 Republican National Convention

The 2016 Republican National Convention, in which delegates of the United States Republican Party will choose the party's nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2016 national election, is expected to be held in June 2016. Such a date would make this convention the earliest scheduled major-party convention since 1948.
Potential host cities.
The cities listed in Bold are those in which interest for bidding on hosting the convention has been expressed.
Revised list of finalists, June 2014.
On June 25, 2014, the Republican National Committee announced that Denver and Kansas City had been eliminated, thus narrowing down possible host cities for the 2016 convention to the following two:
Revised list of finalists, May 2014.
On May 22, 2014, both Las Vegas and Cincinnati withdrew from consideration for hosting the convention, leaving only the following four cities in contention:
Revised list of finalists, April 2014.
On April 2, 2014, the Republican National Committee announced that Phoenix and Columbus have been eliminated from consideration and that the following six cities are the remaining finalists for hosting the convention.
List of finalists February 2014.
On February 27, 2014, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus announced that the following cities were finalists to host the convention:
The following cities had been invited to submit a bid, but did not make the initial cut:

</doc>
<doc id="36856164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856164" title="2009 Teen Choice Awards">
2009 Teen Choice Awards

The 2009 Teen Choice Awards were held on August 9, 2009, at the Gibson Amphitheatre, Universal City, California. The event was hosted by the Jonas Brothers, Nick, Kevin and Joe, who also performed. "Twilight" took home most awards with the total of 10 wins out of 11 nominations, including Robert Pattinson winning Choice Male Hottie. Miley Cyrus presented Britney Spears with the Ultimate Choice Award.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="36856183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856183" title="Karl Hopfner">
Karl Hopfner

Karl Hopfner (28 August 1952) is a football executive for Bayern Munich. In addition to his role at Bayern Munich, he is on UEFA's committee for club tournaments, a member of the board of the Deutsche Fußball Liga and the German Football Association. He is known for turning around the club's finances when the club had massive debts when he was first hired in 1983. Hopfner was elected President of the FC Bayern München eV.
Career.
Hopfner applied for Managing Director of the FC Bayern München eV in 1982 after seeing a "local" job ad. He eventually got the job and started the position in 1983. He eventually became managing director of FC Bayern München Sport-Werbe GmbH and eventually, from 2002, a member of the vorstand of FC Bayern München AG. He was in–charge of finance as part of his role on the vorstand. He was set to leave the club at the end of 2012 due to health reasons. However, at the club's annual general meeting on 15 November 2012, Hopfner was elected as Senior Vice President of FC Bayern München eV. Bayern announced on 26 September 2012 that Jan-Christian Dreesen would replace Hopfner on the vorstand. Dreesen took over on 1 February 2013. Following the resignation of Uli Hoeneß, Hopfner was announced as the candidate to become the new President of FC Bayern München e.V. The election was held on 2 May 2014 at the extraordinary general meeting. The result was that he would succeed Hoeneß as the new club president. During his career at Bayern, Hopfner was a member of the board of the Deutsche Fußball Liga and the German Football Association and also sits on the club commission for UEFA.

</doc>
<doc id="36856184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856184" title="Phaedrysmocheilus">
Phaedrysmocheilus

Phaedrysmocheilus is an Early Triassic Tainoceratid genus (Nautiloidea, Cephalopoda) from Siberia. The shell is a rapidly expanding, moderately involute nautilicone; smooth in the adult stage but laterally ribbed in the juvenile stage. Volutions are convex laterally, arched ventrally, embraced dorsally. Whorl sections change during development from being slightly depressed, early, to slightly compressed later, changing from being relatively wide to relatively high. The umbilicus is deep and funnel shaped. Sutures are slightly sinuous.

</doc>
<doc id="36856200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856200" title="Phan Thanh Hùng">
Phan Thanh Hùng

Phan Thanh Hùng (born 1960) is a Vietnamese retired footballer who played as a striker, and a current manager for Hà Nội T&T.

</doc>
<doc id="36856209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856209" title="Jānis">
Jānis

Jānis is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36856219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856219" title="California Historical Landmarks in San Mateo County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in San Mateo County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within San Mateo County, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36856227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856227" title="Paloma Young">
Paloma Young

Paloma Young (born 1979) is an American costume designer.
A native of California, Young received a bachelor's degree in social history from University of California, Berkeley in 2000, and continued her education with an M.F.A. in costume design from the graduate theatre program at University of California, San Diego. She has design credits for shows at the La Jolla Playhouse, Old Globe, South Coast Repertory, New York Theatre Workshop, Second Stage Theatre, and Berkeley Repertory Theater amongst others.
At the 66th Tony Awards, she won a Tony Award for Best Costume Design for her work on "Peter and the Starcatcher".

</doc>
<doc id="36856237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856237" title="Fuchs-Park-Stadion">
Fuchs-Park-Stadion

Fuchs-Park-Stadion is an athletics stadium in Bamberg, Germany.
History.
The stadium was built in 1926 and have undergo renovations in 2008 and 2009, making the seating capacity to 5.200. In 2009, the city of Bamberg made an agreement with bakery company Fuchs, so that the stadium name is changed to Fuchs-Park-Stadion until 2019.
Other uses.
Eintracht Bamberg use this stadium for their home games.

</doc>
<doc id="36856254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856254" title="George Green (shipbuilder)">
George Green (shipbuilder)

George Green (1767- 21 February 1849) was a London based shipbuilder with a shipyard in Blackwall.
George served his apprenticeship with John Perry.
George had sons, Richard, Henry and Frederick. They subsequently took control the business. Henry completed his apprenticeship and became yard supervisor in 1822. Fredrick set up Frederick Green and Co., handled passengers and cargoes. Finally, after George retired in 1838, Richard, who was the eldest, took overall direction and including managing the ships.
George also founded George Green's School, which has maintained a maritime connection, and today the school is supported by the Worshipful Company of Shipwrights.
He was buried at St Matthias Old Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36856266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856266" title="List of aviation accidents and incidents in Guatemala">
List of aviation accidents and incidents in Guatemala

This is a list of aviation accidents and incidents in Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="36856280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856280" title="Life After Top Chef">
Life After Top Chef

Life After Top Chef is an American reality series that airs on the Bravo television network. It premiered on October 3, 2012. 
Premise.
The series follows former "Top Chef" contestants Richard Blais ("Top Chef: Chicago", "Top Chef: All-Stars"), Jen Carroll ("Top Chef: Las Vegas", "Top Chef: All-Stars"), Spike Mendelsohn ("Top Chef: Chicago", "Top Chef: All-Stars"), and Fabio Viviani ("Top Chef: New York", "Top Chef: All-Stars") as they pursue their post-"Top Chef" professional endeavors and provides insight into the chefs' private lives.

</doc>
<doc id="36856289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856289" title="The Village Shopping Center">
The Village Shopping Center

The Village Shopping Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Gary, Indiana. Built in 1955, it includes vacant anchors last occupied by Marshalls and US Factory Outlets.
History.
Village Shopping Center opened in 1955. It was expanded in 1958 when Montgomery Ward opened a two-story, 122,965 square foot store. Other tenants included Kresge (later McCrory), and Kroger.
The Montgomery Ward store was changed to a closeout format before closing. Goldblatt's moved into the mall in 1985, taking part of the former Montgomery Ward with Aldi taking the rest. J.C. Penney was the last department store to leave the mall, doing so in 1995. It became US Factory Outlets in 1997. AJ Wright replaced the former Kresge/McCrory, and Ames briefly replaced the former Goldblatt's. The former Ames was later divided into mall space, while Aldi moved out in 2004. Marshalls opened in 2011 following the closure of the AJ Wright chain, but the store closed in December 2011 after only 7 months in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="36856290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856290" title="Lords Never Worry">
Lords Never Worry

Lords Never Worry (stylized as Lord$ Never Worry) is the debut mixtape by Harlem, New York hip hop group ASAP Mob, led by ASAP Rocky. The mixtape was released as a free digital download on August 28, 2012. The mixtape contains verses from ASAP Mob group members ASAP Rocky, ASAP Twelvyy, Dash, ASAP Ant, ASAP Ferg and ASAP Nast, along with guest appearances from Danny Brown, Raekwon, Flatbush Zombies, Gunplay, Fat Trel, Jim Jones and Bodega Bamz.
It also features production by Clams Casino, ASAP Ty Beats, AraabMuzik, and P On The Boards, among others.
The mixtape's music incorporates stylistic and production elements of various hip hop scenes, as was seen on Rocky's debut solo mixtape "Live. Love. ASAP". Over the course of its 18 tracks, the mixtape incorporates Southern and "trap" hip hop beats containing rattling hi-hats and heavy bass.
Background.
Initially announced in early 2012, the mixtape was scheduled for a May 2012 release, to be followed by Rocky's debut album "Long. Live. ASAP" during the summer. However, after failing to be released during these months, Rocky announced in mid-July that the album would be released two weeks later. Again, however, the mixtape was not released and it was eventually announced that it would be released on August 28, 2012, via LiveMixtapes.
The first single, "Bath Salt", contains verses from Rocky and ASAP Ant, with guest features from Flatbush, New York-based hip hop group Flatbush Zombies. It was released at midnight on July 27, 2012. Then, on August 13, a music video for a track titled "Purple Kisses" was released, followed by a music video for ASAP Ferg's track "Work", one week later on August 20.
Reception.
Critical response.
Upon its release, "Lords Never Worry" received generally mixed reviews. Pitchfork Media's Jordan Sargent found ASAP Rocky and ASAP Ferg to be the highlights of the group, although he criticized the execution of the beats on the mixtape.

</doc>
<doc id="36856291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856291" title="Alexander von Meilenwald">
Alexander von Meilenwald

Alexander von Meilenwald is a German multi-instrumentalist and vocalist known for his former band Nagelfar and his project The Ruins of Beverast.
At the age of 15, Meilenwald read an interview with Darkthrone member Nocturno Culto which fascinated him, after he had realised the supposedly extreme band Cannibal Corpse were "just normal metalheads". He then bought Darkthrone's "A Blaze in the Northern Sky" and believed "that this must be music made by deranged people". He got to know Sveinn Hackelnberg and founded Nagelfar with him and two other members.
In April 2002, Nagelfar disbanded, a decision that surprised the scene. Years later, Meilenwald explained that Zorn had told Nagelfar vocalist Zingultus and him that he lacked the energy and motivation he would have needed for Nagelfar, and Zorn and Meilenwald had decided that the band would not exist without one of them. Nagelfar refuse any offers for reunion concerts.
After the band's breakup, Meilenwald went on to form the one-man band The Ruins of Beverast and became the drummer of Heemat and a session member of Kermania (whose leader Weigand is influenced by early Nagelfar) and Truppensturm. He, Zingultus and Hackelnberg founded the Wòd-Ván, a group of black metal fans mainly (but not exclusively) from the region around Aachen.
A 2009 article by "Rock Hard" journalist Wolf-Rüdiger Mühlmann mentions that Meilenwald is age 31 and a student of history, linguistics and psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="36856296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856296" title="Germanonautilus">
Germanonautilus

Germanonautilus is a cephalopod genus included in the nautilid family Tainoceratidae, found widespread in the Triassic of North America, Europe, Asia, and north Africa. The shell is a moderately involute nautilicone (a form based on "Nautilus"); whorl section subquadrate to trapezoidal, widest across the umbilical shoulders, flanks flattened and ventrally convergent, venter flat and wide, dorsum narrowly and deeply impressed. The suture is with broad and deep lateral lobes and a shallow ventral lobe. The siphuncle is central and nummuloidal, composed of expanded segments that give a beaded appearance. 

</doc>
<doc id="36856309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856309" title="Matthew Zeiss">
Matthew Zeiss

Matthew Zeiss (born April 6, 1987) is an American singer/songwriter from Long Island, New York, better known simply as Zeiss. Raised in Lindenhurst, New York by a musically-orientated family. Zeiss began creating music at an early age.
As a child he was highly influenced by artists such as Chuck Berry, Muddy Waters, Tom Jones, Billy Joel and Elvis Presley, spending hours studying and imitating their unique sound. Zeiss often tries to incorporate a retro style into his music.
In January, 2012 Zeiss released his debut album “Last Train to Rock N Roll”. The album features a song “I Am the Boat” written by the artist's father in 1985.
On November 14, 2012 Zeiss recorded a cover of "Midnight Blues", written and originally recorded by the legendary Charlie Rich. Featured on piano is the artist's son, Charlie Rich Jr.
Life and career.
Zeiss was born Matthew John Zeiss on April 6, 1987, and raised in Lindenhurst, New York by parents John Zeiss, of German descent, and Rhonda Zeiss, of Russian descent. His parents met in 1980 after his mother heard of his father's trip to Elvis Presley's home, Graceland, in Memphis, Tennessee. The pair met and married within three months.
By the age of three Zeiss had already become an Elvis fan and had begun imitating his likeness. At the age of 10 he entered himself into the 5th grade talent show. His performance earned him a spot in the local newspaper, the Lindy Spotlight. This influenced Zeiss to continue with his interest in music.
After graduating high school in 2006, he began to professionally record music.
On July 15, 2010 Zeiss recorded his first single at the legendary Sun Studio in Memphis. His choice of song was a modern take on "That’s All Right", originally recorded at Sun Studio by Elvis Presley on July 5, 1954. In Zeiss' recording of the song, he includes lyrics from Presley's B-Side, "Blue Moon of Kentucky".
It wasn’t until 2012 that he had completed an album he felt comfortable releasing - "Last Train to Rock n' Roll".
Musical Style.
Zeiss’ music has been noted to have many different influences song to song, including rock, R&B, blues, and hints of hip hop. As a child, the time spent imitating classic artists heavily influenced his musical and performance style. He has been quoted saying "I study great artists, if you study the greats, what else can you become."
It wasn’t until high school that Zeiss began listening to modern artists who became influential to him, such as Audioslave, Lenny Kravitz, and Gnarls Barkley.
Discography.
2011- Last Train to Rock n' Roll
References.
Rockstar Matthew Zeiss
Barry Satz,Phyllis Sdoia-Satz & Zeiss on Conversations LIVE

</doc>
<doc id="36856320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856320" title="List of Lucchese crime family mobsters">
List of Lucchese crime family mobsters

This article is about current and past members of the Lucchese crime family.
Current members.
Peter Argentina.
Peter Argentina is a soldier and younger brother to Ray Argentina, a made member in the family. In 1992, he was acquitted of participating in an armored car heist. On June 21, 2011, Carl Lastorino, the son of Frank Lastorino, shot Argentina in the hand and shoulder. While escaping Carl Lastorino was shot to death by the police.
Carmine Avellino.
Carmine Avellino (born July 15, 1944) is a capo and younger brother to Salvatore Avellino a made member in the family. In 1984, Avellino and his brother Salvatore had a sitdown with Bonanno crime family members Steven Cannone, Joseph Massino, Salvatore Vitale over "King Caterers". It was decided that Avellino would leave "King Caterers", a Farmingdale, Long Island company that sold pre-cooked dishes to street vendors alone because the company was protected by the Bonanno family. In 1995, Avellino was indicted along with his brother Slavatore Avellino, Anthony Baratta, Frank Federico and Rocco Vitulli for the August 1989, murders of Robert Kubecka and Donald Barstow. Avellino was released from prison on February 25, 2004. On May 13, 2014, Avellino was charged with sending Lucchese associates and brothers Michael and Daniel Capra, in 2010 to collect a $100,000 loan and assaulted the victim.
John Capra.
John "Johnny Hooks" Capra (born April 6, 1940) is a current capo with operations in the Bronx and Westchester. In 2005, Capra was indicted along with Lucchese family associates Al Alvarez and Mark Denuzio, Genovese crime family soldier Pasquale Deluca, Gambino crime family acting boss Arnold Squitieri, acting underboss Anthony Megale, capo Gregory DePalma and others on extortion charges in Westchester and illegal gambling charges in the Bronx. Capra received an eighteen-month sentence and was released from federal prison on September 10, 2008.
Robert Caravaggio.
Robert "Bucky the Boss" Caravaggio is a soldier and former capo of the New Jersey faction. From 1986 to 1988, Caravaggio was one of the twenty defendants in the twenty-one month long trail of Lucchese crime family's New Jersey faction. In August 1997, Caravaggio along with other members of the Lucchese family's New Jersey faction was indicted and charged with racketeering, loan-sharking and gambling. In 2004, the New Jersey Commission of Investigation stated that Caravaggio was the head of the Lucchese crime family's North Jersey faction. Caravaggio was overseeing operations in Northern Jersey, especially in Morris County.
Joseph Caridi.
Joseph "Joe C." Caridi (born 1949), is the current Consigliere of the family. He resides in East Northport. He was nicknamed by the media the ""Tony Soprano of Long Island"" for running his crew from "Sinderella" a strip club in Brentwood similar to the "BADA-Bing!". In the early 2000s, he worked closely with former acting boss Louis Daidone and was picked up in wiretaps discussing loan sharking, extortion and drug dealing with Daidone and other Brooklyn faction mobsters.
On November 14, 2002 the police arrested Caridi along with Aniello "Neil" Colello, Ronald Galiano, Milton Bialostok, John Cerrella, Vincent Mancione, Carmelo Profeta, Vincent Salanardi and other wiseguys, who were charged with enterprise corruption. The charges included loan-sharking, gambling, construction payoffs, restaurant extortion and other profit-skimming operation that stretched from Suffolk County to the Bronx. In December 2002, Caridi along with capo John Cerrella and others were indicted on extortion charges. Caridi's crew took control of the "Hudson & McCoy Fish House" restaurant in Freeport, Long Island, after the owner asked him for help. The owner's partner Lewis Kasman, a Gambino crime family associate, had been stealing money from the restaurant. Caridi's crew successfully removed Lewis and started stealing up to $10,000 per night from the restaurant. He also forced the owner to buy his Italian bread from a Colombo crime family soldier. After the indictment soldier Vincent Salanardi began cooperating with the government while he continued to collect gambling debts. On March 23, 2003, Caridi pleaded guilty to extortion, to federal tax evasion and to running a sports betting operation from his home in East Northport. As part of this federal plea agreement, the State of New York dropped its November 2002 charges. On November 27, 2009 Caridi was released from prison.
Eugene Castelle.
Eugene "Boopsie" Castelle is a soldier and former capo of the Bensonhurst Crew. Castelle has two brothers John Castellucci a member of the Bensonhurst crew and Anthony Castelle the owner of "Coney Island Container" a private carting company that came under investigation for a suspicious fire in 2009. In 1997, Castelle was charged with bribing guards to smuggle food and steroids into the Brookyln Metropolitan Detention Center. In early 2000, Castelle served as acting underboss, while operating from Bath Ave in Brooklyn. On November 12, 2000, Castelle was indicted along with capo Joseph Tangorra, soldiers Joseph Truncale and Scott Gervasi and associates John Castellucci, Lester Ellis and Robert Greenberg on drug trafficking, extortion and loansharking charges. Castelle was released from prison on August 28, 2008.
John Castelle.
John "Big John" Castelle (born June 18, 1959), also known as "John Castellucci", is the current capo of the Bensonhurst Crew. Castellucci has two brothers, Eugene Castelle, a member of the Bensonhurst crew, and Anthony Castelle, the owner of "Coney Island Container", a private carting company that came under investigation for a suspicious fire in 2009. On November 12, 2000, Castellucci was indicted along with acting underboss Eugene Castelle, capo Joseph Tangorra, soldiers Joseph Truncale and Scott Gervasi and associates Lester Ellis and Robert Greenberg on drug trafficking, extortion and loansharking charges. Castellucci was released from prison on October 20, 2004.
John Cerrella.
John "Sideburns" Cerrella is a soldier and former capo. During the 1970s, Cerrella was a soldier in the Genovese family operating in Broward County, Florida. Cerrella worked with soldier Vincent Romano in South Florida. In 1977, Cerrella was sentenced to 16 years for extorting valet businesses in Fort Lauderdale and was released in 1983. In 1998, Cerrella was indicted along with Vincent Romano and others on illegal gambling charges. In 2002, Cerrella was indicted along with consigliere Joseph Caridi, soldier Vincent Salanardi and others. The group was charged with extorting the "Hudson & McCoy Fish House" restaurant in Freeport, Long Island. On November 27, 2009, Cerrella was released from prison. In 2011, the FBI discovered a list of contacts that included Cerrella and others in Bonanno family soldier Mike Virtuoso's butcher shop on Graham Avenue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
George Conte.
George "Georgie Goggles" Conte (born July 25, 1960) is a soldier, and former capo. In 1991, Conte along with other capos inducted five new members into the crime family. The ceremony was held in a Howard Beach, Queens and Conte filled in for capo George Zappola and sponsored Frank Gioia Jr. In January 1996, Conte and George Zappola were indicted and charged with murdering James D. Bishop, the former head of the painters union. In 1996, Conte was indicted along with soldier James Galione and other members on drug dealing charges in Brooklyn. Conte was released from prison on March 10, 2014.
Michael Corcione.
Michael "Mikey Bones" Corcione is a soldier and former acting capo in Domenico Cutaia's crew. In 2008, Corcione was indicted along with capo Domenico Cutaia, soldiers John Baudanza, Salvatore Cutaia, associates Steven Lapella, Victor Sperber, Louis Colello, and John Rodopolous on loansharking, illegal gambling and extortion charges. On July 3, 2012, Corcione was released from prison.
Joseph Cosentino.
Joseph "Joey Blue Eyes" Cosentino is a soldier. His two sons Joseph and Adam became mobsters. During the 1950s, Cosentino and John Petrucelli operated in Pelham Parkway, Bronx for the Lucchese family. On September 13, 1989, Consentino and Anthony Mangano murdered Petrucelli on his front lawn in White Plains, New York for harboring Gus Farace. Cosentino was released from prison on October 18, 1993.
Anthony Croce.
Anthony Croce is a soldier and former acting capo. In November 2008, Croce was arrested for running a sport gambling ring operating in the Bronx and Manhattan. In October 2009, Croce along with Joseph DiNapoli, Matthew Madonna and 26 other members of the Lucchese family were indicted on bribery, loansharking, gun trafficking, extortion, gambling and racketeering charges. In November 2009, Croce was indicted in "Operation Night Gallery" along with soldier Joseph Datello on illegal gambling charges. He controlled the sports gambling operations from Datello's bar "Night Gallery" in New Dorp, Staten Island. The indictment also stated Croce would have conversations with mobsters on the streets of the Financial District and the Staten Island Ferry.
Joseph Datello.
Joseph "Big Joe" Datello (born May 16, 1951) is a soldier in the "Prince Street Crew". In December 1999, Datello and Steven Crea talked about bribery and extortion with Sean Richard, the son-in-law of John Riggi who was wearing a hidden recording device. On September 6, 2000, the district attorney used the information obtained from Richard's to indict Datello, Steven Crea, Joseph Tangorra and Dominic Truscello, soldiers Philip DeSimone, Arthur Zambardi, Anthony Pezzullo, and Joseph Truncale on labor racketeering, extortion, and bid-rigging charges. On March 7, 2003, Datello pled guilty to extorting "Commercial Brick" a construction company, wire fraud in relation to a construction project at the Park Central Hotel, and loansharking. He was released from prison on August 5, 2005. In November 2009, Datello was indicted along with acting capo Anthony Croce and charged with running a sports gambling operations from his bar "Night Gallery" in New Dorp, Staten Island.
Andrew DiSimone.
Andrew DiSimone is a soldier and former acting capo. On October 1, 2009, DiSimone was indicted along with soldier Dominick Capelli and associate John Alevis on bribery and illegal gambling charges. The bribery charges dated back to 2006 and 2007 when DiSimone and others tried to bribe a NYPD sergeant and a detective, who were posing undercover in "Operation Open House" as corrupt officers, to protect illegal gambling operations around the city. On August 7, 2013 DiSimone was released from prison.
Salvatore DiSimone.
Salvatore "Sally Bo" DiSimone (sometimes spelled DeSimone), is a soldier and former capo. His son Anthony was a member of the Tanglewood Boys. In 1994, his son Anthony went into hiding after the murder of Louis Balancio. In 1999, his son Anthony turned himself in to the police and was sentenced in 2000 to 25 years to life. In 2005, the FBI revealed that DiSimone and Lucchese soldier Daniel Latella had meetings in doctor offices with Gambino family capo Greg DePalma.
Joseph Giampa.
Joseph "Joey" Giampa is a current capo with operations in Bergen County, New Jersey. In 1992, Giampa was charged with murder and later was acquitted. In December 1993, Giampa and his stepson Gennaro Vittorio decided to trust Richard Sabol, a government informant in establishing a company to import and export large amounts of heroin and cocaine in New Jersey. Giampa then began planning with capo Anthony Baratta to smuggle drugs and firearms into New Jersey. In February 1994, Gennaro Vittorio learned from New York City police officer Vincent Davis that Sabol was a government informant. In August 1994, Giampa was indicted along with Gennaro Vittorio, Joseph Gaito, Guy Fatato, Benjamin Segarra, Louis Dorval, Elliot Porco, and John Capra on racketeering charges. In August 1995, Giampa was found guilty of conspiring to establish gambling operations and racketeering in New Jersey. On September 21, 2001, Giampa was released from prison.
Vincent Mancione.
Vincent "Vinny Casablanca" Mancione is a soldier and former acting capo. In 2002, Mancione was indicted along with consigliere Joseph Caridi, capo John Cerrella and soldier Carmelo Profeta for extorting the "Hudson & McCoy Fish House" restaurant in Freeport, Long Island. Mancione was released from prison on August 2, 2006.
John Perna.
John G. Perna (born 1977) is a soldier and son of Ralph Perna. His brother's Joseph and Ralph M. are members of the New Jersey faction. On April 13, 2006 Perna was released from prison. In November 2007, John and his brother Joseph were made into the Lucchese family. On December 18, 2007, Perna along with his father Ralph, his brothers Joseph and Ralph M., and other members and associates of the New Jersey faction were arrested on gambling, money laundering and racketeering charges. On May 14, 2010, Perna was indicted along with thirty three other members and associates of the New Jersey faction on the 2007 charges of gambling, money laundering and racketeering.
Joseph Perna.
Joseph M. "Little Joe" Perna (born 1969) is a soldier and son of Ralph Perna. His brothers John and Ralph M. are members of the New Jersey faction. On May 18, 2006 Perna was released from prison. In November 2007, Joseph Perna and his brother John were made into the Lucchese family by Joseph DiNapoli and Matthew Madonna and other members of the family's hierarchy. On December 18, 2007, Perna along with his father Ralph, his brothers John and Ralph M., his wife Roseanna and other members and associates of the New Jersey faction were arrested on gambling, money laundering and racketeering charges. On May 14, 2010, Perna was indicted along with thirty three other members and associates of the New Jersey faction on the 2007 charges of gambling, money laundering and racketeering. The indictment revealed that Perna and Michael Cetta financed a scheme to smuggle drugs and cell phones into East Jersey State Prison with members of the Nine Trey Gangsters (a set of the Bloods) and corrupt corrections officer.
Ralph Perna.
Ralph Vito Perna (born 1946) is a capo and head of the New Jersey faction. Perna's father Joseph Perna was a mob loan shark in Newark, New Jersey. His brother Michael J. Perna is a member of the New Jersey faction. Perna's three sons Joseph, John and Ralph M. are members of the New Jersey faction. On August 18, 2006, Perna was released from prison. On December 18, 2007, Perna along with Joseph DiNapoli, Matthew Madonna, Martin Taccetta, his three sons Joseph, John, Ralph M. and twenty five other members and associates of the New Jersey faction were arrested on gambling, money laundering and racketeering charges. The arrests resulted from the investigation "Operation Heat", which alleged that the New Jersey faction ran an illegal gambling operation that earned approximately $2.2 billion over a 15-month period and smuggled drugs and pre-paid cell phones into a New Jersey prison. On May 14, 2010, Perna was indicted along with DiNapoli, Madonna and twenty nine other members and associates of the New Jersey faction on the 2007 charges of gambling, money laundering and racketeering. According to the indictment Perna "allegedly became top capo of the New Jersey faction of the family when Nicky Scarfo Jr. was deposed in 2007". In 2012, New Jersey state began investigating the possibility of money laundering for legal costs in Perna's case.
Carlo Profeta.
Carlo Profeta is a soldier and former acting capo in Domenico Cutaia's crew. He once served as a bodyguard to Gambino family mobster Roy DeMeo. In early 2009, Profeta had a sitdown with Bonanno family capo Anthony Mannone about a Lucchese soldier who owed him $200,000 in a loanshark debt. On February 24, 2010, Profeta was indicted along with capo Domenico Cutaia, soldier Salvatore Cutaia, associates Joseph Cutaia, Eric Maione and Nicholas Bernardo, Bonanno family capo Anthony Mannone and associate Jerome Carameilli on racketeering and extortion charges. In February 2011, Profeta and associate Eric Maione pleaded guilty to extortion charges. On July 23, 2013 Profeta was released from prison.
Anthony Santorelli.
Anthony "Blue Eyes" Santorelli is a capo operating in Westchester and the Bronx. In the 1990s, Santorelli led "The Tanglewood Boys", a recruitment gang for the Lucchese family. His son Alfred "Freddy Boy" Santorelli was a member of the gang. In 1994, Santorelli was observed by an FBI agent, dumping something into a garbage can, which turned out to be clothes covered in blood. A DNA check on the blood led to members of the gang being arrested for murdering college student Louis Balancio at a Yonkers sports bar.
Carlo Taccetta.
Carlo Taccetta (born 1973) is a soldier and son of Michael Taccetta a leader in the family's New Jersey faction. In 2004, the New Jersey Commission of Investigation stated that Carlo Taccetta began to take over after his father was imprisoned but New York leaders did not recognize his role. He was imprisoned on weapons charge and released on November 29, 2004. On January 26, 2014 Taccetta was arrested with 65 pounds of marijuana. He was charged with possession and possession with intent to distribute marijuana.
Dominic Truscello.
Dominic "Crazy Dom" Truscello (born April 29, 1934) is the capo of the "Prince Street Crew". In the 1990s, Truscello along with Steven Crea and Joseph Tangorra formed the "Lucchese Construction Group", supervising all the Lucchese family's construction related rackets. On September 6, 2000, Truscello was indicted along with acting boss Steven Crea, capo Joseph Tangorra, soldiers Joseph Datello, Philip DeSimone, Arthur Zambardi, Anthony Pezzullo, and Joseph Truncale on labor racketeering, extortion, and bid-rigging charges. In September 2002, Truscello and Steven Crea were indicted on information supplied by Joseph Defede, who became a government witness in February. The indictment charged Truscello with extorting "Commercial Brick", a construction company. In October 2003, Truscello pleaded guilty to federal extortion charges. On January 9, 2006, Truscello was released from prison.
Rocco Vitulli.
Rocco Vitulli is a soldier. On August 10, 1989, Vitulli along with Frank Federico murdered Robert M. Kubecka and Donald Barstow, two executives of a trash-collection company in East Northport, New York. In 1995, Vitulli was indicted along with Slavatore Avellino, Carmine Avellino, Anthony Baratta and Frank Federico for the murders of Robert Kubecka and Donald Barstow. Vitulli was released from prison on September 7, 2000.
George Zappola.
George "Georgie Neck" Zappola (born 1960) is a former capo, and close ally to Anthony Casso. In the late 1980s, Zappola and Alfonse D'Arco murdered Lucchese capo Michael Pappadio after he refused to give up control of his garment district rackets. After surprising Pappadio in a bagel shop, Zappola shot him in the head with a .22-caliber pistol. On May 17, 1990 Zappola and George Conte murdered James Bishop the former secretary-treasuer of painters union Local 37 who had began cooperating with the district attorney's office. In 1993, Zappola along with Frank Papagni and Frank Gioia Jr. plotted to have Steven Crea killed. In 1996, Zappola was indicted along with Frank Papagni, George Conte and Frank Giacobbe on murder charges. In June 1996, Zappola pleaded guilty to several murders, including the 1990 Bishop slaying. In October 1996, while being held at Metropolitan Detention Center in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, Zappola bribed a federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) guard $1,000 to smuggle his sperm out of the facility. Zappola was released from prison on March 3, 2014.
Imprisoned members.
Ray Argentina.
Ray Argentina is a soldier and older brother to Peter Argentina a made member in the family. In 1992, Argentina along with Louis Daidone, Alan Taglianetti and Robert Molinelli were found guilty in the $1.2 million robbery of an armored truck in Brooklyn in 1988. In 2001, Argentina was indicted along with Louis Gampero and Ken Cardona they were charged with illegal mortgage fraud activities in Brooklyn, upstate New York and Long Island, and running an illegal cocaine ring in Long Island. Argentina is currently incarcerated with a projected release date of October 4, 2024.
John Baudanza.
John Baudanza is a soldier, operating in his father-in-law Domenico Cutaia's crew. His father Carmine and uncle Joseph are both members of the Colombo crime family. During the early 1990s, Baudanza worked with his cousin Joseph M. Baudanza running stock fraud crimes for the Colombo family. He married Danielle Cutaia the daughter of Domenico Cutaia a capo in the Lucchese family. In 1995, he was inducted into the Lucchese family.
On March 23, 2006, Baudanza was indicted along with his father Carmine, his uncle Joseph, Colombo family soldier Craig Marino, Colombo family associates Craig Leszczak, Robert Podlog and Arthur Gunning on racketeering charges related to operating a "pump and dump" stock scam. He pled guilty on April 17, 2007 to extortion charges. In December 2007, he was sentenced to seven years in prison. In February 2008, Baudanza was indicted along with his father-in-law capo Domenico Cutaia, soldiers Salavatore Cutaia, Michael Corcione, associates Steven Lapella, Victor Sperber, Louis Colello, and John Rodopolous on loansharking, illegal gambling and extortion charges. He is currently serving his sentence in the Allenwood prison with a projected release date of August 2, 2015.
Salavatore Cutaia.
Salavatore Cutaia is a soldier operating in his father's Domenico Cutaia crew. His son Joseph Cutaia is an associate in the Lucchese family. In 2008, Cutaia was indicted along with his father capo Domenico Cutaia, soldiers John Baudanza, Michael Corcione, associates Steven Lapella, Victor Sperber, Louis Colello, and John Rodopolous on loansharking, illegal gambling and extortion charges. On February 24, 2010, Cutaia was indicted along with father capo Domenico Cutaia, soldier Carlo Profeta, his son associate Joseph Cutaia, associates Eric Maione and Nicholas Bernardo, Bonanno family capo Anthony Mannone and associate Jerome Carameilli on racketeering and extortion charges. Cutaia is currently in prison with a projected release date of August 22, 2016.
James Galione.
James "Jimmy Frogs" Galione is a soldier. In October 1996, Galione was indicted and charged with running a crack-cocaine ring that operated in Bensonhurst and Bay Ridge, Brooklyn since 1992. In 1997, Galione and Mario Gallo pled guilty to the murder of Bonanno/Colombo families associate Constable "Gus" Farace in 1989. Galione is currently imprisoned, with a projected release date of December 24, 2015.
Joseph Lubrano.
Joseph Lubrano (born 1970) is a caporegime in the family with ties to mobsters on Arthur Avenue in The Bronx. His crew is operating around the Bronx, Manhattan, Staten Island and Westchester. In 1996, Lubrano was wrongfully sent to prison for beating a black police officer in 1994 and was released two years later. During the trial, it was alleged that Lubrano was a member of the Lucchese recruitment gang, The Tanglewood Boys. In 1997, Darin Mazzarella, a member of the Tanglewood Boys became a federally protected witness. Mazzarella gave information to investigators and prosecutors about the Lubrano assault; he admitted participating in the assault with Alfred "Freddy Boy" Santorelli, the son of Anthony Santorelli, and asserted that Lubrano was not a Tanglewood member.
In May 2010, Lubrano was listed on wanted poster by the FBI for armed robbery and racketeering. On September 11, 2010, Lubrano was captured in Yonkers, New York. He was later convicted and sentenced to 57 months in federal prison. As of July 2013, Lubrano is incarcerated at the Ray Brook Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) in Ray Brook, New York with a projected release date of October 31, 2014.
Joseph Massaro.
Joseph "Joey Bang Bang" Massaro is a soldier. He was a member of the "Harlem Crew" and reported to capo Anthony Baratta. During the early 1980s, Massaro extorted Long Island topless bars starting a feud with the Bonanno crime family. In 1990, Massaro and Patrick Esposito murdered Joseph Fiorito. In 1993, Massaro was found guilty of extortion and arson to take over Long Island topless bars. At his trail FBI agent Joe Pistone discussed what he learned about a 1980 Bonanno-Lucchese family sit-down over the topless bars in Long Island. Former Lucchese family acting boss Alphonse D'Arco also testified against him. Massaro is currently serving life in prison.
Frank Papagni.
Frank "Frankie Bones" Papagni (born July 18, 1957) is a soldier. In 1991, Papagni attended a making ceremony in Howard Beach, Queens. He served as consigliere in the late 1990s. In 1993, Papagni along with George Zappola and Frank Gioia Jr. plotted to have Steven Crea killed. In 1996, Papagni was indicted along with George Zappola, George Conte and Frank Giacobbe on murder charges. He was charged with two 1992 murders: the first was the murder of Gambino crime family associate Frank Mariconda and the second was the murder of Richard Taglianetti. Papagni is currently in prison with a projected release date of November 24, 2015.
Michael Perna.
Michael J. Perna is a soldier in the New Jersey faction. His brother Ralph is also a member in the New Jersey faction. During the 1980s, Perna was a member of Michael Taccetta's inner circle and controlled operations from the Hole in the Wall, a luncheonette in Newark's Down Neck section. In August 1988, Perna was acquitted in the 21 month trail along with the other twenty members of the New Jersey faction. On April 18, 1991, Perna was charged in two separate indictments. The first indictment charged Perna along with Michael Taccetta, Martin Taccetta, Anthony Accetturo and Tommy Ricciardi with racketeering. The second indictment charged Perna along with Michael Taccetta, Anthony Accetturo and Tommy Ricciardi with corrpution. On August 13, 1993, Perna convicted in the first trial. During the second trail both Thomas Ricciardi and Anthony Accetturo agreed to become Government witnesses they testified against Perna and Taccetta. On September 20, 1993, Perna and Michael Taccetta pled guilty to federal racketeering. In the plea deal both Perna and Michael Taccetta admitted they bribed or tried to bribe jurors in the 1988, trial against 20 members of the Lucchese family and the 1991 trial of John Riggi the boss of the DeCavalcante crime family. Perna and Michael Taccetta were sentenced to twenty five years each.
He is currently in prison with a projected release date of August 2, 2015.
Joseph Tangorra.
Joseph "Joey Flowers" Tangorra (born August 2, 1949) is a soldier, and former capo of the "Bensonhurst Crew". In September 2000, Tangorra was indicted along with acting boss Steven Crea, capo Dominic Truscello and othes members of the "Lucchese Construction Group" on labor racketeering charges. In November 2000, Tangorra was indicted along with soldier Joseph Truncale and was charged with the 1988 murder of Victor Filocamo. In June 2001, his wife Carol Ann Tangorra wrote a letter on behalf of her husband who had been denied bail. Tangorra is currently in prison with a projected release date of December 9, 2014.
Associate(s).
Joseph Cutaia.
Joseph Cutaia is an associate. His father Salvatore is a soldier and his grandfather Domenico is a capo in the Lucchese family. On December 24, 2009, Cutaia and Nicholas Bernardo were charged with attempted robbery and stick up of a Bensonhurst, Brooklyn couple. In February 2010, Cutaia was indicted along with his grandfather capo Domenico Cutaia, his father soldier Salvatore Cutaia, soldier Carlo Profeta, associates Eric Maione and Nicholas Bernardo, Bonanno family capo Anthony Mannone and associate Jerome Carameilli on racketeering and extortion charges. He is currently in prison with a projected release date of May 31, 2027.
Past members.
Joseph Abate.
Joseph F. Abate (1902-1994), also known as "Joe", was a capo in the family's New Jersey faction. In the 1920s, Abate served as an enforcer for Al Capone in Chicago before settling in New Jersey. In June 1976, Abate attended Anthony Accetturo induction ceremony into the Lucchese family. In 1979, Abate went into semiretirement and Accetturo succeed him as boss of the New Jersey faction. He moved to Margate, New Jersey and served as a liaison between families in New Jersey until 1989 when he retired from Mafia affairs. In 1992, his daughter Catherine Abate was appointed New York City's new Correction Commissioner. She was confronted about her father's past and denied that he was ever involved in organized crime. In 1994, Joseph Abate died of natural causes. In 1998, his daughter Catherine admitted that she could no longer dismiss allegations that father belonged to the Lucchese crime family.
Settimo Accardi.
Settimo "Big Sam" Accardi (October 23, 1902 in Vita, Sicily-December 3, 1977) he served as capo in the family's New Jersey faction up until his deportation. and was one of the largest heroin traffickers during the 1950s. Accardi emigrated to the U.S. shortly before World War I and associated with mobsters Joseph Sica, Willie Moretti, Joe Adonis and Abner Zwillman. During World War II, Accardi sold counterfeit food ration cards. On January 22, 1945 he became a naturalized US. citizen until July 10, 1953 when his naturalization was revoked because he had not disclosed two previous arrests during his naturalization hearing.
In 1955, Accardi was arrested on a federal narcotics charge in Newark, New Jersey. After posting a $92,000 bond, Accardi skipped bail and fled to Turin, Italy, where he continued smuggling heroin into the US and Canada. Accardi later moved to Toronto, Canada, to oversee this operation. In 1960, U.S. authorities finally located Accardi in Turin, Italy and on November 28, 1963, after a long legal fight, Accardi was extradited back to New York. On July 21, 1964, Accardi was convicted on narcotics conspiracy and skipping bail. On August 24, he was sentenced to fifteen years of imprisonment and a $16,000 fine. He died on December 3, 1977.
Alfonso Cataldo.
Alfonso T. "Tic" Cataldo (died August 21, 2013) was a soldier in the New Jersey faction. Cataldo grew up in Newark, New Jersey with his cousins Michael and Martin Taccetta. From 1986 to 1988, Cataldo was one of the twenty defendants in the twenty-one month long trail of Lucchese crime family's New Jersey faction. During the trail Cataldo was listed as a member supervising numbers and loansharking operations in New Jersey. In 2002, Cataldo was indicted on illegal gambling and for the October 7, 1981 murder of William Kennedy. In 2004, the New Jersey Commission of Investigation stated that Cataldo was running illegal gambling operations in New Jersey. In December 2007, Cataldo was indicted along with capos Joseph DiNapoli, Matthew Madonna and Ralph V. Perna and others on gambling, money laundering and racketeering charges. On August 21, 2013 Cataldo died on of natural causes.
Ralph Cuomo.
Ralph "Raffie" Cuomo (died 2008), also known as "Raffaele", was a soldier who owned Ray's Pizza on Prince Street between Elizabeth and Mott Streets in Little Italy. In 1959, Cuomo opened the first "Rays Pizza", he later opened another in the Upper East Side. In 1969, he was convicted of drug trafficking after being found with 50 pounds of heroin. In 1998, Cuomo was sentenced to four years in prison for making heroin sales in the pizzeria. He was released from prison on May 24, 2002. Cuomo died in 2008 and his "Ray's Pizza" on Prince Street closed over a rent dispute in October 2011.
Paul Correale.
Paul "Paulie Ham" Correale (April 25, 1911 - died) was a capo in the family. Correale controlled gambling and narcotics in East Harlem. In December 1930, Correale and Carmine Tramunti had charges of robbery dropped and they were released from jail. Correale ran a Lucchese family gambling club between Secound Avenue and East 112th Street in East Harlem. In 1952, Joseph Valachi and others murdered Eugenio Giannini near Correale's club.
Anthony Delasco.
Anthony "Ham" Delasco (sometimes spelled Dolasco) was a former boxer and capo in New Jersey. In the 1950s, he took over the Jersey crew after Settimo Accardi was deported. Delasco ran his crew from East Orange, New Jersey where he controlled jukebox machines, cigarette vending machines, illegal gambling and loan-sharking operation in Newark, New Jersey. In the late 1950s, Delasco took Anthony Accetturo as his protege. Delasco died in the late 1960s, his rackets were taken over by Accetturo.
Anthony DiLapi.
Anthony DiLapi (February 9, 1936 – February 4, 1990), also known as "Blue Eyes over the Bridges" or "Fat Anthony" was a soldier. His uncle Salvatore Santoro, was a former underboss in the Lucchese family. DiLapi controlled the Lucchese family's Teamsters union in New York City's Garment District, a bookmaking business and owned part of vending machine company in Brooklyn. He also worked with Thomas Gambino, the son of Carlo Gambino and son-in-law of Tommy Lucchese in extorting business in the Garment district. After being released from prison DiLapi was summoned to a meeting with Anthony Casso, and fled. Anthony Casso order Burton Kaplan to use two (NYPD) detectives on his payroll, Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, to track down DiLapi. The two detectives found him in Reseda, California. Vic Amuso and Anthony Casso then ordered Joseph "Little Joe" D'Arco to kill DiLapi. On February 4, 1990, Joseph D'Arco shot DiLapi to death in his Hollywood, California apartment buildings underground garage. DiLapi was shot five times in the face and four times in the body. On April 6, 2006, Eppolito and Caracappa were convicted of murder for their role in eight mob killings, including that of Anthony DiLapi.
Stefano LaSalle.
Stefano "Steve" LaSalle (real name LaSala) was an early member of the Morello family, he later joined Reina's family. In 1915, East Harlem's Italian lottery "king" Giosue Gallucci was murdered, allowing LaSalle and Tommaso Lomonte to take over the lottery games. LaSalle would served as underboss to Tom Lucchese and later Carmine Tramunti, until he retired in the 1970s.
Anthony Loria, Sr..
Anthony "Tony" Loria, Sr. was a mobster who played a major role in the French Connection heroin scandal. In October 1973, Loria was indicted along with Carmine Tramunti and 42 other mobsters on drug dealing charges. Loria was implicated along with Vincent Papa, Anthony Passero, Virgil Alessi and Frank D'Amato in the New York Police Department scandal which over $70 million worth of drugs seized during the French Connection operation was stolen from the police property room. The crew stole 398 pounds of heroin and 120 pounds of cocaine from 1969 to 1972. In 1989, he died from natural causes.
Joseph Lucchese.
Joseph "Joe Brown" Lucchese was a capo and brother to Tommy Lucchese the boss of the Lucchese crime family. He controlled gambling operation along with Aniello Migliore. In 1963, during the Valachi hearings Lucchese was identified as a capo in the Lucchese family. He died during the early 1970s.
Anthony Luongo.
Anthony "Buddy" Luongo was a former capo. In 1986, Luongo tried to take over the Lucchese crime family after boss Anthony Corallo was imprisoned during the Commission case. In December 1986, Luongo met Vic Amuso, Anthony Casso, Bobby Amuso and Dom Carbucci in Brooklyn when Bobby Amuso shot Luongo dead.
Mariano Macaluso.
Mariano "Mac" Macaluso was a former member. He served as consigliere during the 1960s. In 1986, after the Mafia Commission Trial, Macaluso became the new underboss. In 1989, boss Vic Amuso forced him into retirement. In 1992, he died from natural causes.
Frank Manzo.
Frank Manzo (February 2, 1925 – October 23, 2012), also known as "Francesco Manzo", "Frank Manse", and "Frankie the Wop" was a soldier in the Vario Crew who oversaw the family's interests at John F. Kennedy International Airport ("JFK") in Queens, New York. He served as a union delegate in the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, controlled Local 295 and owned two trucking companies: LVF Air Cargo, Inc., and LVF Airport Service Inc. at JFK Airport. Manzo also owned Villa Capra, a restaurant in Cedarhurst, New York, where he conducted illegal activities.
In 1972, Manzo was kidnapped by James McBratney, Eddie Maloney, Tommy Genovese and Richie Chaisson; they held him on $150,000 in ransom, which was paid and he was released. In 1983, Manzo was overheard in an FBI wiretap, saying, "We rule this airport". In 1985, Manzo along with Local 295 President Frank Calise, Local 851 Vice-President Harry Davidoff and others were indicted on charges of extorting shipping and trucking companies at JFK Airport. In 1986 Manzo pleaded guilty to racketeering and was sentenced to twelve years in prison and fined $325,000. On April 8, 1987, Manzo was banned from New Jersey casinos due to his history of involvement with organized crime.
Manzo was released from prison in 1994. In 1995 Manzo was charged with racketeering for extorting $2 million in payoffs over a 13 year-period from cement company owner John Quadrozzi between 1978 and 1991. However, the charges were dropped when the judge ruled that the crimes were covered under his 1986 plea agreement. On October 23, 2012, Manzo died in his sleep.
Richard Pagliarulo.
Richard "Toupe" Pagliarulo (November 30, 1948 – 1999) was a former capo. Pagliarulo took over as capo of Peter Chiodo's old Bensonhurst crew. In 1991, Pagliarulo served as a member of a panel that conducted a Lucchese crime family induction ceremony in Howard Beach, Queens. He sponsored both Gregory "Whitey" Cappello and Jody Calabrese for membership during the ceremony. In the late 1990s, Pagliarulo died of natural causes in prison.
Dominick Petrilli.
Dominick "The Gap" Petrilli was a former member. He got the nickname "The Gap" after losing two front teeth in a childhood fight. Petrilli met Joseph Valachi in Sing Sing prison in Ossining, New York. In 1928, after Valachi was released from prison Petrilli introduced him to Girolama "Bobby Doyle" Santucci and Tom Gagliano. In 1942, Petrilli was convicted on narcotic charges and was deported to Italy. In November 1953, he reentered the U.S. and it was rumored he was working with the government. On December 9, 1953 he was murdered in a bar on East 183rd Street in the Bronx by three gunmen.
Joseph Pinzolo.
Bonaventura "Joseph" Pinzolo (1887 – September 5, 1930), also known as "Fat Joe", was the boss of the family during 1930. In July 1908, Pinzolo was arrested for trying to bomb 314 East 11th Street in an effort to force owner Francisco Spinelli to pay Black Hand extortion demands. After his arrest Pinzolo, gave up his boss Giuseppe Costabile, a Camorrista who controlled the area south of Houston Street to Canal Street and from East Broadway to the East River. Pinzolo served 2 years and 8 months to 5 years after refusing to testify against Costabile.
In February 1930, Gaetano Reina was murdered and boss Joseph Masseria backed Pinzolo to take control of the Reina family. Pinzolo may have been responsible for Reina's murder, though the most widely-suspected culprit for that crime remains Vito Genovese. As boss Pinzolo was unfamiliar with the members of the family and the East Harlem area. His promotion angered Tommaso Gagliano, Tommy Lucchese and Dominick Petrilli who formed a splinter group within the family and planned his murder. On September 5, 1930 Pinzolo's body was found in the Brokaw building on 1487 Broadway in suite 1007 occuiped by California Dry Fruit Importers. The office was leased by Tommy Lucchese four months earlier. According to Joseph Valachi the killer was Girolomo Santuccio. Valachi also mentioned that after Pinzolo's assassination a meeting was held on Staten Island to uncover who was responsible for the murder.
Vincenzo Rao.
Vincenzo John Rao (June 21, 1898 Palermo, Sicily – September 25, 1988), also known as Vincent or Vinny, was a former Consigliere in the family. His father was Antonio Rao and his mother Liboria Gagliano. He had a brother Calogero "Charles" and a sister Maria Speciale. On his mother's side, Rao was a distant relative to Tommaso Gagliano. He was a cousin to gangster Joseph Rao. He married Carmelina Alberti and the couple had two daughters, Nina Pancoldo and Liagria Vento. On December 5, 1921, Vincenzo Rao became a naturalized United States citizen in New York City. He began his criminal career working for the Gagliano's in East Harlem. Rao became a powerful mobster in lathing industry. He became partners in Five Boro Hoisting Company, United Lathing Company, Westchester Lathing Corporation and Ace Lathing Company operating from the Bronx and Westchester. In the 1950s, boss Gaetano Lucchese promoted Rao to Consigliere in the family.
In 1957, Rao was arrested with 60 other mobsters at the abortive Apalachin meeting in rural Apalachin, New York. When asked by investigators why he was at the meeting, Rao said he went there for the luncheon buffet and did not speak to anyone else because he was not "introduced". During the 1963 Valachi hearings, Rao was listed as the Lucchese family's consigliere. In 1965, Rao was convicted on perjury charges and was sentenced to five years in prison. At the same time the longtime boss Tom Lucchese had become ill and Rao was thought as suitable successor. His chance to become the new boss never happened due to his trials. During the early 1970s, Rao retired to Florida. On September 25, 1988, Rao died of natural causes and is buried at Ferncliff Cemetery in Hartsdale, New York.
Patrick Testa.
Patrick "Patty" Testa is a former soldier. Testa was the younger brother to Joseph Testa. In 1984, he was indicted on fraud and theft charges along with members of the Gambino family's DeMeo crew. Testa was sentenced to two years in prison and after his release joined the Lucchese crime family. On December 2, 1992 Testa was murdered, shot in the back of the head nine times. It was later revealed that Anthony Casso had ordered Frank Lastorino to murder Testa.
Past associate(s).
Guido Penosi.
Guido "the Bull" Penosi a former associate. He lived in Beverly Hills, and was a narcotics dealer active in Los Angeles and the West Coast. In the 1980s, Penosi along with his cousin Frank Piccolo (a member in the Gambino crime family) stopped Genovese family mobsters from extorting his friend Wayne Newton (Wayne Newton v. NBC).
Abraham Telvi.
Abraham "Abe" Telvi (September 12, 1934 – July 28, 1956) was an associate of Johnny Dio. In 1956, Telvi was ordered by Dio to throw acid on New York journalist Victor Riesel for making radio and television appearances about labor union corruption. In the morning of April 5, 1956, Telvi attacked Victor Riesel as he was leaving Lindy's, a Broadway restaurant, throwing sulfuric acid onto his face leaving him permanently blind. In the attack, Telvi had burned himself badly on the right side of his face and neck with some of the acid that splashed on him. He was paid $1,175 in cash and began demanding more money from Dio. On July 28, 1956 Telvi was found dead on Mulberry Street with a bullet in his head.
Government informants and witnesses.
Joseph D'Arco.
Joseph "Little Joe" D'Arco is a former soldier who is currently in witness protection along with his father former acting boss Alphonse D'Arco. In early 1990, Vic Amuso and Anthony Casso ordered D'Arco to kill Anthony DiLapi, a soldier who was in hiding. On February 4, 1990, he shot DiLapi to death in his Hollywood, California apartment buildings underground garage. In September 1991, D'Arco's father became a marked man (being targeted for death), and, fearing for his own life, surrendered to the F.B.I. and agreed to become a witness.
Donald Frankos.
Donald "Tony the Greek" George Frankos, (born November 10, 1938 Hackensack, New Jersey – died March 30, 2011 Dannemora, New York), was a Greek-Italian contract killer and mob associate of the Lucchese family, who later became a government witness. His father George Argiri Frango was left his home town of Kardamyla on Chios, Greece in 1905 as a crewman on a ship. George Frango married Irene an immigrant from Syracuse, Italy and had three children Georgia (1932), James (1935) and Donald (1938). In 1974, Frankos murdered Lucchese associate Richard Bilello.
In 1992, Frankos claimed to author William Hoffman he took part in the murder of Jimmy Hoffa, with a hit team consisting of himself, and Irish-American mobsters John Sullivan and James Coonan. According to Frankos, Hoffa was lured by his close friend Chuckie O'Brien to a house owned by Detroit mobster Anthony Giacolone. Once there, Hoffa was shot and killed by Coonan and Frankos using suppressed .22 pistols. Hoffa was then dismembered by Coonan, Sullivan, and Frankos. It has been asserted that he sealed the body in an oil drum and buried it underneath Giants Stadium, however no evidence has ever been found to substantiate this claim. Author Jerry Capeci found these claims false because Frankos was in prison during Hoffa's disappearance.
Eugenio Giannini.
Eugenio Giannini a former soldier who became an informant to the Bureau of Narcotics. In 1942, Giannini was charged with heroin conspiracy and served fifteen months in prison. He moved to Europe in 1950, and began smuggling U.S. medical supplies into Italy. While in Italy he formed a connection to Charles Luciano and began informing on Luciano to the Bureau of Narcotics. Giannini was arrested on counterfeiting charges in Italy but the charges were dropped and he moved back to New York. The Mafia in New York discovered that Giannini was an informer and ordered his murder. Genovese family capo Anthony "Tony Bender" Strollo gave the contract to Joseph Valachi. On September 20, 1952 Giannini's body was found on 107th Street shot to death. Valachi later revealed he recruited brothers Joseph and Pasquale Pagano and Fiore Siano to carry out the hit. They murdered Giannini near a gambling club run by Lucchese family soldier Paul Correale between Secound Avenue and East 112th Street.
Frank Gioia Jr..
Frank "Spaghetti Man" Gioia, Jr. (born August 10, 1967) is a former soldier who is currently in witness protection along with his father former soldier Frank Gioia Sr. In 1991, Gioia Jr. was inducted into the Lucchese crime family in a ceremony held in Howard Beach, Queens. He was sponsored by George Conte, who was filling in for his real sponsor George Zappola. In June 1992, Gioia Jr. was arrested in Brooklyn on a gun charge. In 1993, Gioia Jr. along with George Zappola and Frank Papagni plotted to have Steven Crea killed. In 1993, Gioia was arrested for trafficking heroin from Manhattan to Boston. In 1994, Gioia found out that Frank Papagni planned to murder his father Frank Gioia Sr., prompting the son to become a government witness. Since becoming a government witness, Gioia Jr. has testified against 60 defendants.
Burton Kaplan.
Burton Kaplan was an associate and government informant. During the 1980s Kaplan was the go-between guy for Luchese crime family underboss Anthony Casso and NYPD Detectives Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa. In 2006, Kaplan was released from federal custody and his remaining 18 year sentence for marijuana trafficking was dropped for cooperating in the case against Eppolito and Caracappa. In July 2009, Kaplan died from prostate cancer.
Thomas Ricciardi.
Thomas "Tommy Boy" Ricciardi is a former soldier who is currently in witness protection. Both him and his brother Daniel were associated with the Lucchese family's New Jersey faction before becoming informants. Ricciardi was a member of Michael Taccetta's inner circle and controlled the groups illegal gambling operations. In August 1988, Ricciardi along with his brother Daniel and twenty other members of the New Jersey faction were acquitted in a 21 month trial. On April 18, 1991, Ricciardi was indicted along with Michael Taccetta, Anthony Accetturo, Michael Perna on corrpution charges. On August 13, 1993, they were all convicted of racketeering and both Thomas Ricciardi and Anthony Accetturo agreed to become government witnesses and testified against Taccetta and Perna. On September 6, 2001, Ricciardi was released from prison after serving 10 years, and is now currently in the witness protection program.
Vincent Salanardi.
Vincent "Vinny Baldy" Salanardi is a former soldier who became a government informant. In 2002, Salanardi was indicted along with consigliere Joseph Caridi, capo John Cerrella and others. The group was charged with extorting the "Hudson & McCoy Fish House" restaurant in Freeport, Long Island. He began cooperating with the government, and continued to collect money from a loanshark debt and was dropped from the witness protection program. In March 2006, Salanardi was sentenced to 11 years and three months in prison. Salanardi was released from prison on October 29, 2012.
Frank Suppa.
Frank "Goo Goo" Suppa is a former soldier who is currently in witness protection. Suppa was soldier in the Lucchese family's New Jersey faction operating in Florida as Anthony Accetturo right-hand man. In 1983, Suppa attended a sitdown along with Anthony Accetturo, Michael Taccetta, Thomas Ricciardi and Philadelphia crime family mobsters Jackie DiNorscio and Joseph Alonzo over DiNorscio joining the Lucchese family. In 1993, Suppa was indicted along with others on charges that they conspired to distribute up to 1,650 pounds of cocaine in the United States. In December 1996, Suppa along with his son Anthony Suppa, Joseph Marino, David Deatherage and Steven Cassone testified against Fabio Dicristifaro and Irving Schwartz in the murder case of Joseph Martino. In 1997, Dicristifaro and Schwartz received life sentences, on the testimony of Suppa and the other witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="36856323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856323" title="Scott Flanders">
Scott Flanders

Scott N. Flanders (born December 26, 1956) is an American corporate executive with experience in the media, entertainment and technology industries. He is currently chief executive officer of Playboy Enterprises, Inc., a role he assumed on July 1, 2009.
Education.
Flanders was born on December 26, 1956 in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. He attended the University of Colorado, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics. He later received a Juris Doctor from Maurer School of Law at Indiana University. He is also a C.P.A.
Business career.
Macmillan.
From 1986 to 1998, Flanders was the president of Macmillan Publishers. He joined Macmillan from Que Corp., where he oversaw the sale of the computer book publisher to Macmillan in 1986. In his subsequent 14 years at Macmillan, he established the firm as the world's largest computer book publisher and the first publisher of books about the Internet. The company's revenues increased from $5 million to $500 million under his leadership. The Macmillan name was acquired by Pearson in 1998.
Telstreet.
Between 1998 to 1999, he was co-founder, chairman and chief executive of Telstreet.com, an Indianapolis-based e-commerce company that merged with Buy.com in 2000.
Columbia House Company.
In 1999, Flanders was hired by Sony and Time Warner Inc. to lead the integration of CDNow, an online music retailer, and Columbia House to establish a new public company jointly held by the two CDNow shareholders The merger plans, made public in the fall of 1999, were dissolved in March 2000, with many analysts pointed to the bursting of the dot-com bubble as a factor.
After the dissolution of the merger, Flanders transitioned to the role of Chairman and CEO of Columbia House Company, where he led the company’s turnaround strategy, making several executive changes and transitioning the company from a print customer acquisition model to one dominated by online.
Flanders also led a leveraged buyout of Columbia House by the Blackstone Group. Columbia House was later sold to Bertelsmann in a transaction that closed in July 2005.
Freedom Communications.
His prior work with the Columbia House led Blackstone Group to ask Flanders to join Freedom Communications as the president and chief executive officer, where he spent 2006 to 2009. He also served on Freedom Communications' board of directors during this time and as an independent director for five years before joining the company as its president and CEO. During his board tenure, Freedom recapitalized with two private equity firms, the Blackstone Group and Providence Equity Partners.
Playboy Enterprises.
Flanders is president of the firm during the transformation of Playboy into a brand management company. In March 2011, with financing from private equity firm Rizvi Traverse Management and investment bank Jefferies & Company, Playboy Enterprises went private for $6.15 per share. In the 20 month period between his arrival and the go-private transaction, shareholder earnings increased to $?.??, 2.07 times the stock price at the time of his arrival.

</doc>
<doc id="36856362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856362" title="Jackson Hole (disambiguation)">
Jackson Hole (disambiguation)

Jackson Hole is a valley in the US State of Wyoming.
It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36856368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856368" title="Évelyne Brochu">
Évelyne Brochu

Évelyne Brochu (born November 17, 1982) is a Canadian film, television and theatre actress. Some of her most prominent roles include Chloé in "Inch'Allah", Rose in "Café de Flore", Sara in "Tom at the Farm", and Stéphanie in "Polytechnique". In 2013, she became known for playing Delphine Cormier, a French scientist and love interest of one of the many characters portrayed by fellow Canadian Tatiana Maslany (Cosima) on the hit TV series "Orphan Black."
Early life.
Brochu grew up in Pointe-Claire and was speaking English at an early age. She says a key turning point in learning English was when she became an avid viewer of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air as a child. In 2005, Brochu graduated from Conservatoire d'art dramatique in Montreal, Canada.
Personal life.
Brochu has spoken of her personal life being more public, stating, "I’m not super-comfortable with it. I feel the less you project of yourself the more you can be believable as a character. I also think it’s just better for your own mental health. Then you can be a human being and change your mind and nobody asks you questions about it!" 

</doc>
<doc id="36856369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856369" title="Toombeola">
Toombeola

Toombeola, (Irish language- "Tuaim Beola"), is a village in Connemara, County Galway, Ireland. It is located near the Atlantic Coast, 44 miles west of Galway City, 4 miles east of Roundstone, and 10 miles south east of Clifden. The Village is also known locally as "The Fishery." The Owenmore River of the nearby fishery at Ballynahinch, County Galway, enters the sea at Toombeola Bridge. The Bridge was completed in the early 1830s as part of road improvements in the Connemara area carried out by the Scottish engineer, Alexander Nimmo.
History.
The literal translation of Toombeola is "Tomb of Beola". Beola was an ancient Chieftan in the Connemara area. It is also the site of a Dominican Abbey, St. Patricks, founded in 1427. The Abbey is now in ruins, although the surrounding Cemetery remains in use. The Abbey was built with the help of a local Chieftain of the O' Flaherty Clan ( or gaelic, Ó Flaithbertaigh ), who ruled over the Connemara region until the time of King James II of England. The Abbey was deserted by the Dominican Brothers between 1558 and 1559, during the early reign of Queen Elizabeth I, following an attack by soldiers of the Crown. According to local lore, one of the last known Brothers to serve at the Abbey, Fr. John Tully, swam across the Owenmore River in an effort to escape the attack, but was shot and killed by Soldiers on the other side. Locals buried him at the site of his death, although traces of the grave no longer remain. Stones from the Abbey were used by local Chieftan, "Tadgh na Buile O Flaherty", to build his Castle, located at a small island on Ballynahinch Lake. A dispute over the ownership of the castle, led to a feud between Tadgh na Buile O Flaherty and his cousin Teige Ó Flaithbheartaigh.

</doc>
<doc id="36856378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856378" title="English cricket team in India in 2012–13">
English cricket team in India in 2012–13

The England cricket team toured India from 30 October 2012 to 27 January 2013. The tour consisted of four Test matches, five One Day Internationals and two Twenty20 International matches. A three-day training camp was held from 26 October to 28 October at the International Cricket Council Global Cricket Academy in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, before the tour. The England team returned to the United Kingdom after the Twenty20 series and returned in the new year for the One Day International series. At the conclusion of the tour, the team will travel to New Zealand.
England's 2–1 Test series win was their first series victory in India since the 1984–85 tour. The former England captain Michael Vaughan said that the series victory was bigger than the 2010–11 Ashes series victory in Australia. He said of Alastair Cook that "he has led England to probably their biggest achievement in many, many years".
On 23 December 2012, Sachin Tendulkar announced his retirement from ODI cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="36856389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856389" title="Muhammad al-Imadi">
Muhammad al-Imadi

Muhammad al-‘Imadi ( Dr. Mohammed Imady – الدكتور محمد العمادي) was born in Damascus on August 31, 1930 to Jawdat al-Imadi and Yissra al-Hawasli. Imady is Syrian technocrat who tried to introduce economic reforms at a time when Syria's economy when strongly dominated by the socialist ideology of the Baath party. He served as Deputy Minister of Planning (1968-1972), Minister of State for Planning Affairs (March 1972 - December 1972), Minister of Economy and Foreign Trade (December 1972 - January 1980), Member of Parliament (1977-1981), President of the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development (September 1979 - May 1985), Minister of Economy and Foreign Trade (May 1985 - December 2001), Chair of the Board of Trustees of the International Arab University (2004–present), Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Dar al-Na'im Orphanage (2005–present), and Chairman of the Board of Commissioners of the Syrian Commission on Financial Markets and Securities (February 8, 2006 - February 8, 2014).
Family & Education.
Mohammed Imady was born in Damascus on August 31, 1930 to Jawdat al-Imadi (1882-1958) and Yissra al-Hawasli (1898-1969). The Imadi family can be traced back to Bukhara, and earlier to Hijaz where it claims lineage to Abu Bakr al-Sidiq, the first successor of the Prophet. The first documented evidence of its presence in Damascus starts with the 16th century when Abd al-Rahman al-Imadi (1570-1641) was designated by the Ottoman Sultan as the Grand Mufti of Damascus. Subsequently, six additional descendants of Abd al-Rahman were also designated grand muftis. But by the time Mohammed Imady was born in the early twentieth century, the family's earlier glory had been largely forgotten, and the wealth, previously accumulated through land grants, largely dissipated. Imady studied law at the University of Damascus. In 1955, he was sent on a government scholarship to New York University (NYU) to pursue his higher education in economics. At NYU, he met and married (August 1956) Mildred Elaine Rippey (April 16, 1934) from Palisades NY. Imady received his Phd in 1960 with an honorary distinction and returned with his wife and daughter, Susan Sahar Imady (July 5, 1957), to Damascus.
Early career.
Upon his return to Damascus, Imady joined the Ministry of Planning. By 1968, he had been appointed Deputy Minister of Planning. In the late 1960s, he was asked to teach a course on the Economics of War to several generals, including Hafiz al-Asad. By 1970 he was the Deputy Minister of Planning, but had secured a position in the UN as chief consultant in Libya. His planned departure however coincided with al-Asad's rise to power in November 1970.
The 1970s.
Having made a favorable impression on Asad during the course on the Economics of War, Imady was asked to stay in Syria, and shortly after was appointed the Minister of State for planning Affairs (March 22, 1972), and after a cabinet shift during the same year (December 23, 1972); he was appointed the Minister of Economy and Foreign Trade. The irony of course was that Hafiz al-Asad had chosen a non Bathist technocrat from a sunni Damascene aristocratic family who had not only studied in the US, but was also married to an American, to be his chief economic officer. In 1976, it was Syria’s turn to head the Board of Governors of the International Monetary Fund and the Boards of Governors of the World Bank Group Annual Meetings and Imady, in his capacity as Minister of Economy, chaired this meeting. Imady remained in this position until September 1979, when he was unanimously chosen by the Board of Governors of the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development as the President of this institution. Shortly after being confirmed for another 5 year term, Imady was asked to return to Syria after having been chosen again as Minister of Economy and Foreign Trade (April 8, 1985).
Back in Damascus.
After his return to Damascus, Imady remained the Minister of Economy from April 1985 until December 2001, a total of sixteen years and eight months during which he was clearly the architect of Syria's economic liberalization. In addition to the introduction in 1991 of Investment Law No. 10, Imady is also credited with the stabilization of the value of the Syrian currency. In the first cabinet change after Bashar al-Asad became president (December 13, 2011) Imady was finally replaced by Dr. Ghassan al-Rifa'i.
Professional Activities beyond 2001.
After 2001, Imady worked on three different levels, the establishment of Dar Al-Naím, an orphanage for Syrian children, the establishment of the Arab International University, (Imady has served as its Chair of Board of Trustees since 2004), and the Syrian stock market, (Imady served as Chairman of the Board of Commissioners from February 8, 2006 until February 8. 2014).
Publications.
Imady is the author of several works including, Syria's Experience in Trade Liberalization & Policies of Economic Reform: on the Occasion of the 41st Anniversary of the Damascus International Fair, Damascus, (1994), "Humūm al-tanmiyah: ḥawādith lan ansāhā" (The Trials of Development – Events I won’t forget) 2002, "Sūrīyah wa-masīrat al-takāmul al-iqtiṣādī al-ʻArabī" (Syria & the movement towards Economic Arab Integration) 2003, "Taṭawwur al-fikr al-tanmawī fī Sūrīyah" (The Evolution of Syrian Intellectual Approaches to Development) 2004.
Personal.
Mohammed Imady is known to be a technocrat who never joined the Baath party or any other political organization. He is also known to be committed to his faith (regularly attending Friday prayers), yet liberal in his views. He has three children: Susan Sahar Imady (July 8, 1957), Muna Imady (February 18, 1962), and Omar Imady (July 8, 1966). Imady presently lives in Damascus.

</doc>
<doc id="36856391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856391" title="Muhammad Mandur">
Muhammad Mandur

Muhammad Mandur (1907-1965) was an Egyptian literary critic. His criticism evolved to place an increasing emphasis on social engagement. As well as his own work, Mandur translated work by Georges Duhamel, Alfred de Musset, Flaubert and others from French to Arabic.
Life.
Born in the Egyptian Delta, Muhammad Mandur attended secondary school in Tanta before reading literature and law at the Egyptian University. He was influenced by Taha Husayn, who helped him gain in 1930 a scholarship for further study in Paris; In 1939 he returned to Egypt and was appointed a lecturer at the University of Cairo. In 1942 he was appointed to the literary faculty of the new University of Alexandria, and in 1943 he completed his doctorate with Ahmad Amin as supervisor.
Denied academic promotion, Mandur resigned his university post in 1944 and became an editor of the Wafdist newspaper "al-Misri". Three months later he became chief editor of the party paper "al-Wafd al-misri", until it was charged with communism and shut down in 1946. Manduri becameeditor of another Wafdist daily, "Sawt al-Umma".
Mandur registered as a barrister in 1948 and became an MP for the Wafd Party in 1949. He also began teaching at the Institute of Dramaturgy, keeping this job after political parties were dissolved at the 1952 Revolution.
In 1956 travelled in Rumania and the Soviet Union. In 1962 Mandur was awarded the State Encouragement Prize for Literature. He died in Cairo on May 20, 1965.
Work.
A book of essays, "Fi'l-Mizan al-Jadid" (1944) rapidly established Mandur's reputation as a critic of modern Arabic poetry. The book discussed the use of myth in poetry, and the tone and metres of Arabic poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="36856412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856412" title="The Ruins of Beverast">
The Ruins of Beverast

The Ruins of Beverast is a black metal solo project by ex-Nagelfar member Alexander von Meilenwald.
In 2004, the debut album was released. As of 2013, four studio albums and one compilation have been released.

</doc>
<doc id="36856426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856426" title="MTV Braunschweig">
MTV Braunschweig

Braunschweiger MTV von 1847, commonly known as MTV Braunschweig, is a German sports club based in Braunschweig, Lower Saxony.
History.
MTV Braunschweig was founded as a gymnastics club in 1847 and is the second oldest sports club in Lower Saxony. Originally only open to men, women were allowed to join the club first in 1888. Today MTV is a multi-sports club with departments for association football, athletics, basketball, field hockey, team handball, swimming, table tennis, tennis, volleyball, and others. MTV Braunschweig has been successful in German sports, with the club's athletes having won over 50 national championships in various sports.
Team handball.
MTV's team handball team has traditionally been among the club's most successful. In 1987 MTV was promoted to the 2nd Handball-Bundesliga, the second tier of professional handball in Germany. The stint was a short one, and MTV was relegated again in 1989. Today the club plays in the Verbandsliga Niedersachsen (V).
Football.
MTV's football team was most successful during the years directly after World War II. In 1945 the former first division side Leu Braunschweig was merged into the club. Between 1949 and 1954 MTV Braunschweig then played in the Amateuroberliga Niedersachsen, the second tier of football in Germany at the time. The merger was dissolved in 1954, and the refounded club "SC Leu Braunschweig" took MTV's place in the league. Since then MTV's football team has mostly played in the lower tiers of regional amateur football.
Basketball.
In 1978 the club's basketball section entered into a cooperation with FT Braunschweig to form SG Braunschweig, the predecessor of Basketball Bundesliga team Phantoms Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="36856430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856430" title="2012–13 Missouri State Bears basketball team">
2012–13 Missouri State Bears basketball team

The 2012–13 Missouri State Bears basketball team represented Missouri State University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bears, led by second year head coach Paul Lusk, played their home games at JQH Arena and were members of the Missouri Valley Conference. They finished the season 11–22, 7–11 in MVC play to finish in a three way tie for seventh place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Missouri Valley Tournament to Wichita State.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Costa Rica Foreign Tour
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Missouri Valley Conference Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36856438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856438" title="William Morgan (judoka)">
William Morgan (judoka)

William "Bill" Morgan (born 2 March 1975) is a Canadian judoka who represented Canada in Judo at the 2000, 2004, and 2008 Paralympics. He placed seventh in the -81 kg category, fifth in the -81 kg category, and seventh in the -100 kg category, respectively, and in 2004 and 2008 was Canada's only competitor in Judo. Morgan won bronze at the International Blind Sports World Championships in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36856439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856439" title="Tomislav Šuker">
Tomislav Šuker

Tomislav Šuker is a retired Track and Field Croatian Athlete born 26 April 1940, who competed for Yugoslavia and won a Gold medal in Shot Put at the 1967 Mediterranean Games.
Tomislav Šuker also won the Yugoslavian championship in shot put twice, 1967 and 1968
Tomislav Šuker is father of Davor Šuker, arguably the best Croatian footballer of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="36856452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856452" title="Luka Marić">
Luka Marić

Luka Marić (25 April 1987) is a Croatian football player currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Croatia's Prva HNL.
Born in Pula, in his first professional season for Istra 1961 he collected 19 caps and scored once during the 2011-12 Prva HNL. In mid-2012 he moved to Rijeka.

</doc>
<doc id="36856453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856453" title="Michael Omolewa">
Michael Omolewa

Michael Abiola Omolewa is a Nigerian diplomat, scholar, education historian, and civil servant.
From September 2003 to October 2005, he served as the 32nd president of the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). While president, Omolewa led UNESCO to adopt the International Declaration on Human Genetic Data and the Convention for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage. From January 2000 to August 2009, Omolewa served as permanent delegate and ambassador of Nigeria to UNESCO.
Omolewa is an emeritus professor of adult education at the University of Ibadan. He is a former deputy chair of the governing board of the Commonwealth of Learning in Vancouver, Canada. Omolewa is also a member of the Commonwealth Advisory Council on Teacher Mobility, Recruitment and Migrations in London.
In September 2008, Omolewa was given the President's award for distinguished contribution to world peace and solidarity by Bulgaria's President Georgi Sedefchov Parvanov. Also during 2008, Omolewa was inducted into the University of Oklahoma's International Adult and Continuing Education Hall of Fame.
He is a Board Member of ILI: International Literacy Institute - within Graduate School of Education, established by UNESCO and the University of Pennsylvania: United States of America in 1994; plus Member, Board of Governors: Christ the Redeemer’s College, Sagamu; as well as Deputy Chairman of the Board of Governors: Christ the Redeemer's College, United Kingdom; including being Board of Trustees Member at Babcock University. Omolewa is also on the Editorial Boards of New York based International Journal of Higher Education and Washington D.C. based ASALH: Association for the Study of African American Life and History's Journal of African American History; including Journal of Research in International Education and International Journal of Lifelong Education.
Early life and education.
Childhood and schooling.
At the age of ten, Omolewa's believing father: Daniel Omilusi, a Senior Chief of the Ipoti-Ekiti region of Nigeria, granted some missionaries; including David Babcock - first Adventist missionary to West Africa, permission to spiritually and educationally mentor young Michael, who was born as 11th child in Omilusi's large family; and was brought up with the prestige that Africa gives the son of a village chief or leader.
This move to have him mentored by missionaries gave Omolewa the opportunity to see his future with God given purpose, hope, perseverance, vision and discipline. Born on Tuesday 1 April 1941 in Ipoti-Ekiti, Ekiti State: Nigeria, Omolewa attended Ibadan Grammar School, Ibadan from 1955 to 1958. Subsequently, he schooled at Ekiti Parapo College, Ido-Ekiti from 1959 to 1960; and later went to Christ's School, Ado Ekiti from 1962 to 1963.
Higher studies.
The University of Ibadan was Omolewa's next point of call, from 1964 to 1973. While there, he:
For a year, from September 1975 to September 1976, Omolewa was at Faculty of Education Kings College: University of London. Later on, from September 1983 to September 1984, he studied at Adult Education department of Vancouver, Canada based University of British Columbia - with an October 1983 to November 1983 attachment to Athabasca University. Also, for more studies, UNESCO Institute for Education, Hamburg: West Germany welcomed Omolewa from October to November 1988. From May to June 1991, he took an Advanced Christian Leadership course at Haggai Institute, Singapore.
University years.
Professor Omolewa served as Dean of the Faculty of Education at the University of Ibadan; Nigeria's oldest University, from 1985 to 1987. He was Chairman of the Committee of Deans of Education of Nigerian Universities from 1986 to 1987. Subsequently, from 1987 to 1990, he served as Head of Nigeria's oldest Department of Adult Education; and was reappointed to a second term from 1994 to 1997. During his tenure, the Adult Education Department was awarded the UNESCO International Reading Association Literacy Prize in 1989. He also led his Education Faculty's research team to become runner-up for the UNESCO Institute for Education (UIE) International Literacy Research Award in 1992. From April 1991 to April 1993 Omolewa was Chairman, General Studies Programme University of Ibadan; and from 1979 to 1999, he was Member of Senate at the same University.
Consultancies.
In 1994, Professor Omolewa became a Member of the Nigerian National Commission for UNESCO, and subsequently, the Commission's Chairman of the Education Sector. He was a Consultant on educational issues to the British Council, USAID, UNICEF, World Bank and UNESCO; including being among the team that prepared foundational, background document for the United Nations Literacy Decade.
Ambassador to UNESCO.
Two terms.
In January 2000, President Olusegun Obasanjo first appointed Omolewa to a 5-year term as Permanent Delegate and Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to UNESCO in Paris. Consequently, before he left for France, Omolewa took leave of absence as a professor at University of Ibadan. For his services to Nigeria and humankind worldwide, President Obasanjo, in January 2005, reappointed Omolewa to a second 5-year term as Permanent Delegate and Ambassador of Nigeria - to enable him complete his tenure as President of UNESCO's General Conference - to which he had been earlier elected in September 2003.
Service to Nigeria.
Under Omolewa's servant leadership plus efforts as Ambassador and Permanent Delegate to UNESCO, Nigeria was, in 2007, proposed for 6 additional World Heritage Sites - namely: Arochukwu Long Juju of Aro Confederacy: Igbo Land; Surame Cultural Landscape; Oke Idanre: Idanre Hill; Ogbunike Caves; Ancient Kano City Walls and Associated Sites, Kano and Alok Ikom Stone Monoliths. 
Also, Omolewa facilitated the nomination and inscribing, in July 2005, of Osun Osogbo Sacred Grove as a UNESCO World Heritage Site; as well as UNESCO´s establishment of a Category 2 Institute for African Culture and International Understanding in Abeokuta, Nigeria during April 2009.
President of UNESCO General Conference.
On 29 September 2003, Omolewa, as Ambassador and Permanent Delegate of Nigeria to UNESCO became the first West African to be elected President of the General Conference (GC) of UNESCO for the following two years. The GC of UNESCO is the highest decision making and governing body of that United Nations specialized agency.
Accordingly, the General Conference consists of representatives of the 195 States Members of UNESCO and 8 Associates. The GC meets every 2 years; and is attended by Member States and Associate Members, together with observers for non-Member States, intergovernmental organizations and NGOs: non-governmental organizations. Each country has one vote, irrespective of its size or the extent of its contribution to the budget of UNESCO. 
The General Conference of UNESCO determines the policies and the main areas of work of the Organization. Its duty is to establish programmes and budget of UNESCO. It also elects members of the Executive Board of UNESCO and appoints, every four years, the Director-General of UNESCO. The working languages of UNESCO´s General Conference are: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
Honours and awards.
Omolewa has the following recognitions, awards, prizes and honours:

</doc>
<doc id="36856454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856454" title="Mlele District">
Mlele District

Mlele District is one of the two districts of the Katavi Region of Tanzania. 
Mlele District was formed in 2012 out of part of Mpanda District.
Administrative subdivisions.
Mlele District is administratively divided into twenty-three wards: 

</doc>
<doc id="36856461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856461" title="Maine State Route 207">
Maine State Route 207

State Route 207 (SR 207) is a short state highway through the town of Scarborough, Maine. It connects Center Scarborough to the coastline at Prouts Neck. For its entire length, it is called Black Point Road. The entire route is in Cumberland County. Though it physically runs north and south, it is signed east–west.

</doc>
<doc id="36856484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856484" title="Those Who Dance (1924 film)">
Those Who Dance (1924 film)

Those Who Dance is a 1924 American silent drama film produced by Thomas H. Ince and directed by Lambert Hillyer. Released by Associated First National, the film stars Blanche Sweet, Bessie Love, and Warner Baxter. It is based on a story by George Kibbe Turner.
Warner Bros. later inherited First National in a merger and remade the film in 1930 as "Those Who Dance" which exists at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="36856489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856489" title="Emma Hollis (swimmer)">
Emma Hollis (swimmer)

Emma Hollis (born 20 January 1992 in Epping) is a Paralympic swimmer who is set to compete for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She began swimming at age 4 on doctor's advice and made her international debut in 2009. Aside from swimming she is studying geography at Loughborough University. Both her and her brother James, who is also competing in swimming, have osteogenesis imperfecta.

</doc>
<doc id="36856490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856490" title="Liquid Force">
Liquid Force

Liquid Force is a manufacturer based in the USA, focusing on wakeboard related products and clothing. The company also has a wakeskating, wakesurfing and kiteboarding division besides the wakeboard and clothing programme.
Liquid Force now counts as one of the leading manufacturers in the wakeboard related products and clothing market.
Besides manufacturing wakeboard related products and clothing, the company sponsors numerous events and athletes to promote the sport.
Liquid Force was founded in 1995 by Tony Finn and Jimmy Redmon, both pioneers in the sport of wakeboarding. Its headquarters are located in Encinitas, California.
History.
1985–1994.
In 1985 the future founders of Liquid Force Tony Finn and Jimmy Redmon separately looked for alternatives to waterskiing and surfing.
Tony Finn created the so-called „skurfer“ which had a similar shape to a surfboard but was much shorter.
At the same time Jimmy Redmon came up with a water ski board which was produced by his own company Redline Designs. On contrary to the „skurfer“ the water ski board was a bit lighter and the first to have foot straps.
Founding the World Wakeboard Association (WWA), a governing body for the sport, Redmon created several contests, where Finn worked as an announcer resulting in the two crossing paths several times.
1991 Waketech.
Being rivals at first they soon became aware of each others' strengths which led to the establishment of their own firm, Waketech, with the help of an investor.
In 1993 Waketech produced the Flight 69, the first twin-tip board with a symmetrical design, an innovation on the wakeboard market allowing riders to ride with either their left or right foot forward. Hence the new design was superior to the one pointed tip boards resulting in their team riders claiming titles at a wakeboard contest.
In spite of their influence changing the sport of wakeboarding, Tony Finn and Jimmy Redmon had to deal with a setback. They had trouble with their investor and the two faced the end of Waketech.
1995 - present Liquid Force.
In 1995 three weeks before the World Championships Finn and Redmon founded a new firm called Liquid Force. Just in time for the Championships the two were able to present their new brand for the first time to the public by providing their team riders with Liquid Force Wakeboards and outfits . The company has won the WSIA Manufacturer of the Year award in 2005 and 2008. In 2008 Liquid Force bought Straight Line manufacturer of wakeboard and water ski ropes from the Yoshida Group.
Sponsorship.
Liquid Force is an active international sports and events sponsor. In order to promote the sport Liquid Force sponsors a variety of initiatives throughout the year for example The Monster Energy Triple Crown and others. Furthermore the company is constantly increasing its team of riders from countries all over the world such as USA, Germany, Argentina and Thailand.
Events.
Besides sponsoring numerous initiatives, Liquid Force has been starting to launch its own events. Its main events are BROstock, BBQ BROdown and the Free For All Cable Tour, which is taking place in several cable park locations in the nation where people can learn to wakeboard for free.

</doc>
<doc id="36856510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856510" title="The Four (film)">
The Four (film)

The Four is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun. It is the first film adaptation of Wen Ruian's novel series "Si Da Ming Bu" (四大名捕; "The Four Great Constables"), which has previously been adapted to a television series. In all adaptations and interpretations, the nicknames of the Four remained the same — Emotionless, Iron Hands, Life Snatcher and Cold Blood. They dedicated their special skills to the service of their chief, Master Zhuge, in solving crimes and apprehending powerful criminals.
The film is the first in an announced trilogy, the second instalment of which started shooting in 2012. "The Four II" was released on December 6, 2013.
Plot.
The movie is set during the reign of Emperor Huizong in the late Northern Song Dynasty. The government department known as the "Department Six" customarily has full jurisdiction over all criminal investigations in the imperial capital. Department Six is well-staffed and operates in a highly disciplined manner. Their chief, Commandant Liu, ranks the investigators by clearance rate and dangles the prospect of an operator to be named one of the "Great Four".
The story begins with the country experiencing a significant increase in circulation of counterfeit coin currency, leading to growing unrest and instability. Official investigators from the Department Six, acting on a tip-off, rush in full force to apprehend a suspect who is trying to sell a coin die stolen from the imperial mint, only to find the suspect and the evidence being taken into custody by agents of a hitherto unknown secret service, known as the Divine Constabulary, which is commissioned by the Emperor himself.
This arouses jealousy in Commandant Liu, who openly fires Cold Blood, one of his best men. Liu secretly orders Cold Blood to infiltrate the Divine Constabulary to find a way to bring down the rival agency. Liu is unaware that his own establishment has been infiltrated by double-agents dispatched by the mastermind behind the counterfeit currency.
Despite being aware of Cold Blood's true mission, the chief of the Divine Constabulary seeks out Cold Blood and welcomes him into the agency. Once inside, Cold Blood is surprised to observe that the Divine Constabulary staff live and work together more like a family than a highly formalised professional security force. Despite their small size, the Constabulary works efficiently and effectively through a few individuals with very specialised skills which are useful in solving crimes. Cold Blood finds his loyalties divided, and things are made harder as he becomes tangled in a love triangle with two girls, one from each agency.
Production.
"The Four" features characters from a continuing series of wuxia novels by Malaysian Chinese writer Wen Ruian. The novels have been adapted for some television series in Hong Kong, Taiwan and China, including ATV's "The Undercover Agents" and TVB's "The Four". Gordon Chan had started shooting the film by April 2011.
Release.
"The Four" was released in China and Hong Kong on 12 July 2012. In Hong Kong, the film premiered at 5th place at the weekend box office grossing HK$125,607. The film grossed a total of $252,829 in Hong Kong.
Reception.
The Chinese newspaper "Global Times" stated that "Most critics lambasted heroes of "The Four"...for being too similar to those in Marvel Comics' X-Men." and referred to the film as "a poor imitation with Chinese characteristics of "X-Men" (2000), "Van Helsing" (2004) or "Resident Evil" (2002) garnished with kung fu." "Film Business Asia" gave the film a five out of ten rating, stating that "The Four" "isn't exactly boring — thanks to the crowded plot and cast — but just very average, with no real tension, drama or thrills."

</doc>
<doc id="36856540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856540" title="Mato Miloš">
Mato Miloš

Mato Miloš (born 30 June 1993) is a Croatian football former player for HNK Rijeka in Croatia's Prva HNL and currently playing for Siena in Italy's Serie B (professional Italian second division).
Born in Pula, he went through the ranks of his hometown club NK Jadran Poreč, before moving to NK Rijeka, aged 14. He got his first cap for Rijeka at the age of 17, during the 2010-11 Prva HNL. He has also had 3 caps for Croatia under-19 team, including a cap at the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. In early 2013, he was loaned to Cibalia.

</doc>
<doc id="36856547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856547" title="Katavi Region">
Katavi Region

Katavi Region is one of Tanzania's 30 administrative regions. The regional capital is Mpanda.
In March 2012, shortly after the Katavi Region was created, Dr. Rajab Mtumwa Rutengwe was appointed Katavi Regional Commissioner. He was formerly the Mpanda District Commissioner.
Districts.
The region is administratively divided into two districts:

</doc>
<doc id="36856552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856552" title="Historical polling for U.S. Presidential elections">
Historical polling for U.S. Presidential elections

The Gallup Organization was the first polling organization to conduct accurate opinion polling for U.S. Presidential elections. Gallup polling has often been accurate in predicting the outcome of U.S. Presidential elections and the margin of victory for the election winner. However, there were some close elections that it missed, such as 1948, 1976, 2004, the popular vote in 2000, and the likely voter numbers in 2012. The Month section in the tables represents the month that the opinion poll was conducted in. D stands for the United States Democratic Party, while R stands for the United States Republican Party. There were also some third parties included in some of these polls, such as the Dixiecrats and the Reform Party.
United States presidential election, 1936.
The Literary Digest famously predicted that Alf Landon would win based on mail in card from their readers. It had successfully predicted the winners of the elections in 1920, 1924, 1928 and 1932, so many people believed their forecasts. 
George Gallup predicted very different results based on statistical random sampling. The accuracy of Gallup's forecasts was a very visible demonstration of the value of modern statistical methods. The people who mailed in cards to the Literary Digest were more affluent with an overwhelmingly negative evaluation of Roosevelt. They were not representative of the voting public, and it showed in the results. 
Incumbent President Roosevelt won because his New Deal programs were very popular among the American people, apart from the respondents to the Literary Digest poll. The Republican nominee Alf Landon claimed that the new deal was too costly and ineffective, as well as that FDR was slowly making the U.S. a dictatorship. However, these attacks did not gain much traction.
United States presidential election, 1940.
Throughout this campaign, Roosevelt promised that he would not bring the United States into any new wars if he was given another term and also promised to continue the New Deal. Willkie attacked FDR for seeking a third term and accused FDR of trying to turn the U.S. into a dictatorship by refusing to leave office. However, Willkie's attacks gained little traction, and FDR consistently led in all the polls and was reelected by a large margin.
United States presidential election, 1944.
FDR also actively campaigned in this election against his doctors' advice in order to counter Republican claims that he was close to death. FDR maintained a consistent (albeit sometimes narrow) lead in the polls at all times and won a solid victory in this election due to the American successes in World War II and Roosevelt's popularity.
United States presidential election, 1948.
Incumbent President Harry Truman's popularity was low at the end of 1946. However, he was able to regain his popularity by attacking the "Do-Nothing" Republican Congress of 1947-1948 and tying Dewey to it, and by energizing certain segments of the Democratic base through various actions such as ending segregation in the U.S. military and recognizing Israel. Gallup, and other polling organizations, failed to identify Truman's comeback and to predict his victory in the 1948 election.
United States presidential election, 1952.
Dissatisfaction with the Korean War, corruption, and the threat of Communism (K1c2) allowed popular World War II hero general Dwight Eisenhower to win the election in a huge landslide after consistently leading in the polls, mostly by large margins.
United States presidential election, 1956.
After consistently leading in the polls by huge margins, popular incumbent President Dwight Eisenhower was easily reelected due to the economic prosperity at home and ending the Korean War abroad.
United States presidential election, 1960.
The polls throughout this election always indicated a very close race. Incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon initially led in the polls, but then suffered some problems (a poor image in the first television debate, a knee injury which prevented him from campaigning) which caused John F. Kennedy to take the lead in the polls for most of the campaign. In the end JFK won an extremely narrow victory over Nixon.
United States presidential election, 1964.
Incumbent President Lyndon Johnson always maintained a huge lead in the polls due to massive popular sympathy following the JFK assassination, a good economy, lack of severe foreign problems, and an effective campaign to portray Goldwater as a dangerous, out-of-touch extremist. Johnson won the election in a huge landslide as well.
United States presidential election, 1968.
This campaign was always close according to the polls, but after the tumultuous 1968 Democratic Convention and the riots near it, Nixon was able to establish a lead and consistently maintain it throughout the campaign. American Independent candidate George Wallace ran in opposition to civil rights and in support of segregation and thus got a lot of support in the South. Humphrey began catching up to Nixon in the polls late in the campaign but he ran out of time and Nixon won a narrow victory in the election itself.
United States presidential election, 1972.
Incumbent U.S. President Richard Nixon was always able to maintain a huge lead over Democratic challenger George McGovern due to the economic recovery following the 1969-1970 recession and due to successfully portraying McGovern as a foreign policy lightweight and as a social radical ("amnesty, abortion, and acid"). McGovern's campaign was also hurt by him having to change Vice Presidential candidates in the middle of the campaign, causing many people to question his judgement.
United States presidential election, 1976.
Challenger Jimmy Carter was able to open up a huge lead over incumbent President Gerald Ford due to dissatisfaction with Watergate, Ford's pardon of Richard Nixon, and the sluggish economy. Ford managed to close the gap near the end of the campaign by having some good debate performances (among other things). However, Ford was hurt by his comment saying that there was no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe and he ran out of time to close the polling gap with Carter, thus allowing Carter to pull off a narrow victory on election day.
United States presidential election, 1980.
Incumbent President Jimmy Carter initially had a huge lead in the polls, due to the rally-around-the flag effect of the Iranian hostage crisis and the perceived extremism of Reagan. The continuing hostage crisis and the poor economy hurt Carter, and the prospect John B. Anderson running as an independent appealed to around 20% of Americans who saw Carter as a lesser evil to Reagan. As a result, Anderson took a third of Carter's support in the spring, but did not seem to hurt Reagan, despite Anderson being a Republican. Carter would never recover this loss of support, while Reagan would end up peeling around two-thirds of initial Anderson voters. This race remained close until near the end, when Reagan asked Americans if they were better off than they were four years ago. Afterwards Reagan managed to win a huge landslide victory in the general election.
United States presidential election, 1984.
Incumbent President Ronald Reagan led in all pre-election polls and was able to secure an easy victory over Democratic opponent Walter Mondale due to the improving economy and falling unemployment rate.
United States presidential election, 1988.
Initially Democrat Michael Dukakis was able to open a huge lead in the polls. However, Vice President Bush's campaign successfully portrayed Dukakis as soft on crime and also used the good economy, Reagan's popularity, and his no new taxes pledge to close the gap with Dukakis in the polls and eventually open up a huge lead over Dukakis. Bush ended up winning the general election by a landslide.
United States presidential election, 1992.
In the spring and early summer, the polls fluctuated with incumbent President Bush and Reform challenger Ross Perot trading the lead in the polls. However, Perot withdrew from the race in July and Clinton was able to open up a consistent lead in the polls from July onward by blaming Bush for the poor economy and promising that he'll fix it (the economy, stupid). Perot returned to the race in September but was never able to recapture all his previous support and Clinton ended up winning the general election by a comfortable margin.
United States presidential election, 1996.
Incumbent President Bill Clinton held a comfortable lead in the polls throughout this entire election cycle due to the good economy and stable international situation. Clinton ended up winning the general election by a landslide.
United States presidential election, 2000.
This election was close throughout the whole campaign since Gore was able to use the good economy to his advantage while being hurt by perceptions of him being still, charismatic, and unlikable. The Lewinsky scandal also might have hurt Gore and helped Bush in the polls among voters who were concerned about moral values. Finally, Gore was hurt by his refusal to campaign with incumbent President Bill Clinton, which could have turned out more Democrats to vote. In the end Gore won the popular vote but very narrowly lost Florida, the electoral vote, and the election.
United States presidential election, 2004.
This election was close throughout the entire campaign. Dissatisfaction with the Iraq War and with a sluggish economy helped Kerry. However, Bush accused Kerry of flip-flopping and the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth accused Kerry of being unpatriotic. In the end, Bush managed to pull off a narrow victory in the general election.
United States presidential election, 2008.
The campaign was close throughout the spring and summer, with Obama and McCain both trading leads. The U.S. economy went into a recession in December 2007, but initially Obama was hurt in the polls due to weak support from Hillary Clinton supporters. The Republicans also attacked Obama for being inexperienced, and McCain got a temporary bump in the polls after he picked Sarah Palin to be his Vice Presidential nominee. However, the financial crisis (which started in mid-September 2008) and doubts about Palin's qualifications to be President allowed Obama to open up a consistent and comfortable lead in the polls in the beginning of October. Obama won the general election by a comfortable margin.
United States presidential election, 2012.
Early on, Barack Obama and his campaign aired negative attack ads hammering Republican challenger Mitt Romney as an out-of-touch, plutocratic, wealthy job destroyer, from his days as a corporate CEO at Bain Capital. Romney bounced back in the polls against the incumbent after strong performances in the primaries, and because the economy was still recovering from the 2007-2009 recession.
In April, after Obama publicly expressed his support of same-sex marriage, and a story of Romney bullying a kid in high school perceived to be gay was published, Obama took larger leads in the polls, however Romney and the GOP attacked Obama for falsely saying the economy was doing well, for welfare waivers, and also China's unfair trade practices. Throughout much of the summer, May, July, and August, with the exception of June, the polls stayed close, as Romney made several "gaffes" on a foreign trip to Europe and Israel while visiting that month during the time of the 2012 Summer Olympics. After the conventions, it was clear that Obama had the lead, as he led in all polls from every major publication. However, after a poor showing in the first debate, Romney took the lead and had the polls tied in early October, up to mid October.
From mid-October onward, the Democrats regained their momentum. Obama won re-election by a relatively close margin in the popular vote, but by a large margin in the Electoral College.

</doc>
<doc id="36856559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856559" title="Kerwin House">
Kerwin House

Kerwin House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36856593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856593" title="Judge J. C. Kerwin House">
Judge J. C. Kerwin House

The Judge J. C. Kerwin House, at 516 E. Forest Ave. in Neenah, Wisconsin, United States, was built in 1885. It is a Queen Anne house and was a work of Ernest F. Wieckert. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36856594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856594" title="Cyclocephala borealis">
Cyclocephala borealis

The northern masked chafer ("Cyclocephala borealis") is a beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. It is native to North America, where it is considered a crop pest.
Distribution.
This species is native to North America, and specimens have been collected from Maine to California and as far south as Alabama.
Description and life cycle.
Adult northern masked chafers are 11 to 14 mm long and 6 to 7 mm wide. They are a dull yellow brown with darker markings on the head and eyes, and their thoraxes and wing covers are hairy. The larvae eat plant roots and other matter near the soil surface. The adults do not feed.
The life cycle of the beetle usually begins with the emergence of adults starting in mid-June. Males come to the surface of the soil after sunset, before the females emerge. After emerging from the soil the unmated females climb a blade of grass and begin to release a sex pheromone to attract males. Multiple males will sometimes crowd a female releasing such pheromones, but only one will successfully copulate after having clasped the female with his forelegs, which feature an enlarged fifth tarsal segment for this purpose. This activity will continue until a few hours before sunrise at which point the males and females disperse. Mated individuals fly at night, males staying within around 60 cm of the ground while females will fly higher. Both sexes are strongly attracted to light. After mating females will dig 10 to 15 cm into the soil and lay a clutch of 11 to 14 pearly white oval eggs, each 1.7 mm long. With sufficient soil moisture eggs will swell in the first eight days to 2.1 mm in diameter, becoming nearly spherical. The eggs hatch within in 14 to 18 days at temperatures of 70 to 75 degrees F. The resultant larvae are 4.5 mm long. They move to the soil surface to begin feeding on roots and other organic matter. Under ideal conditions the larvae grow rapidly, up to 22–25 mm when maturing as third instars. Third instars are common by September. As temperatures begin to fall in autumn the larvae begin to dig down into the soil up to 30 cm to hibernate. From late-April to May the larvae which have survived winter return to the surface to feed, moving to down again in late-May to early-June to pupate. Prior to pupating a larva will void its gut and the abdomen becomes very translucent. Forming within the old exoskeleton, which splits down the middle, the 17 mm long pupa will take about 17 days to mature, gradually changing from creamy white to reddish-brown.
"C. borealis" males were found to mate freely with females of the species "Cyclocephala immaculata", which has morphologically indistinguishable larvae, in a laboratory. The resultant eggs appeared to develop normally; however, fully formed larvae never emerged from them.
Economic significance.
Northern masked chafers are considered a common pest of turf and cereal crops from New England to Illinois. Most damage to turf occurs in September and October and again in spring.
This beetle is recognized as being edible to humans.
Taxonomy.
"C. borealis" was first described by Hermann Burmeister as "Cyclocephala villosa". As another species from Bolivia had already been given that name it was renamed "borealis" by Gilbert John Arrow.

</doc>
<doc id="36856599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856599" title="Trap God">
Trap God

Trap God is a mixtape by American rapper Gucci Mane, released on October 17, 2012. The mixtape was announced on July 31, 2012, with no release date notified. However, on August 8, Gucci announced that October 17, 2012, would be the date of the release. The mixtape features major guest appearances from Rick Ross, Waka Flocka Flame, Meek Mill, Future, T-Pain, Kevin McCall, Trae Tha Truth, Kirko Bangz, and Birdman, as well as up and coming rapper Young Scooter who is featured on 6 of the tracks.
Background.
On September 19, 2012, the first song was released in promotion of the mixtape titled "Fuck The World" featuring Future. On October 4, 2012, the music video was released for "Head Shots" featuring Rick Ross. On October 8, 2012, the music video was released for "Money Habits" featuring Young Scooter. On October 12, 2012, the music video was released for "Get Lost" featuring Birdman. On October 13, 2012, the music video was released for "Truth". On October 15, 2012, the music video was released for "Dead Man" featuring Young Scooter and Trae tha Truth. On October 17, 2012, the music video was released for "Fuck The World" featuring Future. On October 31, 2012, the music video was released for "Crazy" featuring Waka Flocka Flame. On November 7, 2012, the music video was released for "Gas and Mud". On February 20, 2013, the music video was released for "Shooter" featuring Young Scooter and Yung Fresh.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Trap God" was met with generally favorable reviews from music critics. Calvin Stovall of BET gave the mixtape four out of five stars, saying "Trap God doesn't necessarily cement Radric Davis’ legacy, but it certainly proves that he is capable of standing alongside his peers as an MC and a businessman. His Bricksquad 1017 Empire is one of the most respected independent labels around since the emergence of Waka Flocka Flame." Miles Raymer of Pitchfork Media gave the mixtape a 7.2 out of ten, saying "Trap God has the lyrics and the punchline frequency (as well as the nasally congested, marble-mouthed flow), but it's short on the trademark Gucci vocal tics. In fact, sometimes it seems like there isn't enough Gucci in general-- not counting the brief "Intro", there are only four tracks that don't feature a guest rapper or singer, and three of them come in the back half of the record." Edwin Ortiz of HipHopDX said "If there were any reason to praise Trap God, it would come by way of Gucci’s collaborators. “That’s That” is a catchy, upbeat cut courtesy of Kevin McCall, while “Crazy” displays a surprisingly focused Waka Flocka Flame and Drumma Boy’s menacing production. With 808 Mafia suitably simulating Lex Luger’s sound, “Get Money Nigga” is the closest the project gets to solid execution as Meek Mill spearheads the record with his animated delivery. In retrospect, this is a similar formula utilized on his last mixtape I’m Up, which featured a Rap-stacked deck to masked Gucci Mane’s weaknesses."

</doc>
<doc id="36856608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856608" title="Dan Upperco">
Dan Upperco

Dan Upperco (born May 23, 1963) is a corporate executive, entrepreneur, and former American football tight end for the Los Angeles Raiders of the National Football League. He signed as a free agent in 1985 after achieving All-Ivy League honors 3 years running at Columbia University.
High school career.
Three sports letterman at William R. Boone High School in Orlando, Florida playing football, basketball and competed in track and field. In basketball was first team All-Metro Conference and in football played tight end and defensive end making the All-State team playing in the 1981 Sunshine State Game, was chosen first team to the All-Metro Conference and All-Central Florida squads, MVP of his high school football team and school Hall of Fame.
Professional Sports Career.
Upperco signed with the Oakland Raiders franchise which at the time was located in Los Angeles. He played during the pre-season and had a knee injury against the Dallas Cowboys sidelining him for the rest of the 1985 season. He served as a two-term Vice President and one term as Treasurer for the National Football League Retired Players Association – Tri-State Chapter.
Business career.
Currently, Senior Vice President at Mubadala Development Company, the strategic investment arm of the government of Abu Dhabi, $48 billion of assets under management and revenue of $7.6 billion for 2011. Roles for Mubadala include Chief Financial Officer of a multi-million dollar global facilities management, development and infrastructure company and Senior Vice President roles in the company’s Aerospace ($1.6 billion / $3.5 billion assets) and Real Estate & Hospitality ($450 million revenue / $3 billion assets) Business Units.
Business career includes corporate, Wall Street and entrepreneurial positions at MTB Banking Corporation, AT&T, Alcatel-Lucent, Bell Laboratories, Cares Built, Avaya Business Solutions, Virgin Mobile USA and Financial Recovery Services.

</doc>
<doc id="36856631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856631" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit (LC 1–2/CP 4)">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit (LC 1–2/CP 4)

The Women's individual pursuit (LC 1-2/CP 4) event at the Summer Paralympics took place on September 10 at the Laoshan Velodrome.
Preliminaries.
Q = Qualifier
WR = World Record

</doc>
<doc id="36856654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856654" title="Raimonds">
Raimonds

Raimonds is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36856684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856684" title="František Pála">
František Pála

František Pála (born 28 March 1944) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia.
Career.
The Czechoslovak player took part in 15 Davis Cup ties for his national team, the first in 1966. At a tie in Barcelona in 1972, Pala had a win over Manuel Orantes. Earlier that year, in a tie against Sweden, Pala defeated Björn Borg, although the Swede was only 15 at the time. In all he played 25 rubbers, of which he won 15, all but one of them in singles. He later served as Czechoslovak Davis Cup captain.
Pala, who won the Czechoslovakian Championships in 1973, played in the singles draw of 18 Grand Slam tournaments and made the third round three times, at the 1970 French Open, 1972 French Open and 1972 Wimbledon Championships.
He had his best year on the tennis circuit in 1972, when he was a finalist at Monte Carlo and Madrid, losing both matches to Ilie Năstase. As a doubles player he was able to reach three finals and won one of them, the 1977 BMW Open.

</doc>
<doc id="36856704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856704" title="Burnham Hoyt">
Burnham Hoyt

Burnham Hoyt (1887-1960) was an architect in Denver, Colorado.
He practiced as an architect during 1919-1955, and worked during his career as an architect with Denver architects Kidder and Wieger, with New York City architects George Post and Bertram Goodhue, and during 1919-1933 with his Denver-based brother Merrill Hoyt as Hoyt and Hoyt. He practiced alone during 1936-1955. In 1953 he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution as appears in sources):

</doc>
<doc id="36856714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856714" title="Three perfections">
Three perfections

Three perfections is the gathering of poets, calligraphers and painter to create an artwork in ancient China. The resulting product would be a painting that would include the work of a calligrapher to write a poem.
Legend holds that the Tang dynasty poets Du Fu and Li Bai were the first to introduce the combination of painting and poetry into one artwork. Several hundred years later, Su Shi, a poet and painter, promoted the use of poetry and painting together. Instruction of artists at the Northern Song Imperial Painting Academy included the integration of poetry and painting. As a result of the prevalence of the merged arts into the "Three perfections" a common expression emerged, the "soundless poem" to describe how one might experience a painting.

</doc>
<doc id="36856723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856723" title="Ivan Mance">
Ivan Mance

Ivan Mance was a Croatian football goalkeeper. Born in Rijeka, in his first professional season he played for Varteks during the 2003-04 Prva HNL, where he had spent the first three years of his professional career. He then moved on to lower Croatian divisions, before moving to Rijeka in 2008. After two seasons with Rijeka, he had a short stint in Israel, with Maccabi Petah Tikva, before returning to Croatia, where he had a season with Istra 1961, before returning to Rijeka in 2012. In late 2013, he announced retirement and assumed a management position in HNK Rijeka.

</doc>
<doc id="36856822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856822" title="Chinese Muslim Cultural and Fraternal Association">
Chinese Muslim Cultural and Fraternal Association

The Chinese Muslim Cultural and Fraternal Association (CMCFA; ) is an Islamic organisation in Hong Kong, with around 250,000 members. The group currently operates five different schools in Hong Kong.
History.
The association was founded in 1922 at 7 Chan Tong Lane, Wan Chai. It was then incorporated as a charity organisation in 1963.
Activities.
The association not only conduct religious activities related to the Chinese Muslims, but they also manage and maintain six non-profit schools: one college, two primary schools and three kindergartens.

</doc>
<doc id="36856863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856863" title="Artsy (website)">
Artsy (website)

Artsy is a free online platform designed to connect users to art. Artsy's search engine and database draw connections and map relationships among works of art.  Led by Carter Cleveland, computer science graduate from Princeton and son of art historian and collector David Cleveland and Sebastian Cwilich, former executive of Christie's and Haunch of Venison director Artsy aims “to create an educational, engaging resource for people to explore and discover art."
Artsy is backed by a group of investors, including Eric Schmidt, Wendi Murdoch, Dasha Zhukova, Joshua Kushner, Thrive Capital, Peter Thiel, Jack Dorsey, Jim Breyer, Keith Rabois, David Tisch, Chris Dixon, Charlie Cheever, Dave Morin, and David Kidder. John Elderfield, former chief curator at New York’s Museum of Modern Art serves as Artsy’s senior advisor and Larry Gagosian and Marc Glimcher, president of Pace Gallery, are advisors.
History.
Carter Cleveland founded Artsy during his senior year at Princeton University and worked on the site from his dorm room.  Cleveland’s goal for Artsy is for the site "to be the place where every single user in the world goes to discover art online."  In May 2010, Artsy participated in the New York City conference, TechCrunch Disrupt, where they competed in the Startup Battlefield and received the Yahoo! Rookie Award!  A year later, the team demo'd Artsy at the Beyeler Foundation at Art Basel (June 15, 2011).  In July 2012, Christine Kuan, former Chief Curatorial Officer and Vice President for External Affairs at ARTstor, joined Artsy as Chief Curator and Director of Strategic Partnerships to oversee museum and institutional partnerships and curate Artsy’s online collection.
Website.
, Artsy's website has over 100,000 users.
Artsy current features over 21,000 works on its site. Those for sale on Artsy range in price from $150 to $3 million. 
The business model is commission-based where gallery partners pay Artsy a sales commission that averages 3% of the sales price.  Artsy operates on an honor system, relying on the galleries to report the sale.
The Art Genome Project.
Artsy is powered by The Art Genome Project — "an ongoing study of the characteristics that distinguish and connect works of art."  A collaboration between art historians and engineers, The Art Genome Project draws upon art-historical scholarship and artificial intelligence to assign values to artwork based on over 1211 characteristics or "genes."  These genes ranges from color to "Content: Private of Personal Space" to period to "Technique: Documentary Photography" to "Group Portrait."  The Art Genome Project aims to help users uncover works of art based on personal taste and preference to facilitate education and discovery of art. Matthew Israel serves as the Director of The Art Genome Project.
Financial.
Artsy initially raised around $160,000 in seed funding.  In November 2010, Artsy raised an additional $1.25 million in funding in an investment round led by Joshua Kushner and in November of the following year, raised $6 million Series A from Peter Thiel, Thrive Capital, Wendi Murdoch, and Dasha Zhukova.
Reception.
According to "Wired", Artsy "has the potential to introduce each buyer to a wide range of artists and artworks, all of them related in some way and—this is key—most of them unknown and otherwise inaccessible to any but the most knowledgeable connoisseurs."
Criticism around The Art Genome Project centers on "“its classification system, which rubs some artists the wrong way. 'I don't think what I am doing has anything to do with Cindy Sherman,' says British artist Jonathan Smith after being told the site links his work to hers via a staged-photography gene. 'That sounds like something a programmer would think of.'" Also, "there's the issue of whether art can be properly represented on the Web. "'There is something sensual about a visual object that doesn't translate online,"' says New York City--based collector Niel Frankel." 
Numerous publications, including "Wired", "The New York Observer", "Vogue", and "The Wall Street Journal" have written articles on Artsy.
Carter Cleveland was listed in BLOUINARTINFO’s The 30-and-Under Crowd: The Art World’s Most Influential Young Figures of 2012.
Artsy received the "Rookie Disruptor Award" in 2010 and was listed in "Forbes"’ "Names you Need to Know" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36856877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856877" title="Allen International Junior College">
Allen International Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="36856899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36856899" title="Navajoe, Oklahoma">
Navajoe, Oklahoma

Navajoe is a ghost town in Jackson County, Oklahoma, United States, located eight miles east and four miles north of Altus at the base of the Navajo Mountains.
Name.
According to local lore, the town took its name from the nearby Navajo Mountains, where, in the mid-1800s, Comanches annihilated a band of Navajos who were on a raid to steal Comanche horses. In those times, the Comanches and their close allies, the Kiowas, were constantly in conflict with the Navajos, and such long distance raids across the Texas Panhandle by the warring tribes were not uncommon. Quanah Parker, the renowned Comanche chief, gave a detailed account of an essentially identical failed Navajo raid, in 1848 or 1849, against his village on Elk Creek, just north of the mountains. Given that such raid on Quanah's village occurred at the same time and in the same place with the same results, it was quite likely the raid that gave the mountains their name.
History.
In 1886, when the area was still claimed as Greer County, Texas, W.H. Acers and H. P. Dale opened a general store at the site that was to become Navajoe. The location was intended to take advantage of its proximity to the nearby Western Cattle Trail and the Indian Reservation at Fort Sill. In 1887, the town got its start when "Buckskin Joe" Works, a colorful Texas land promoter made his appearance at a Fourth of July picnic attended by area settlers, cowhands and a contingent of Comanche braves led by Quanah Parker. During the festivities, it was agreed to lay out an eighty acre town site. Buckskin Joe was to receive one-half of the lots in return for his promotion of the town and adjacent area, which he accomplished through his Texas-Oklahoma Colony, the "Emigrant Guide" and well publicized excursions for prospective settlers.
Also in 1887, the town received a post office designated as "Navajoe" to avoid confusion with Navajo, Arizona. In that same year, a Baptist church was organized, the first Protestant church in what would become Oklahoma Territory. In 1888, Navajoe School opened.
Soon, more than 200 families had settled in and around Navajoe. The town became a trade center for the area's settlers, cowhands and Indians. In addition to the post office, school and churches, it had grocery stores, hardware stores, saloons, a general store, a blacksmith shop, a confectionery, a dry goods store, a wagon yard, a hotel and a cotton gin. To travel from the reservation to the town, the Kiowas rode around the north side of the mountains over the Kiowa Trail, and the Comanches came around the south side over the Comanche Trail.
A typical frontier town, Navajoe had its share of gunfights and outlaw activity. In 1891, a Kiowa uprising, resulting from the killing of one of their chiefs by a cowhand in an argument over beeves, caused area families to seek refuge in the town and a detachment to be dispatched from Fort Sill.
Today.
But, in 1902, the railroad bypassed Navajoe, and most of the businesses moved, buildings and all, to the new town of Headrick on the railroad. In 1920, Navajoe School was consolidated with Friendship and parts of other nearby school districts. Today, all that remains is a picturesque, well kept cemetery, nestled at the foot of the mountains, which is still used for burials today. A granite monument, erected in its center in 1976, displays a map of the old town and pays tribute to its history.
The name of Navajoe, however, lives on. In 1963, the Friendship and Warren school systems joined to build a new school halfway between the two towns. The new school, which graduated its first class in 1964 and still thrives in northeastern Jackson County, was called Navajo—this time without the addition of an "e" to satisfy the postal authorities.

</doc>
