<doc id="36837198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837198" title="List of birds of Maine">
List of birds of Maine

This List of birds of Maine is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded from the U.S. state of Maine. This list is based on a checklist used by the Maine Bird Records Committee. This list is based on the Committee's revision of November, 2007, supplemented by more recent verified eBird records.
The taxonomic treatment (designation and sequence of orders, families, genera and species) and nomenclature (common and scientific names) used in the accompanying bird lists adhere to the conventions of the AOU's (1998) "Check-list of North American birds", the recognized scientific authority on the taxonomy and nomenclature of North American birds. The AOU's Committee on Classification and Nomenclature, the body responsible for maintaining and updating the "Check-list", "strongly and unanimously continues to endorse the biological species concept (BSC), in which species are considered to be genetically cohesive groups of populations that are reproductively isolated from other such groups" (AOU 1998). See Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy for an alternative phylogenetic arrangement based on DNA-DNA hybridization.
Unless otherwise noted, all species listed below are considered to occur regularly in Maine as permanent residents, summer or winter visitors, or migrants. The following codes are used to denote certain categories of species:
__NOTOC__
Ducks, geese, and swans.
Order: Anseriformes. Family: Anatidae
The family Anatidae includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These are birds that are modified for an aquatic existence with webbed feet, bills which are flattened to a greater or lesser extent, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to special oils. 
Pheasants, Turkeys, and Grouse.
Order: Galliformes. Family: Phasianidae
The Phasianidae is a family of birds which consists of the pheasants and their allies. These are terrestrial species, variable in size but generally plump, with broad relatively short wings. Many species are gamebirds, or have been domesticated as a food source for humans. Turkeys have a distinctive fleshy wattle that hangs from the underside of the beak, and a fleshy protuberance that hangs from the top of its beak called a snood. As with many galliform species, the female (the hen) is smaller than the male (the tom), and much less colorful. With wingspans of 1.5–1.8 meters (almost 6 feet), the turkeys are the largest birds in the open forests in which they live, and are rarely mistaken for any other species. Grouse inhabit temperate and subarctic regions of the northern hemisphere. They are game and are sometimes hunted for food. Males are polygamous, and have elaborate courtship displays. These heavily built birds have legs feathered to the toes. Most species are year-round residents, and do not migrate.
Loons.
Order: Gaviiformes. Family: Gaviidae
Loons are aquatic birds size of a large duck, to which they are unrelated. Their plumage is largely grey or black, they have spear-shaped bills. Loons swim well, and fly adequately, but, because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body, are almost hopeless on land. In Maine, four species have been recorded.
Grebes.
Order: Podicipediformes. Family: Podicipedidae
Grebes are small to medium-large sized freshwater diving birds. They have lobed toes, and are excellent swimmers and divers. However, they have their feet placed far back on the body, making them quite ungainly on land. In Maine, six species have been recorded.
Albatrosses.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Diomedeidae
The albatrosses are amongst the largest of flying birds, and the great albatrosses from the genus Diomedea have the largest wingspans of any extant birds. In Maine, one species have been recorded.
Fulmars, petrels and shearwaters.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Procellariidae
The Procellariids are the main group of medium-sized 'true petrels', characterised by united nostrils with medium septum, and a long outer functional primary. In Maine, five species have been recorded.
Storm petrels.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Hydrobatidae
The Storm-petrels are the smallest of seabirds, relatives of the petrels, feeding on planktonic crustaceans and small fish picked from the surface, typically while hovering. The flight is fluttering and sometimes bat-like. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Tropicbirds.
Order: Phaethontiformes. Family: Phaethontidae
Tropicbirds are slender white birds of tropical oceans, with exceptionally long central tail feathers. Their long wings have black markings, as does the head. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Storks.
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Ciconiidae
Storks are large, heavy, long-legged, long-necked wading birds with long stout bills and wide wingspans. They lack the powder down that other wading birds such as herons, spoonbills and ibises use to clean off fish slime. Storks lack a pharynx and are mute. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Frigatebirds.
Order: Suliformes. Family: Fregatidae
Frigatebirds are large sea-birds usually found over tropical oceans. They are large, black or black-and-white, with long wings and deeply forked tails. The males have inflatable coloured throat pouches. They do not swim or walk, and cannot take off from a flat surface. Having the largest wingspan-to-body-weight ratio of any bird, they are essentially aerial, able to stay aloft for more than a week. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Boobies and gannets.
Order: Suliformes. Family: Sulidae
The Sulids comprise the gannets and boobies. Both groups are medium-large coastal seabirds that plunge-dive for fish. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Cormorants.
Order: Suliformes. Family: Phalacrocoracidae
Cormorants are medium-to-large aquatic birds, usually with mainly dark plumage and areas of coloured skin on the face. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet are four-toed and webbed, a distinguishing feature among the Pelecaniformes order. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Pelicans.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Pelecanidae
Pelicans are very large water birds with a distinctive pouch under the beak. Like other birds in the order Pelecaniformes, they have four webbed toes. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Bitterns, herons, and egrets.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Ardeidae
The family Ardeidae contains the herons, egrets, and bitterns. Herons and Egrets are medium to large sized wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more secretive. Unlike other long necked birds such as storks, ibises and spoonbills, members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted. In Maine, 13 species have been recorded.
Ibises and spoonbills.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Threskiornithidae
The family Threskiornithidae includes the ibises and spoonbills. They have long, broad wings. Their bodies tend to be elongated, the neck more so, with rather long legs. The bill is also long, decurved in the case of the ibises, straight and distinctively flattened in the spoonbills. 3 species have been recorded in Maine.
New World vultures.
Order: Accipitriformes. Family: Cathartidae
The New World vultures are not closely related to Old World vultures, but superficially resemble them because of convergent evolution. Like the Old World vultures, they are scavengers. However, unlike Old World vultures, which find carcasses by sight, New World vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate carcasses. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Osprey.
Order: Accipitriformes. Family: Pandionidae
The family Pandionidae is a family of fish-eating birds of prey, possessing a very large, powerful hooked beak for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight. The family is monotypic; its sole member, the Osprey, is found in Maine.
Hawks, kites, and eagles.
Order: Accipitriformes. Family: Accipitridae
The family Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey and include hawks, eagles, kites, harriers and Old World vultures. These birds have very large powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight.
Caracaras and falcons.
Order: Falconiformes. Family: Falconidae
Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey, notably the falcons and caracaras. They differ from hawks, eagles, and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their feet. In Maine, four species have been recorded.
Rails, gallinules, and coots.
Order: Gruiformes. Family: Rallidae
Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots, and gallinules. The most typical family members occupy dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs, and have long toes which are well adapted to soft, uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and be weak fliers. In Maine, nine species have been recorded.
Cranes.
Order: Gruiformes. Family: Gruidae
Cranes are large, long-legged and long-necked birds. Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons, cranes fly with necks outstretched, not pulled back. Most have elaborate and noisy courting displays or "dances". In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Lapwings and plovers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Charadriidae
The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels, and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with compact bodies, short, thick necks and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water, although there are some exceptions. In Maine, 10 species have been recorded.
Oystercatchers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Haematopodidae
The oystercatchers are large, obvious and noisy plover-like birds, with strong bills used for smashing or prising open molluscs. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Stilts and avocets.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Recurvirostridae
Recurvirostridae is a family of large wading birds, which includes the avocets and the stilts. The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills. The stilts have extremely long legs and long, thin, straight bills. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Sandpipers, curlews, stints, godwits, snipes, and phalaropes.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Scolopacidae
The Scolopacidae are a large diverse family of small to medium sized shorebirds including the Sandpipers, Curlews, Godwits, Shanks, Tattlers, Woodcocks, Snipes, Dowitchers and Phalaropes. The majority of species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Different lengths of legs and bills enable different species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food. In Maine, 36 species have been recorded.
Gulls, terns, and skimmers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Laridae
Laridae is a family of medium to large birds seabirds and includes gulls, terns, kittiwakes and skimmers. They are typically grey or white, often with black markings on the head or wings. They longish bills and webbed feet.
Skuas.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Stercorariidae
They are in general medium to large birds, typically with grey or brown plumage, often with white markings on the wings. They have longish bills with a hooked tip, and webbed feet with sharp claws. They look like large dark gulls, but have a fleshy cere above the upper mandible. They are strong, acrobatic fliers. 5 species have been recorded in Maine.
Auks, murres, and puffins.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Alcidae
Alcids are superficially similar to penguins due to their black-and-white colours, their upright posture and some of their habits, however they are not related to the penguins at all, being able to fly. Auks live on the open sea, only deliberately coming ashore to nest. In Maine, seven species have been recorded.
Pigeons and doves.
Order: Columbiformes. Family: Columbidae
Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere.
Lories, parakeets, macaws, and parrots.
Order: Psittaciformes. Family: Psittacidae
Parrots are small to large birds with a characteristic curved beak shape. Their upper mandibles have slight mobility in the joint with the skull and they have a generally erect stance. All parrots are zygodactyl, having the four toes on each foot placed two at the front and two back. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Cuckoos, roadrunners, and anis.
Order: Cuculiformes. Family: Cuculidae
The family Cuculidae includes cuckoos, roadrunners and anis. These birds are of variable size with slender bodies, long tails and strong legs. Unlike the cuckoo species of the Old World, North American cuckoos are not brood parasites. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Barn owls.
Order: Strigiformes. Family: Tytonidae
Barn owls are medium to large sized owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Typical owls.
Order: Strigiformes. Family: Strigidae
Typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk. In Maine, 11 species have been recorded.
Nightjars.
Order: Caprimulgiformes. Family: Caprimulgidae
Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds with long wings, short legs and very short bills that usually nest on the ground. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is crypically coloured to resemble bark or leaves. In Maine, three species have been recorded.
Swifts.
Order: Apodiformes. Family: Apodidae
The swifts are small aerial birds, spending the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have long swept-back wings that resemble a crescent or a boomerang.
Hummingbirds.
Order: Apodiformes. Family: Trochilidae
Hummingbirds are small birds capable of hovering in mid-air due to the rapid flapping of their wings. They are the only birds that can fly backwards. In Maine, three species have been recorded.
Kingfishers.
Order: Coraciiformes. Family: Cerylidae
Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads, long, pointed bills, short legs, and stubby tails. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Woodpeckers, sapsuckers, and flickers.
Order: Piciformes. Family: Picidae
Woodpeckers are small to medium-sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward, and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks. In Maine, nine species have been recorded.
Tyrant flycatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Tyrannidae
Tyrant flycatchers are Passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust with stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, are rather plain. As the name implies, most are insectivorous. In Maine, 18 species have been recorded.
Shrikes.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Laniidae
Shrikes are passerine birds known for their habit of catching other birds and small animals and impaling the uneaten portions of their bodies on thorns. A typical shrike's beak is hooked, like a bird of prey. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Vireos.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Vireonidae
The vireos are a group of small to medium sized passerine birds restricted to the New World. They are typically greenish in colour and resemble wood warblers apart from their heavier bills. In Maine, seven species have been recorded.
Jays, crows, magpies, and ravens.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Corvidae
The Corvidae family includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers, and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size for the bird order Passeriformes. Some of the larger species show levels of learned behavior of a high degree. In Maine, five species have been recorded.
Larks.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Alaudidae
Larks are small terrestrial birds with often extravagant songs and display flights. Most larks are fairly dull in appearance. Their food is insects and seeds. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Swallows and martins.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Hirundinidae
The Hirundinidae family is a group of passerines characterised by their adaptation to aerial feeding. Their adaptations include a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings and short bills with wide gape. The feet are designed for perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base. In Maine, seven species have been recorded.
Chickadees and titmice.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Paridae
The Paridae are mainly small stocky woodland species with short stout bills. Some have crests. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects. In Maine, three species have been recorded.
Nuthatches.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Sittidae
Nuthatches are small woodland birds. They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards. Nuthatches have big heads, short tails and powerful bills and feet. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Treecreepers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Certhiidae
Treecreepers are small woodland birds, brown above and white below. They have thin pointed down-curved bills, which they use to extricate insects from bark. They have stiff tail feathers, like woodpeckers, which they use to support themselves on vertical trees. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Wrens.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Troglodytidae
Wrens are small and inconspicuous birds, except for their loud songs. They have short wings and a thin down-turned bill. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous. In Maine, five species have been recorded.
Kinglets.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Regulidae
The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice. They are very small insectivorous birds in the genus Regulus. The adults have coloured crowns, giving rise to their name. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Gnatcatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Polioptilidae
These dainty birds resemble Old World warblers in their structure and habits, moving restlessly through the foliage seeking insects. The gnatcatchers are mainly soft bluish grey in colour, and have the typical insectivore's long sharp bill. Many species have distinctive black head patterns (esp. males) and long, regularly cocked, black-and-white tails.
Old World flycatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Muscicapidae
The Old World Flycatchers are a large family of small passerine birds mostly restricted to the Old World. These are mainly small arboreal insectivores, many of which, as the name implies, take their prey on the wing.
Thrushes.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Turdidae
The Thrushes are a group of passerine birds that occur mainly but not exclusively in the Old World. They are plump, soft plumaged, small to medium sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs. In Maine, 11 species have been recorded.
Mockingbirds and thrashers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Mimidae
The Mimids are a family of passerine birds that includes thrashers, mockingbirds, tremblers, and the New World catbirds. These birds are notable for their vocalization, especially their remarkable ability to mimic a wide variety of birds and other sounds heard outdoors. The species tend towards dull grays and browns in their appearance. In Maine, four species have been recorded.
Starlings.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Sturnidae
Starlings are small to medium-sized Old World passerine birds with strong feet. Their flight is strong and direct, and most are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country, and they eat insects and fruit. The plumage of several species is dark with a metallic sheen. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Wagtails and pipits.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Motacillidae
The Motacillidae are a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws and pipits. They are slender, ground feeding insectivores of open country. In Maine, one species has been recorded.
Waxwings.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Bombycillidae
The Waxwings are a group of passerine birds characterised by soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and Cedar Waxwings, these tips look like sealing wax, and give the group its name. These are arboreal birds of northern forests. They live on insects in summer and berries in winter. In Maine, two species have been recorded.
Longspurs.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Calcariidae
The Calcariidae are a group of passerine birds that have been traditionally grouped with the Emberizeridae (New World Sparrows), but differ in a number of respects, and are usually found in open grassy areas.
Wood-warblers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Parulidae
The Wood Warblers are a group of small often colourful passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most are arboreal, but some like are more terrestrial. Most members of this family are insectivores. In Massachusetts, 43 species have been recorded. In August 2011, the North American Committee of the AOU changed their classification of many of the wood warblers. Since this list is based on the AOU classification, changes to scientific names are updated here.
American sparrows, towhees, and juncos.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Emberizidae
The Emberizidae are a large family of passerine birds. They are seed-eating birds with a distinctively shaped bill. In Europe, most species are named as buntings. In North America, most of the species in this family are known as Sparrows, but these birds are not closely related to the Old World sparrows which are in the family Passeridae. Many emberizid species have distinctive head patterns. In Maine, 27 species have been recorded.
Cardinals, grosbeaks and allies.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Cardinalidae
The Cardinals are a family of passerine birds that are robust, seed-eating birds, with strong bills. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinct plumages. In Maine, 11 species have been recorded.
Blackbirds, meadowlarks, cowbirds, grackles, and orioles.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Icteridae
The Icterids are a group of small to medium, often colourful passerine birds restricted to the New World and include the grackles, New World blackbirds, and New World orioles. Most species have black as a predominant plumage colour, often enlivened by yellow, orange or red. In Maine, 13 species have been recorded.
Finches.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Fringillidae
Finches are seed-eating passerine birds, that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have 12 tail feathers and 9 primaries. These birds have a bouncing flight with alternating bouts of flapping and gliding on closed wings, and most sing well. In Maine, 13 species have been recorded.
Old World sparrows.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Passeridae
Old World sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or greyish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed-eaters, and they also consume small insects.

</doc>
<doc id="36837202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837202" title="Tiny Glacier">
Tiny Glacier

Tiny Glacier is in the Wind River Range, Bridger-Teton National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The glacier is situated in a north-facing cirque immediately west of the Continental Divide.

</doc>
<doc id="36837208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837208" title="Papillaria crocea">
Papillaria crocea

Papillaria crocea is a species of moss. It may be seen as an epiphyte in moist Australian forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36837217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837217" title="Mu Piscis Austrini">
Mu Piscis Austrini

Mu Piscis Austrini (Mu PsA, μ Piscis Austrini, μ PsA) is a white A-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +4.50. It is approximately 130 light years from Earth.
Mu Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 20 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 23,800 and 28,500 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Mu Piscis Austrini came closest to the Sun 1.2 million years ago when it had brightened to magnitude 4.06 from a distance of 111 light years.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Celestial Money", refers to an asterism consisting of refers to an asterism consisting of μ Piscis Austrini, 13 Piscis Austrini, θ Piscis Austrini, ι Piscis Austrini and τ Piscis Austrini. Consequently, μ Piscis Austrini itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36837221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837221" title="Thierry Valero">
Thierry Valero

Thierry Valero is a French rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Valero played for the Rest of the World in 1988 against Great Britain.
He made his debut for France in 1989 and played against the 1990 touring Kangaroos. He went on to play in twenty four test matches for France, with his final match being at the 1995 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36837233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837233" title="Lijon Eknilang">
Lijon Eknilang

Lijon Eknilang (March 1, 1946 – August 2012) was a Marshallese activist and nuclear fallout survivor. Eknilang advocated on behalf of residents of Rongelap Atoll, who were victims of nuclear fallout stemming from the Castle Bravo hydrogen bomb test at Bikini Atoll in 1954.
Eknilang was just eight years old at the time of the Castle Bravo hydrogen bomb test on March 1, 1954. The resulting fallout from the test on Bikini Atoll sent a snowstorm-like covering of radioactive fallout, which covered Rongelap Atolls. The eighty-two residents of Rongelap, including Eknilang, suffered long-term health problems due to the radiation. Eknilang suffered eight miscarriages and could not have children.
Eknilang traveled extensively throughout the United States and Europe to draw attention to the health problems experienced by Rongelap's residents due to Castle Bravo. She has been called an "icon in the Marshall Islands for her international advocacy on behalf of nuclear test victims." Eknilang on behalf of the former residents of Rongelap before the United States Congress. She also spoke before the Advisory Proceedings on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons at the International Court of Justice in The Hague in November 1995.
Lijon Eknilang died in Majuro in late August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36837245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837245" title="Nazareth College (Kentucky)">
Nazareth College (Kentucky)

Nazareth Academy of Kentucky is a former educational institution founded in 1814 by the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth in Nazareth, Kentucky, located in Nelson County, near Bardstown. It was among the first Catholic schools opened in the state. The Sisters opened the original school in a one-room log cabin at the St. Thomas Farm, still located just outside of Bardstown, but moved the school to its current location, which they named Nazareth, in 1822.
The school was chartered by the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1829 and operated until 1971, at which time it was merged with Nazareth College, which the Sisters had founded in Louisville in 1920. This became renamed Spalding College (now Spalding University), in honor of Mother Catherine Spalding, the foundress of the Sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="36837246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837246" title="Unditching roller">
Unditching roller

The unditching roller is a device fitted to military vehicles, such as the M3 Scout Car, for the purpose of preventing the vehicle from getting stuck in an obstacle, such as a ditch.

</doc>
<doc id="36837247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837247" title="Shō Sen'i">
Shō Sen'i

Shō Sen'i was named Prince of Goeku (越来王子) after his abdication, and given Goeku "magiri" (today part of Okinawa City) as his domain. But died in the same year. Somebody thought he was murdered by the empress dowager Ukiyaka (宇喜也嘉).

</doc>
<doc id="36837261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837261" title="Aloneftis">
Aloneftis

Aloneftis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36837303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837303" title="Pi Piscis Austrini">
Pi Piscis Austrini

Pi Piscis Austrini (Pi PsA, π Piscis Austrini, π PsA) is spectroscopic binary in constellation of Piscis Austrinus, with a well-determined period of 178.3177 days and an apparent magnitude of +5.12. It is approximately 93 light years from Earth.
The temperatures are 7400 Kelvin for Pi PsA A and 6900 for Pi PsA B, as well as their estimated brightness ratio, and get luminosities of 3.4 and 2.6 times that of the Sun.
Pi Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 16.3 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 24,100 and 37,300 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36837348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837348" title="David Conlon">
David Conlon

David Conlon (born 1982) is an Irish mathematician. He earned a Ph.D. from Cambridge University in 2009; he is a fellow of Wadham College, Oxford and a lecturer in the department of mathematics at the University of Oxford. His research interests are in Hungarian-style combinatorics, particularly Ramsey theory, extremal graph theory, combinatorial number theory, and probabilistic methods in combinatorics. 
Conlon has worked in Ramsey theory. In particular, he proved the first superpolynomial improvement on the Erdős–Szekeres bound on diagonal Ramsey numbers. 
He won the European Prize in Combinatorics in 2011, for his work in Ramsey theory and for his progress on Sidorenko's conjecture that, for any bipartite graph "H", random bipartite graphs have the fewest subgraphs isomorphic to "H".

</doc>
<doc id="36837351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837351" title="Holger Schmieding">
Holger Schmieding

Holger Schmieding (born 10 January 1958) is a German economist, the current Chief Economist at Berenberg Bank based at their London office (since 2010) and a frequent broadcaster and commentator on economic affairs in the media. Before joining Berenberg, he was a Senior Economic Advisor to the International Monetary Fund, a Senior Strategist at the Bank of America and worked for Merrill Lynch, based in Washington D.C., London and Frankfurt. The "Financial Times Deutschland" placed him at the top of the list of 50 analysts for the proven accuracy of his forecasts over the last six years in 2007. He worked as a journalist 1976–78 and studied economics in Munich, London and Kiel, obtaining a doctorate in economics at the University of Kiel with a dissertation on the integration of central and eastern European countries in the western European economy. He has also co-authored a book on German economic history since 1948, with Herbert Giersch and Karl-Heinz Paque.

</doc>
<doc id="36837361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837361" title="Drug courts in Australia">
Drug courts in Australia

Drug courts have been established in New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Victoria, and Western Australia. People appearing in Australian drug courts often fall outside the parameters for other pre-court diversion programs.
Drug courts by state.
New South Wales.
Established pursuant to the , the Drug Court of New South Wales exercises both local and district court jurisdiction. Eligible defendants are referred from other courts within the catchment area. Acceptance into the program results in a custodial remand for detoxification and assessment. This takes up to two weeks and each participant leaves with an individual treatment plan. After the assessment the defendant is required to plead guilty and is given a suspended sentence. Successful completion of the three phase treatment program can take up to 12 months. The court can impose a series of sanctions or award privileges during that time. If the program is not completed successfully the participant returns to court and may be re-sentenced. Magistrates can place defendants whose offending may not be as significant as those entering the Drug Court and are likely to be granted bail, into the Magistrates Early Referral into Treatment (MERIT) program. MERIT involves completing compulsory treatment as a condition of bail. In 2000, New South Wales commenced operation of a Youth Drug and Alcohol Court, which functions under the control of the Children's Court. It aims to provide an integrated case management approach to prevent re-offending and includes treatment and assistance with health and education needs.
Queensland.
Established pursuant to the as a pilot project, five drug courts have been established in Queensland. The Act and regulations limit the number of people who can enter the system from each court each year. In August 2005, it was announced that the drug courts would be made permanent. To be eligible, defendants must be adults, dependent on illicit drugs and this dependency must be a contributing factor to their offending. They must be likely to be sentenced to prison, not subject to a pending violent or sexual offence charge, live within the prescribed areas and plead guilty. Participants receive an intensive drug treatment order which includes treatment, drug testing and court supervision. These orders generally run for up to 18 months. During that time the participant may receive added privileges or sanctions. Successful completion is taken into account when sentencing is conducted at the end of the order.
South Australia.
South Australia's Drug Court operates in the Adelaide Magistrates' Court. Participants must live within the Adelaide metropolitan area, be over 18 years of age, plead guilty to the most serious and bulk of offences and be dependent on illicit drugs. The participants do not have to be charged with a drug offence but their offending must have resulted from their drug addiction. Those accepted into the program are given an individual treatment regime, which can include electronically monitored home detention bail, urinalysis, treatment and vocational training. Successful completion of the program will be taken into consideration at sentencing.
Victoria.
The Victorian Drug Court is located in Dandenong and services defendants within a specific geographical catchment area. Only adult defendants who are addicted to illicit drugs, likely to be imprisoned for a drug related offence and prepared to plead guilty are eligible. If they are willing to enter the program, they are placed on a Drug Treatment Order. These orders have two components; a custodial sentence of not more than two years and a treatment and supervision component. Failure to compete the order renders the participant liable for re-sentencing. Other Victorian courts can place defendants within the Court Referral and Evaluation for Drug Intervention and Treatment (CREDIT) program. The 12 week program provides assessment, treatment and support for defendants on bail.
Western Australia.
In Western Australia, the drug court operates in the Perth Magistrates' Court and the Perth Children's Court. The Magistrates' Court drug court is supported by the , which enables the Chief Magistrate to establish divisions within the court to deal with specific classes of cases or offenders, such as drug cases or family violence cases. Following a plea of guilty, defendants are placed within one of three regimes depending on their level of previous offending and the type of drug involved. The brief intervention regime is a pre-sentence option for second or third time cannabis offenders and involves three sessions of drug education. Supervised treatment intervention is for mid-range offenders who are required to undertake case managed treatment before sentencing. The drug court regime consists of more intensive treatment and judicial case management. Additionally, a drug court style program operates in Geraldton in the form the Geraldton Alternative Sentencing Regime (GASR). The GASR has a broader remit that includes alcohol and solvent abuse cases, domestic violence and other offending behaviours. It does not replace other sentencing options but offers alternative pathways for selected offenders: the Court Supervision Regime which involves the offender being managed by a court management team for a period of four to six months whilst participating in rehabilitation programs; and the Brief Intervention Regime which also includes offender participation in rehabilitation programs but without the supervision of the court management team.

</doc>
<doc id="36837458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837458" title="Eddie Morten">
Eddie Morten

Eddie Morten (born 29 May 1962), also spelled 'Eddy', is a Canadian Paralympic athlete who won bronze in the 5 km Walk in 1980, gold in the -65 kg category in Wrestling in 1984, and bronze in Judo in the -71 kg category in Judo in 1988. Morten has been the Coordinator of the Deafblind Services Society of British Columbia's Volunteer Intervention Program since 2007, and in 2009 was awarded the Western Institute for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing's Award of Merit for his advocacy on behalf of the deaf-blind community. He is the younger brother of Pier Morten, another successful Canadian Paralympian. Morten was born deaf but with good vision, which has gradually deteriorated due to Usher Syndrome. He is now completely blind in his left eye and has severely limited vision in his right eye.
Human Rights Tribunal.
In August 2004, Morten asked his travel agent to book him a flight from Vancouver, British Columbia to San Francisco, California, but was told that the airline, Air Canada, would not allow him to fly without an attendant because he is deaf and partially blind. Morten filed a complaint with the Canadian Human Rights Commission in September 2005, alleging that Air Canada had discriminated against him because of his disability. In January 2009, the Tribunal ruled that Air Canada had discriminated against Morten and ordered the airline to pay him $10,000 plus interest for pain and suffering. The full Tribunal Decision document is available in the 'External links' section below.

</doc>
<doc id="36837461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837461" title="Tapas &amp; Beijos">
Tapas &amp; Beijos

Tapas & Beijos (English: Slaps & Kisses) is a Brazilian television comedy series. The series airs on the Globo Network and was created by Cláudio Paiva, directed by Maurício Farias and starring the actresses Fernanda Torres and Andréa Beltrão as Fatima and her friend Sueli respectively. The third season premiered on April 2, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36837462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837462" title="Tau Piscis Austrini">
Tau Piscis Austrini

Tau Piscis Austrini (Tau PsA, τ Piscis Austrini, τ PsA) is a yellowish white F-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of +4.94. It is approximately 61 light years from Earth.
The star's age is estimated to be 1.3 billion years but is certainly no less than 300 million years and no greater than 2.1 billion years. 
Tau Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 40.6 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 22,500 and 29,900 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Celestial Money", refers to an asterism consisting of refers to an asterism consisting of τ Piscis Austrini, 13 Piscis Austrini, θ Piscis Austrini, ι Piscis Austrini and μ Piscis Austrini. Consequently, τ Piscis Austrini itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="36837525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837525" title="No Blood No Tears">
No Blood No Tears

No Blood No Tears () is a 2002 South Korean pulp noir film from director Ryoo Seung-wan.
Plot.
The ill-treated mistress of a gang boss becomes friendly with an older woman who drives a taxi. Eventually the two hatch a plan to steal a bagful of money, taking some revenge in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="36837533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837533" title="Broadford Courier">
Broadford Courier

The Broadford Courier was a weekly newspaper published in the town of Broadford, Victoria, Australia between 1891 and 1978. 
Founded by J. M. Harcourt of Bendigo, its first issue was published on 28 February 1891 under the name Broadford Courier and Reedy Creek times. On 3 August 1894 J. E. Fenton became editor of the newspaper, a role he held for ten years. In 1904 William McDonald bought the paper and property from the widow of J. M. Harcourt. McDonald who was twelve when he started working in the printing office now became owner, editor and publisher.
The McDonald family's connection with the paper continued up until the late 1970s. Eric McDonald took over the Courier in 1958 after having worked in the office for over forty years. In the early 70's Eric and his brother George were able to turn out between 300 to 400 copies a week at the 83 year old printery. It has been confirmed that in the 1970s, the Courier was the only hand-set hand operated press in Victoria. The issue for 15 December 1978 was the last, and it was then incorporated by the "Kilmore Free Press".

</doc>
<doc id="36837537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837537" title="Zoom Phloom">
Zoom Phloom

Zoom Phloom is a log flume designed by Hopkins Rides. It goes up to 60 feet in the Wildwood Boardwalk. It has two drops, one of which passes under the Wildwood boardwalk.
History.
Zoom Phloom was built in 1985 to compete with Hunt's Piers log flume. It first appeared when Jumbo Jet was in its final years, and had Jet Star behind it. It passes very close to The Great Nor'easter.
Theme.
Zoom Phloom has a tropical theme, with artificial palm trees, rocks, and a waterfall. Under the boardwalk the ride plays the song "Under the Boardwalk", has people sitting on the beach, and a smiling sea dragon.

</doc>
<doc id="36837568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837568" title="Upsilon Piscis Austrini">
Upsilon Piscis Austrini

Upsilon Piscis Austrini (Upsilon PsA, υ Piscis Austrini, υ PsA) is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.99. It is approximately 528 light years from Earth.
Upsilon Piscis Austrini is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 36.4 km/s relative to the Sun. Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 17,700 and 25,400 light years from the center of the Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="36837571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837571" title="Drug courts in the United States">
Drug courts in the United States

The first drug court in the United States took shape in Miami-Dade County, Florida, in 1989, as a response to the growing crack-cocaine problem plaguing the city. Chief Judge Gerald Wetherington, Judge Herbert Klein, then State Attorney Janet Reno and public defender Bennett Brummer designed the court for nonviolent offenders to receive treatment. This model of court system quickly became a popular method for dealing with an ever increasing number of drug offenders. Between 1984 and 1999, the number of defendants charged with a drug offense in the federal courts increased 3% annually, from 11,854 to 29,306. By 1999 there were 472 drug courts in the nation and by 2005 that number had increased to 1262 with another 575 drug courts in the planning stages; currently all 50 states have working drug courts. There are currently about 120,000 people treated annually in drug courts, though an estimated 1.5 million eligible people are currently before the courts. There are currently more than 2,400 drug courts operating throughout the United States.
Operations.
Drug courts operate under a model that combines intensive judicial supervision, mandatory drug testing, escalating sanctions and treatment to help substance abusing offenders break the cycle of addiction and the crime that accompanies it. In 1997 the National Association of Drug Court Professionals published "Defining Drug Courts: The Key Components" designed to provide courts with a model which can be adapted to fit the specific needs of the community.
Recidivism rates.
Some studies, largely those produced by drug court professional associations, show that recidivism rates for drug court clients are lower than those of standard dockets. The average recidivism rate for those who complete drug court is between 4% and 29%, in contrast to 48% for those who do not participate in a drug court program. A 2003 recidivism report by the Urban Institute and Caliber Associates called "Recidivism Rates For Drug Court Graduates: National Based Estimates", representative of over 17,000 annual drug court graduates nationwide, found that recidivism rates for Drug Court participants one year after graduation is a mere 16.5% and only 27.5% after two years. In a nationally representative sample of more than 2,000 graduates from 95 different drug courts, the average re-arrest rate was only about 16% in the first year after leaving the program and 27% after the second year. This compares highly favorably to typical recidivism rates on conventional probation, in which roughly 46% of offenders commit a new offense and over 60% commit a probation violation. A recent study of nine courts in California found that re-arrest rates over a four-year period were 29% for drug court participants (and only 17% for drug court graduates) as compared to 41% for similar drug offenders who did not participate in drug court. Another study of four adult drug courts in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, found that drug court participants were 13% less likely to be re-arrested, 34% less likely to be re-convicted and 24% less likely to be re-incarcerated than probationers who had been carefully matched to the drug court participants using "propensity score" analyses.
Cost benefit.
There is mixed evidence on whether drug courts save money, or cost more per participant, than traditional dockets. Several recent studies have computed the average cost savings per participant. Results revealed average cost savings ranging from nearly $3,000 to over $12,000 per client. Depending upon the size of a given program, in some counties the aggregate cost savings exceeded $7 to $9 million per year. There are about 120,000 individuals treated annually in drug courts, which creates more than $1 billion in annual savings. Overall, it is estimated that the current adult drug court treatment program produces about $2.21 in benefit for every $1 in costs, for a net benefit to society of about $624 million. Studies have shown that 1.5 million arrestees who are probably guilty (the population most likely to participate in court monitored substance abuse treatment) are at risk of abuse or dependence. Treating that 1.5 million at-risk arrestees through drug court would cost more than $13.7 billion and return benefits of about $46 billion.
On the other hand, there are a number of studies by non-partisan research institutions which show that drug courts are cost positive. In a meta-analysis of 86 drug courts, which includes the full cost of rehabs and wrap around services and drug court externalities, the Brookings Institute concludes that the benefits of drug court "probably not" outweigh its costs, noting that "on average, drug court will cost $5,000 more per participant than is yielded in benefits, and there is only an 14% chance that benefits will exceed costs". Similarly, the UK Ministry of Justice concludes that drug courts are cost-positive by 4,633 British pounds per participant.
Juvenile drug court.
Drug courts not only apply to adults but to juveniles as well. The need for a juvenile drug court can be indicated by the extent of a drug being associated with delinquency, the ability of the juvenile justice system to use treatment, supervision, and other services, as the accountability that the juvenile and the service providers are given by the juvenile justice system.
National Association of Drug Court Professionals.
The National Association of Drug Court Professionals (NADCP) is a non-profit organization founded in 1994 to reduce the negative social impact of substance abuse, crime, and recidivism. The NADCP advocates for the establishment, growth and funding of drug courts and provides for the collection and dissemination of information. In 1997 the National Drug Court Institute (NDCI) was established by the Office of National Drug Control Policy as part of NADCP. NDCI is funded through the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) within the U.S. Department of Justice, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) within the U.S. Department of Transportation. NDCI provides comprehensive drug court training series for practitioners, and disseminates important research, evaluations, and relevant commentary. NDCI stages over 130 training events each year.
Criticism and Controversies.
In recent years, drug courts and drug court research have become the subject of significant criticism. Academic research questions both the constitutionality of drug courts and the potential denial or limitation of defendant’s rights caused by the drug court model. Others, such as former drug court Judge Morris Hoffman, have theorized that drug courts cause net widening due to the increased willingness by police to arrest offenders should they receive treatment versus jail time and an increased willingness by offenders to try drugs when facing less serious legal consequences. The drug court industry has been unable to disprove these claims, and in fact, drug arrest rates have risen in many of the regions in which drug court have been implemented.
Similarly, while the majority of drug court research supports the concepts of reduced recidivism rates and cost savings, the methodologies of these studies have come under fire. The opportunity costs associated with wraparound services—rehabs, transitional living facilities, etc.—which may promote reductions in recidivism rates are rarely included in cost analyses of drug courts, nor are the externalities associated with crimes committed by offenders who are free through drug court dockets, versus incarcerated under the traditional model. A preliminary study conducted by the Brookings Institute called "A Bayesian Meta-Analysis of Drug Court Cost-Effectiveness", which analyzed 86 existing drug court studies concluded that drug courts are probably cost positive, not cost negative. Other works, including a 2007 white paper released by Yale Law School Fellow and titled "Drug Court Fraud" concluded that selection bias invalidated many of the studies suggesting drug courts reduce recidivism rates. The Justice Policy Institute and Drug Policy Alliance have also released papers in the past year which are harshly critical of the drug court model.
Several recent drug court scandals made national news, including that of 17-year-old Lindsey Dills who was sentenced to 14 months in jail and 5.5 years of probation for two forged checks of $20 and $40. In another shocking case, Judge Richard Baumgartner, an ex-addict and Knox County, Tennessee's Drug Court Judge, pled guilty to criminal misconduct for hearing cases while using drugs, purchasing drugs from defendants in his courtroom, and having sex in his chambers with defendants. In St. Clair County, Illinois, Drug Court Judge Joseph Christ died of a drug overdose. Christ and another judge purchased their drugs from a drug court probation officer. Christ also released a defendant in his court who was another of his alleged drug dealers.

</doc>
<doc id="36837622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837622" title="Marcy South">
Marcy South

Marcy South is a high voltage power line that delivers hydroelectric power from Canada to the New York City area. It was constructed amid heavy controversy in the late 1980s by the Power Authority of the State of New York.
History.
The Power Authority of the State of New York announced plans to deliver hydroelectric power from Canada to the New York City region in 1982.
It became fully operational on June 1, 1988.
Controversy.
The power line met with vigorous and sometimes highly contentious and violent opposition from local property owners from its proposition to its planning and surveying, and even its construction.
Future plans.
Since its construction, other projects including a high-voltage DC line have been proposed for the same route.

</doc>
<doc id="36837670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837670" title="Sigma Cygni">
Sigma Cygni

Sigma Cygni (σ Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.21.

</doc>
<doc id="36837679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837679" title="Trigger Happy!">
Trigger Happy!

Trigger Happy! is the sole album led by American jazz double bassist Trigger Alpert which was recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label. The album was also issued under Zoot Sims Al Cohn and Tony Scott's names as East Coast Sounds. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the "East Coast Sounds" album 4 stars with Ken Dryden stating "Zoot Sims and Al Cohn made many records together in small-group settings, but this isn't one of their better-known dates, though it is a rewarding one... Recommended". The British "Gramophone" magazine's review from 1958 called it "a session that presents first-class soloists within settings that are witty as well as intelligent. The mood is gay rather than profound, the approach formal and not at all intense". 

</doc>
<doc id="36837680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837680" title="Love Comes Along">
Love Comes Along

Love Comes Along is a 1930 American romantic film directed by Rupert Julian, written by Wallace Smith, based on the uncompleted play "Conchita" by Edward Knoblock. It was a vehicle specifically picked to highlight the vocal talents of Bebe Daniels, which also starred Lloyd Hughes and Montagu Love. It made a profit of $258,000.
Plot.
An actress, Peggy, is stranded on the island of Caparoja, which is ruled by a local dictator, Sangredo. For a living, she sings in the local tavern, where she is seen by two sailors from a tramp steamer who are visiting the port, Johnny and Happy. Johnny falls in love with Peggy and plans to marry her, rescuing her from her exile. However, Sangredo hires Peggy to perform at a party he is throwing, when the original singer, Carlotta, backs out. When Johnny finds out about the agreement, he misunderstands their relationship, and blows up at her. Peggy gets furious in turn over the fact he could believe that about her, and calls the wedding off.
At the party, Peggy relents, and sings a love song directly to Johnny, which angers Sangredo. He orders that Johnny be arrested, but Peggy steps forward to intercede on his behalf. She offers to spend the night with Sangredo, if he will release Johnny and let him sail with his steamer. He agrees, and Johnny is escorted to his ship. However, Johnny and Happy, sneak back to the town and break Peggy out of Sangredo's house. Fleeing, they board the steamer, escaping from the island.
Notes.
This film is based on the play "Conchita" by Edward Knoblock, which according to his papers, which are saved on the campus of Harvard University in the rare books collection in the Houghton Library, was never completed, with only an outline existing.
The film is also known by its Italian title, "Ecco l'amore!".

</doc>
<doc id="36837691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837691" title="The Kissing Hand">
The Kissing Hand

The Kissing Hand is an American children's picture book written by Audrey Penn and illustrated by Ruth E. Harper and Nancy M. Leak. It features a mother raccoon comforting a child raccoon by kissing its paw. First published by the Child Welfare League of America in 1993, it has been used "to reassure children upset by separation anxiety."
Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." It was one of the "Top 100 Picture Books" of all time in a 2012 poll by "School Library Journal". It has been translated into at least five languages and has been followed by five sequels. 5657
Background.
On a train ride in Wheaton, Maryland, Penn witnessed a ritual in which a mother raccoon placed its nose on a baby raccoon's paw, and then the baby raccoon placed its paw on its own face. The park ranger said that the purpose of the ritual was to transfer scent from the mother to the baby so that the baby could recall the mother's scent by bringing its paw to its face. Penn "started a similar ritual with her daughter — kissing her hand and telling her that whenever she was homesick, she could put her hand to her face."
Penn wrote "The Kissing Hand" based on the raccoons' ritual. Penn read the book at VSA arts, and Jean Kennedy Smith wrote the book's foreword.
Summary.
Chester is a young raccoon who is nervous about going to school. His mother kisses his palm and tells him that "whenever you feel lonely and need a little loving from home, just press your hand to your cheek and think, 'Mommy loves you. Mommy loves you.'" Chester is comforted and goes to school.
Reception.
In 1994 the book received a negative review in the "School Library Journal", which considered it "marketing" for the Child Welfare League of America, with a "didactic story" and low-quality illustrations. Nevertheless, in 1998 Scholastic Corporation published a paperback version which became one of its "biggest, most popular best sellers."
The American Library Association recommended the book after the September 11 attacks of 2001. In 2004, the United States Army purchased 14,000 copies of the book for soldiers stationed abroad to read on video and transmit the video to their families at home.
It was ranked #49 in a 2007 online poll by the National Education Association of "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." It was ranked #95 in a list of "Top 100 Picture Books" of all time in a 2012 poll by "School Library Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="36837705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837705" title="Iota1 Cygni">
Iota1 Cygni

Iota1 Cygni (ι1 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 5.75.

</doc>
<doc id="36837738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837738" title="Iota2 Cygni">
Iota2 Cygni

Iota2 Cygni (ι2 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 3.76.

</doc>
<doc id="36837781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837781" title="Nu Cygni">
Nu Cygni

Nu Cygni (ν Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 3.92.

</doc>
<doc id="36837801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837801" title="Butler Bulldogs women's soccer">
Butler Bulldogs women's soccer

The Butler Bulldogs women's soccer team is an intercollegiate varsity sports team of Butler University, an NCAA Division I member school located in Indianapolis, IN. The team played its final season in the Horizon League in 2011; on July 1, 2012, the Bulldogs joined the Atlantic 10 Conference for one season. They currently play in the Big East Conference.
History.
Butler University first fielded a varsity women's soccer team in 1991, when they earned a 10–7–1 record under head coach Bryan Blitz, including a 0–3–0 record in the Midwestern Collegiate Conference (now called the Horizon League). Coach Blitz left the program following the 1995 season, the same season as the Bulldogs' first conference championship. The Bulldogs were next coached by George Van Linder, who led the team to its second conference championship and two conference runner-up finishes before departing after the 1998 season. Woody Sherwood served as the Bulldogs' third women's soccer coach and led the team to its third conference championship in 1999; under his leadership the team only once finished lower than third in the Horizon League.
The Bulldogs' current head coach, Tari St. John began serving as head coach in the 2006 season. Aside from the head coach, Butler employs one assistant coach on a part-time basis. This position is currently held by Ric Huffman, who has held the position since 2009. Huffman also serves as the head coach of the Dynamo Football Club, also located in Indianapolis, and is a former member of the Indiana University men's soccer team and the Indiana Twisters of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. He also played on the 1998 National Indoor Championship team. The position was previously held by Greg Miller, who is the current head coach for the Pittsburgh Panthers. All other women's soccer coaches serve on a volunteer basis.
Butler left the Horizon League following the 2011 season when the athletic department moved to the Atlantic 10 Conference. During their time in the Horizon, the Bulldogs earned one conference tournament championship, in 1996, but the team did not qualify for the NCAA tournament because the conference did not have an automatic bid at that time. However, the team was the tournament runner-up six times, in 1994, 1997, 1998, 2001, 2002, and 2010. The team also won four conference season championships, in 1995, 1996, 1999, and 2010.
Joining the Atlantic 10 Conference presented some challenges, including schedule adjustments, because the move came a year ahead of schedule. For example, the Bulldogs were scheduled to play an exhibition game against the defending Atlantic 10 champions, the Dayton Flyers, but the game had to be rescheduled as a conference game later in the season. Other teams had to redo their schedules in a matter of weeks after their previously finalized schedules were already released.
Outreach.
In response to the growth of interested youths in the Indianapolis area, where the Butler Bulldogs are located, the soccer program offers several soccer camps for various age groups. The camp is instructed by several members of the women's soccer program, including head coach Tari St. John.
In addition to the camps, the Butler Bulldogs women's soccer program annually wears pink jerseys in support the "fight against breast cancer." The jerseys are sold to the public following the game to raise proceeds for the cause.

</doc>
<doc id="36837842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837842" title="Xi Cygni">
Xi Cygni

Xi Cygni (ξ Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 3.70.

</doc>
<doc id="36837867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837867" title="Opening Doors to Recovery">
Opening Doors to Recovery

Opening Doors to Recovery is a project to provide case management and mental health services to adults with mental illness in southeast Georgia, United States. The project is led by National Alliance on Mental Illness Georgia and funded by several private and public organization. Emory University and the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities (DHBDD) are also participants in the project.
Funders of the project include Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation, the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities, and CSX Transportation. Former First Lady Rosalynn Carter has endorsed the program.

</doc>
<doc id="36837891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837891" title="Rho Cygni">
Rho Cygni

Rho Cygni (ρ Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 3.98.

</doc>
<doc id="36837893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837893" title="Zulu sheep">
Zulu sheep

The Zulu sheep breed is native to South Africa and is predominantly raised by rural farmers in the province of KwaZulu-Natal. It serve primarily as a source of food and income to poor resource farmers. It belongs to the Nguni type of sheep together with the Pedi and the Swazi sheep. 
History.
Zulu sheep are a type of Nguni breed found with the communal people of KwaZulu Natal, South Africa. They primarily serve as a source of meat and income to the poor rural farmers, at the same time providing a source of livelihood and means of utilising marginal environments not suitable for cultivation (Ramsey et al., 2000). Rural farmers recognise Zulu sheep for its high adaptation to the prevalent harsh environmental conditions and theability to tolerate both external and gastro-intestinalparasites as well as tick-borne diseases. In addition they can walk longer distances and have good foraging ability(Ramsey et al., 2000). Nevertheless, the existence of the breed is threatened (Kunene et al., 2009). Its place is being taken up by less adapted exotic breeds, either by replacement or crossbreeding (Kunene et al., 2009, Mavule et al., 2013). This change is being driven by the perception, held by most farmers, that indigenous livestock show poorer performance compared to their exotic counterparts. This line of thinking has been receiving political backing over the years in many African countries (Scholtz et al., 2008). Thus breeding programmes put in place in Africa havebeen geared towards improving this presumed low productive performance through crossbreeding (KöhlerRollefson, 2001).
Characteristics.
Zulu sheep are smaller, multicolored sheep well adapted to being raised in the environment in KwaZulu-Natal. The appearance of the sheep varies a good deal; they are multicolored shades of brown, black, and white wool or hair, and may be fat-tailed or not. Zulu rams may be polled or horned, and a distinguishing characteristic is that they often have exceedingly small "mouse ears". Zulu sheep are not as large or productive as meat sheep such as the Dorper, but are more resistant to external and internal parasites.

</doc>
<doc id="36837920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837920" title="Flexopecten">
Flexopecten

Flexopecten is a genus of saltwater clams, scallops, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.
Species.
Species and subspecies within the genus "Flexopecten" include:
Synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="36837927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837927" title="Arlen Realty and Development Corporation">
Arlen Realty and Development Corporation

Arlen Realty & Development Corporation, also known as Arlen, was an American REIT founded in 1959 by Arthur G. Cohen, Arthur N. Levien, and Marshall Rose. It is notable as one of the largest publicly traded REIT's in the 1970s. Arlen began by developing suburban shopping centers throughout the country, and in 1971 purchased national discount retail chain E.J. Korvette. By 1975 Arlen owned and managed over 42 million square feet of shopping centers, and controlled over $1.7 billion of US real estate assets.
Olympic Tower.
Arlen Developed Olympic Tower with Aristotle Onassis in 1975. The building is a 52-story building in Midtown Manhattan, in New York City on Fifth Avenue, between East 51st Street and East 52nd Street. The exact address is 641 Fifth Avenue. It was constructed on a site that was occupied by a Best & Company Store that was built in 1947. It contains 225 condominium apartments and more than 250,000 square feet (23,000 m2) of office space and retail space. Situated next to St. Patrick's Cathedral, it offers views of the cathedral's buttresses and Fifth Avenue. Upon construction, it became a prime real estate location for the glitterati of that time.
The planned use of the building was a groundbreaking concept at that time because it was the first mixed use zoned for Fifth Avenue, which had 21 floors of offices, 30 of condominiums and high-end retail on the first floor. It was designed by the architectural firm of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, who also designed the Willis Tower and John Hancock Center in Chicago, as well as many other high-rise buildings in the U.S. and worldwide.
Olympic Tower was the first residential condominium building in New York to have been built on a ground lease, and set a precedent for many future high end developments such as neighboring Trump Tower. In 2012, an Oxford Properties partnership purchased a minority interest in the buildings retail that valued it at over $1 billion.
Aventura.
Donald Soffer had the property where Aventura is located and wanted to create a project on it called Biscayne Village. Having difficulty getting financing on his own he went to the John Hancock insurance company who agreed to finance the project if Arlen was the lead developer. As a result of the Village of Biscayne Park incorporated in Dade County objected to the name as it would be confusing the name was changed to Aventura creating the early development of the city Aventura, Florida. Arlens other developments in the county included residential developments (Arlen House, Arlen Beach House, Arlen House East, and Arlen House West), as well as office developments, and the Aventura Country Club.
Notable New York City Developments.
Arlen's other high profile New York City developments include the Arlen Building or 888 7th Avenue which was built in 1971 and served as the company's corporate headquarters. In addition to other properties such as 1500 Broadway in Times Square, 1166 Avenue of the Americas, the Westyard Building at 450 West 33rd Street, and 800 Third Avenue.
Shopping Centers and Suburban Strip Retail.
Arlen's shopping center division was headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee and owned and managed many large regional shopping centers and hundreds of strip retail properties across the United States and Puerto Rico. In 1970, Arlen's shopping center division merged with Charles Lebovitz's Independent Enterprises in order to form Arlen subsidiary Arlen Shopping Center Group. Charles Lebovitz, the founder and current chairman of CBL & Associates served as president of Arlen Shopping Center Group throughout the 1970s. Some of Arlen's larger shopping center developments include the Jefferson Valley Mall, Monmouth Mall, Swansea Mall, North Dartmouth Mall, Springfield Mall, and Orlando Fashion Square. Lebovitz went on to spin off Arlen Shopping Center Group into CBL & Associates in 1978.
E.J. Korvette's.
Arlen owned Korvette's From 1971 to 1979, and used Korvette's 50 stores as a source of cash flow. Under Arlen's ownership, Korvette's stores deteriorated and lost market share relative to other retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="36837955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837955" title="Houzhu">
Houzhu

Houzhu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36837958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837958" title="Anke Sonnenbrodt">
Anke Sonnenbrodt

Anke Sonnenbrodt is a German freestyle swimmer who won two silver medals at the 1983 European Aquatics Championships. The same year she set a European record in the 800 m freestyle. She missed the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles that were boycotted by East Germany, and instead competed at the Friendship Games, where she won a bronze medal in the 400 m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36837968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837968" title="Unconditional (film)">
Unconditional (film)

Unconditional is a 2012 Christian drama film written and directed by Brent McCorkle, inspired by true events. It is the first film by Harbinger Media Partners, which aims to "produce high quality theatrical films that honor God and inspire viewers to pursue him and serve others." The producers of the movie have partnered with a number of charitable and non-profit organizations to encourage moviegoers to meet the needs of others in their communities.
The film is based on the actual story of Joe Bradford, who grew up in a rural area of Tennessee. When he developed kidney disease, Joe and his wife Denise were forced to move to a low-income area of Nashville. When they arrived, they were confronted by the needs of the underprivileged children in their neighborhood. Joe and Denise began to reach out to them and also started directing a choir of inner-city children. Many of the fatherless children embraced Joe, who became known as "Papa Joe." Together with his wife, he founded Elijah's Heart, a non-profit organization, in 2005 to help children in need.
The film is the first feature-length project directed by Brent McCorkle, who also wrote the screenplay and edited the film. He previously worked on several short films, including "The Rift", which won an award in the 2009 Doorpost Film Project.
Plot.
Samantha Crawford lives a dream life. She is happily married on a ranch where she keeps her beloved horse, and the stories she's told and illustrated since childhood have become published books.
When her husband Billy is tragically killed, Sam loses her faith and will to live. A death-defying encounter with two children leads to a reunion with Joe, her oldest friend. As Sam watches "Papa" Joe care for and love the kids in his under-resourced neighborhood, she begins to believe that the love of God is always reaching out to her.
Release.
The film was released to theaters on September 21, 2012. Released on DVD March 5, 2013.
Critical reception.
"Unconditional" received positive reviews from film critics, especially from the religious media. It currently has an 89% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes from viewers, and 67% from critics. David Martindale gave the film a B+ on "Dallas Morning News", introducing it as "a little movie with a big heart, a message film that doesn't taste like medicine." He said, "Unconditional has a lot going for it. In addition to a solid cast, headed by Lynn Collins ("John Carter") as Sam and Michael Ealy ("Think Like a Man") as Joe, it has an elegant script and striking visuals." Gary Goldstein of the "Los Angelos Times" was not as favorable in his review, saying that the film included too many cliches and that director Brent McCorkle needed to have "a bit more, er, faith in his audience."
The film has received an outstanding reception by Christian leaders and film critics. Russ Breimeier of Christianity Today said, ""Unconditional" sets itself apart with quality filmmaking and redemptive storytelling delivered with authenticity." Ted Baehr of "Movieguide" called the film "wholesome" and "redemptive", praising the film as "a beautifully made movie with a captivating, inspiring story."

</doc>
<doc id="36837980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36837980" title="Lucius Caninius Gallus (consul 37 BC)">
Lucius Caninius Gallus (consul 37 BC)

Lucius Caninius Gallus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman politician who served as consul in 37 BC.
Biography.
A member of the Plebeian gens Caninia Gallus was the son of Lucius Caninius Gallus, and a grandson of Gaius Antonius Hybrida. Related to the "triumvir" Marc Antony, Gallus was probably elected to the office of Praetor by 40 BC at the latest. He was then elected consul alongside Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa in 37 BC.
Gallus may have been a patron of the Latin poet Sextus Propertius.

</doc>
<doc id="36838000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838000" title="Peter Denton">
Peter Denton

Peter Denton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36838097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838097" title="Wiarus">
Wiarus

Wiarus (Veteran Defender) was the name of a Polish-language newspaper published in Winona, Minnesota from 1886 to 1893 and 1895 to 1919; in 1893 it was renamed "Katolik", but reverted to its original name in 1895. Wiarus also provided printing services for Winona's Kashubian Polish community. From 1886 to 1902, "Wiarus" was edited by the famed Kashubian-born poet and journalist Hieronim Derdowski. In its heyday, "Wiarus" was said to be the most widely circulated Polish-language newspaper in the United States.
Establishment of "Wiarus".
The first edition of "Wiarus" is dated February 11, 1886, but at least one authoritative contemporary source gives Wiarus a starting date of 1885. The date of 1885 must certainly refer to the discussions culminating in the foundation of "Wiarus". Led by the pastor, Reverend Jan Romuald Byzewski, Kashubian Poles from Winona's Saint Stanislaus Kostka Parish pooled their resources to start a newspaper which would represent the interests of Winona's Kashubian Poles, at both the local and national levels. Two Winona Polish papers, "Przyjaciel Ludu" (People's Friend) and "Kurjer Winonski" (Winona Courier) had already failed. The Winona Daily Republican for February 18, 1886 states that officers of the Wiarus stock company were: Reverend Jan Byzewski, president; John B. Bambenek, vice-president; V.A. Lorbiecki, secretary; Frank Drazkowski, treasurer. The founders selected the title Wiarus to reflect the paper's values, as expressed below:
The first three issues of Wiarus were edited by Frank Drazkowski, the fourth through the tenth by Antoni Paryski (also called Parisso or Parek). Paryski is regarded by Winona historians to have been some kind of a Russian spy, but, in fact, later founded the influential Toledo-based newspaper "Ameryka-Echo", which survived until 1971. Heated allegations such as this were typical of that day's Polish-language press, as editors competed for influence and subscribers among a Polish American community just beginning to recognize its own strength. The third and most famous editor of Wiarus, Hieronim Derdowski, was no stranger to controversy either. Better known (then and now) as an influential Kashubian and Polish poet, Derdowski emigrated to the United States in 1885 and had already worn out his welcome at two Detroit newspapers: the socialist "Gazeta Narodowa" and the Polish Roman Catholic Union of America-supported "Pielgrzym Polski". Evidently, he had not been the first choice of Wiarus's editorial board, even though he had expressed interest and his fellow-Kashubian Father Byzewski must have known about him at least by reputation. But with the eleventh issue of "Wiarus", a new era began.
Derdowski Takes Charge.
Given free rein by "Wiarus"'s editorial board, Derdowski assumed his editorial duties with great relish. The editorial board sold "Wiarus" to Franciszek Gryglaszewski of Minneapolis, censor of the Polish National Alliance. On January 19, 1889, Derdowski bought the newspaper from Gryglaszewski for $3,000, becoming both editor and publisher. Practically nothing escaped Derdowski's attention. He took an interest in both local and national Polish affairs, including developments in what was once Poland. Although himself of Kashubian birth, he took great pride in the quality of his own Polish prose. He also gave himself credit for teaching the Kashubians of Winona "proper Polish," and for a while published a supplement called Kosciuszko for younger Polish American readers. As late as Spring 1892, Wiarus enjoyed the good esteem of the PRCUA, to judge from the Dziennik Chicagoski of March 3, 1892:
Unfortunately for Derdowski, he was not a very good businessman. His side ventures as a travel agent and printer did not bring much money, and circulation was therefore always a problem. His own personality gravitated toward the sensational, and if he could channel this into his family business, so much the better. This tactic, however, caused more insult than it did profit. That said, "Wiarus" performed a unique and important role in America's Polish-language press, not only representing the entire Polish community of the state of Minnesota, but serving as a clearing-house for communication between small Polish communities throughout Minnesota and the Dakotas.
"Katolik".
Beginning with the June 1, 1893 issue and ending with the August 1, 1895, the name of the paper was changed to Katolik. Some sort of realignment was involved, but it is difficult to tell precisely what. The "Katolik" contained some interesting things. On page 5 of the February 22, 1894 edition of Katolik appeared an "Oda Perhamska" - a paean to the Polish people of Perham, Minnesota. Apparently the change involved more than poetry: "Dziennik Chicagoski" for March 25, 1895 records a demonstration at Saint Stanislaus Kostka Parish of Chicago against "Katolik" and another Polish-language paper referred to as Kropidlo. The April 8 "Dziennik Chicagoski" represents a similar demonstration by Chicago's Saint John Kantius Parish.
"Katolik" was also heavily involved in the local uproar at Winona's Saint Stanislaus Kostka Parish. Father Byzewski's 1890 departure as pastor set in motion a test of wills between the local Kashubian community and Rev. Joseph B. Cotter, first bishop of the newly (1889) erected Diocese of Winona. There was a revolving door of pastors, including one Father Konstantin Domagalski, who had written for Wiarus under the name of Cyrulik ("The Barber") and Father Antoni Klawiter, who would eventually part ways with the Roman Catholic Church and become an "independent" priest. The uproar ended in 1894 when Bishop Cotter appointed Father Jakub W.J. Pacholski as pastor. From that point Father Pacholski ran Saint Stanislaus - and, indeed, Winona's Kashubian community - with a firm hand until his death in 1932. It is quite likely, pace Ochrymowycz, that Father Pacholski was responsible for changing the name from Katolik back to Wiarus, and not the other way around.
Decline and Fall.
A year or so after changing his newspaper's name back to "Wiarus", it would appear that Derdowski suffered a stroke. A March 26, 1897 article from "Narod Polski", the PRCUA's national newspaper, shows that he retained his power to offend: But Derdowski had lost his edge. Constant exposure to the high-pressure polemic of America's Polish-language newspaper world and the pressures of providing for his family took its toll on his health. Sadly, Derdowski's death on August 13, 1902 was scarcely even noticed by the Winona newspapers, although remarked by others. After Derdowski's death, Wiarus lost most of its national prominence, although it still sold quite well in Minnesota and in the Dakotas.
Derdowski's widow, Joanna, kept up the good fight, running "Wiarus" until 1915, when she sold the newspaper. Wiarus suspended publication on December 17, 1919. A complete set of bound volumes of "Wiarus" and "Katolik" was preserved by John C. Bambenek, the newspaper's last business manager and later, Winona County Treasurer. By courtesy of the Bambenek family, these bound volumes were microfilmed by the Minnesota Historical Society and now reside at the Polish Cultural Institute and Museum in Winona.

</doc>
<doc id="36838106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838106" title="Cocaine in the United States">
Cocaine in the United States

Cocaine is the second most popular illegal recreational drug in the United States behind marijuana, and the U.S. is the world's largest consumer of cocaine. Cocaine is also used legitimately as a prescription drug. Cocaine is commonly used in middle to upper class communities. It is also popular among college students as a party drug. Its users span over different ages, races, and professions. In the 1970s and 1980s, the drug became particularly popular in the disco culture as cocaine usage was very common and popular in many discos such as Studio 54.
The National Household Survey on Drug Abuse (NHSDA) reported in 1999 that cocaine was used by 3.7 million Americans, or 1.7% of the household population age 12 and older. Estimates of the current number of those who use cocaine regularly (at least once per month) vary, but 1.5 million is a widely accepted figure within the research community. In 2001, more Hispanics received sentences for crimes relating to powder cocaine than any other ethnicity while more African Americans were convicted of crimes relating to crack cocaine in the United States.
Although cocaine use had not significantly changed over the six years prior to 1999, the number of first-time users went up from 574,000 in 1991, to 934,000 in 1998an increase of 63%. While these numbers indicated that cocaine is still widely present in the United States, its use was significantly less prevalent than during the early 1980s.
Usage among youth.
The 1999 Monitoring the Future (MTF) survey found the proportion of American students reporting use of powdered cocaine rose during the 1990s. In 1991, 2.3% of eighth-graders stated that they had used cocaine in their lifetime. This figure rose to 4.7% in 1999. For the older grades, increases began in 1992 and continued through the beginning of 1999. Between those years, lifetime use of cocaine went from 3.3% to 7.7% for tenth-graders and from 6.1% to 9.8% for high school seniors. Lifetime use of crack cocaine, according to MTF, also increased among eighth-, tenth-, and twelfth-graders, from an average of 2% in 1991 to 3.9% in 1999.
Perceived risk and disapproval of cocaine and crack use both decreased during the 1990s at all three grade levels. The 1999 NHSDA found the highest rate of monthly cocaine use was for those aged 18–25 at 1.7%, an increase from 1.2% in 1997. Rates declined between 1996 and 1998 for ages 26–34, while rates slightly increased for the 12–17 and 35+ age groups. Studies also show people are experimenting with cocaine at younger ages. NHSDA found a steady decline in the mean age of first use from 23.6 years in 1992 to 20.6 years in 1998.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="36838118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838118" title="Infrastructure Partnerships Australia">
Infrastructure Partnerships Australia

Infrastructure Partnerships Australia (IPA) is a corporate lobby group representing Australia’s infrastructure industry.
Infrastructure Partnerships Australia was launched in 2005 by then NSW Premier Morris Iemma, and in Victoria by then Treasurer John Brumby, drawing together senior public and private sector Chief Executives in infrastructure businesses. The Australian Council for Infrastructure Development (AusCID) amalgamated with Infrastructure Partnerships Australia in September 2006.
Infrastructure Partnerships Australia aspires to inform the public policy debate around solutions to Australia's infrastructure challenges, initially focussed largely on the development of privately financed procurement models, including public private partnerships (PPPs). Topics covered include a report on high-speed rail in Australia.
Infrastructure Partnerships Australia's policy and research programme is informed by its organisation’s National Advisory Board, policy taskforces and research units looking at taxation and regulations bearing on infrastructure markets. Publications include the quarterly Australian Infrastructure Metric, Powering Queensland (on selling Queensland's electricity grid) and The Blue Book, An analysis of the infrastructure and related policies of the Abbott Government.
The group’s Chairman is Adrian Kloeden. The CEO is Brendan Lyon. IPA's Patrons include founding Chairman Mark Birrell, former NSW Liberal Premier Nick Greiner, Leighton's CEO Wal King, Macquarie Group's Nicholas Moore, former Sydney Water Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Kerry Schott and Transfield's Tony Shepherd 

</doc>
<doc id="36838215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838215" title="The Duel (Kuprin novel)">
The Duel (Kuprin novel)

The Duel (; "Poedinok") is a novel by Russian author Aleksandr Kuprin published in 1905. It is generally considered his best work; even though Kuprin's 1896 short story "Moloch" first made his name known as a writer it was "The Duel" (1905) which made him famous. Because of it "Kuprin was highly praised by fellow writers including Anton Chekhov, Maxim Gorky, Leonid Andreyev, Nobel Prize-winning Ivan Bunin" and Leo Tolstoy who acclaimed him a true successor to Chekhov. 
Synopsis.
It concerns an intelligent young officer, Second Lieutenant Romashov, stationed at a dull military garrison in southern Russia where he can not stomach his sadistic and stupid colleagues and military life. He falls in love with the wife of a superior officer, a cold and calculating woman whose one ambition is her husband's advancement. The affair leads in the end to the duel of the title, both externally, and figuratively through the young mans naive dreams of grandeur confronting the degeneration of military life and society of the time.
Critical reception.
The novel was published soon after the end of the Russo-Japanese War — which Russia lost — and many saw it as a political criticism of the Russian military system. Kuprin considered himself a realist and uninterested in politics, but the timing of the work and Kuprin's own experience in the military — he served seven years as an Army Lieutenant starting in 1890 — led many to give it special political relevance. Translator Josh Billings (2011) said the novel was partly a "revenge on the rosily-romantic picture of garrison life made popular by the warmongering of the early 1900s."
Adaptations.
A Soviet adaption to film was made in 1982, called "Shurochka" with screenplay and direction by Iosif Kheifits, starring Yelena Finogeyeva, Andrei Nikolayev and Lyudmila Gurchenko.

</doc>
<doc id="36838373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838373" title="Moritz Nebel">
Moritz Nebel

Moritz Nebel (born 25 October 1991) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Augsburg II in the Regionalliga Bayern.

</doc>
<doc id="36838379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838379" title="Solo Piano II">
Solo Piano II

Solo Piano II is an album by Chilly Gonzales which was released on August 27, 2012. The album features 14 original compositions for piano written and performed by Chilly Gonzales himself.
The album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize on June 13, 2013.
Background.
The ideas for the pieces were formed through improvisation and extensive note-taking of melodies and other musical ideas over years. His younger experience with jazz is noticeable, and some critics still compare him to Erik Satie. Four tracks, "White Keys", "Kenaston", "Othello" and "Train of Thought" were also recorded for "Pianovision" videos on YouTube and Vimeo, which give the viewer a top-down perspective of "Chilly Gonzales" performance on the piano. "Chilly Gonzales" regularly allows his audience to closely watch him playing, as was the case for his first Solo Piano album tour, where a video camera directly above him projected his playing to a large screen that the audience can see.

</doc>
<doc id="36838393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838393" title="Davao Light &amp; Power Co., Inc.">
Davao Light &amp; Power Co., Inc.

Davao Light and Power Company is a Davao-based Filipino electricity company and the third largest privately owned electric utility in the Philippines and is owned by Aboitiz & Co.. In 2007, the company had 247,341 customers and 290,000 customers in 2012.
The company was originally owned by P. H. Frank but was sold to Jon Ramon Aboitiz in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="36838404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838404" title="Hanriot (disambiguation)">
Hanriot (disambiguation)

Hanriot Aircraft Company
Hanriot may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36838424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838424" title="Üzümlü (disambiguation)">
Üzümlü (disambiguation)

Üzümlü is a Turkish place name and it may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="36838431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838431" title="Tennis at the 1958 Asian Games">
Tennis at the 1958 Asian Games

Tennis was contested at the 1958 Asian Games in New National Tennis Courts, Tokyo, Japan from May 25 to May 30, 1958. Tennis had doubles and singles events for men and women, as well as a mixed doubles competition.
Participating nations.
A total of 60 athletes from 15 nations competed in tennis at the 1958 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="36838433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838433" title="Walchand group">
Walchand group

Walchand group came into existence in the 20th century founded by industrialist Walchand Hirachand Doshi.
Walchand Hirachand founded several companies, some of which were among the firsts in India in their fields :-
Walchand Hirachand was assisted by his brothers, when they grew up. As Walchand died without any male issues, the group was divided amongst sons of his brothers Gulabchand Hirachand, Lalchand Hirachand & Ratanchand Hirachand, who operated together till they were alive. The group, however, in general is referred to as Walchand group in media.
Walchand group is now largely bifurcated between two factions - one headed by Ajit Gulabchand son of Gulabchand Hirachand and other faction by sons of Lalchand and Ratanchand. 

</doc>
<doc id="36838439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838439" title="Solid (Groundhogs album)">
Solid (Groundhogs album)

Solid is a 1974 blues-rock album recorded by The Groundhogs, originally released by WWA Records. It was arranged, composed, engineered and produced by band member Tony McPhee. It entered the UK album charts in July 1974 reaching number 31 but remained in the charts for only one week.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Tony McPhee

</doc>
<doc id="36838465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838465" title="Astronomical acronyms">
Astronomical acronyms

At the 2012 General Assembly of the International Astronomical Union (IAU; the international body for professional astronomy), the organising committee of IAU Commission 5 (Data and Information) requested the creation of a list of Astronomical Acronyms on Wikipedia. This list of acronyms and initials is not definitive but reflects current usage amongst professional astronomers.

</doc>
<doc id="36838470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838470" title="Mehdi Rahimi">
Mehdi Rahimi

Mehdi Rahimi (1921 - 16 February 1979) was an Iranian military general. He was a loyal supporter of the Shah, Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, the final monarch of Iran who ruled from 1941 to 1979. He was executed following the 1979 revolution in Iran.
Early life.
Rahimi was born in Tehran, Iran.
Career.
Rahimi served as deputy commander of the Imperial Guard, Tehran police chief as well as the president of the Wrestling Federation of Iran. He was a lieutenant general and the last military commander and the chief of police of Tehran during the final days of the Pahlavi Dynasty and before Tehran fell to the revolutionary forces of the 1979 Iranian Islamic Revolution.
Arrest and execution.
Shortly after the Islamic Revolution in February 1979 and the takeover of all military bases and police stations by the pro-Khomeini Islamists, Rahimi was spotted by a subordinate as he was walking away from a military base near Sepah Square and arrested. By his own account as stated during his televised interrogation, Rahimi was beaten and tortured by the Islamic revolutionaries, arrested and taken to Refah School in Central Tehran. The interrogation which lasted 5 hours, resulted in a death sentence for Rahimi, as well as three other high profile generals of the former regime. Sadegh Khalkhali presided over the proceedings and announced his death sentence on the charge of "Warring with God" and "Corrupter on Earth".
Rahimi was executed by a firing squad at midnight just before 16 February 1979, on the rooftop of Refah School, which was used as temporary residence by Ayatollah Khomeini. He refused to be blind-folded and stated that he wanted to die as a general loyal to his commander-in-chief. It has been said that his last words were "Javid Shah" (long live the Shah) and the expression of loyalty to Iran.
Major Iranian newspapers published the news of his execution on the morning of 16 February 1979 along with gruesome pictures of his body as well as those of other executed generals. The pictures of him reflect the fact that his right arm was severed before the execution.
Personal life.
Rahimi married twice. He is survived by his second wife, Manijeh, who settled in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36838495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838495" title="Adriano Valerini">
Adriano Valerini

Adriano Valerini (active circa 1560-died 1590s) was an Italian actor of Commedia dell'arte, active in Northern Italy.
He was born in Verona, and could read Latin and Greek. He was the head of a company of actors. In Milan, he fell under the censorship of Charles Borromeo. He has published a tragic play "l'Afrodite", nearly one hundred madrigals, a funeral oration for the fellow comic and possible mistress Vincenza Armani, and the play "Belleze di Verona".

</doc>
<doc id="36838497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838497" title="Barry, Robin &amp; Maurice Gibb">
Barry, Robin &amp; Maurice Gibb

The songwriting partnership of the English brothers Barry Gibb, Robin Gibb and Maurice Gibb, known as Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb (and occasionally B.Gibb/R.Gibb/M.Gibb), is a musical collaboration whose output has produced the majority of the catalogue of the Bee Gees.
Gibb compositions have been the subject of numerous cover versions. Radio and television host Paul Gambaccini has stated that Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb were second only to Lennon and McCartney as the most successful songwriting unit in British popular music.
Background.
From 1962 to 1965, Barry Gibb was the only songwriter of the band, but in 1966, Robin and Maurice worked together with Barry as a group to create and record their own songs. The first song credited to B.Gibb/R.Gibb/M.Gibb was "The Storm". The first song written by Robin Gibb was "I Don't Know Why I Bother With Myself" (the song was released on the album "Spicks and Specks") The writing credits on their 1967 album "Bee Gees' 1st" put Robin first, as in R. & B. Gibb (Polydor UK) or Robin and Barry Gibb (Atco). The other songs were credited to B.Gibb/R.Gibb/M.Gibb, which include "I Close My Eyes", "Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You" and "Close Another Door"
The writing credits on Robin's fifth solo album "Walls Have Eyes" also put Robin first, as in R, B & M. Gibb, the songs were: "Like a Fool", "Possession", "Someone to Believe In", "These Walls Have Eyes", "Toys", "Do You Love Her?" and "Heartbeat in Exile".
Other credits.
A number of songs written primarily by the trio and recorded by the Bee Gees were credited as follows:
Most of the songs on the Bee Gees' first and second was credited to Barry. <br> Most of the songs on their first international album "Bee Gees' 1st" (1967), was credited to Barry and Robin. <br> Most of the songs on "Cucumber Castle" (1970) was credited to Barry and Maurice.
Non-Bee Gees songs.
Some Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb compositions have been released only by artists other than Bee Gees include:

</doc>
<doc id="36838506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838506" title="Rudolf Martin (disambiguation)">
Rudolf Martin (disambiguation)

Rudolf Martin is a German actor working mainly in the United States. Other people named Rudolf Martin include:

</doc>
<doc id="36838507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838507" title="Tommy Doucet">
Tommy Doucet

Tom (Tommy) Doucet (June 8, 1902 - around 1992) was an Acadian fiddler. He was born in Concession, Digby County, Nova Scotia, Canada. He emigrated to the Boston area, where he became very active in the club and dance hall music scene in the 1920s and 1930s. His repertoire included jigs, reels, foxtrots and 'hot' tunes.
Doucet recorded two albums. "Down East Star", which was drawn from home recordings, includes some of his best material from his early period. The tracks on this album are: Temperance Reel Medley; Panhandle Swing; Blue Belles Of Scotland; Tom’s E- Flat Clog/Banks/Autocrat; Superior Medley; Mrs. Dundas of Arniston; Lancers; Erin Reel; Joanne Reel; Shrips Clog; High Level Hornpipe; Fred Allen's; Irving's Clog/Cotton Eyed Joe; St. Lawrence River; Durham's Bull; Decision Reel; Shepard's Reel Medley; and St. Elmo's Clog.
He died around 1992 in Lynn, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="36838519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838519" title="Pindai Caves">
Pindai Caves

The Pindai Caves of New Caledonia are an archaeological and palaeontological site important for the study of prehistoric human settlement as well as of the Holocene fauna of the island. The Pindai area has been occupied by humans for varying periods over the last 2800 years.
Description.
The site comprises six caves, in coral limestone upraised about 5 m, at the seaward tip of the Népoui Peninsula on the north-west coast of Grande Terre, about 240 km north-west of Noumea. Two of the caves have easy walk-in access; they contain the richest cultural material and the fewest fossils. The other four caves are sinkholes capable of trapping animals, especially ground-dwelling and flightless birds, and contain the most fossils. All the caves broaden from their entrances into large underground chambers.
Numerous subfossils of extinct fauna have been found in the caves, including the endemic terrestrial crocodile "Mekosuchus", the giant horned turtle "Meiolania", and numerous bird taxa, with remains of the giant flightless "Sylviornis" being especially common.

</doc>
<doc id="36838535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838535" title="Witchcraft (Obtained Enslavement album)">
Witchcraft (Obtained Enslavement album)

Witchcraft is a studio album by Obtained Enslavement, released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36838566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838566" title="Pedi (sheep)">
Pedi (sheep)

Pedi sheep are a breed of sheep native to South Africa. One of three of the Nguni type, along with Zulu and Swazi, they have been in the region since 200-400 AD. The breed gets its name and characteristics from having been raised primarily by the Bapedi people in the south of the country. Pedi are a smaller fat-tailed sheep kept for meat, are polled, and are generally white, brown, and red. 

</doc>
<doc id="36838574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838574" title="Rey Cross">
Rey Cross

Rey Cross is the remains of a stone cross at Stainmore. It is also known as Rere Cross or Rear Cross.
Purpose.
Believed to have been ten feet tall, a long-held local legend states it was the burial place of Eric Bloodaxe, Viking Ruler of Northumbria. However, Norman Davies posits that it was a "boundary stone . . . halfway between Penrith and Barnard Castle."
Recent History.
In 1989, the widening of route A66 was planned through Stainmore, and an excavation was done. No bones were found at the site, although it remains possible that Eric's burial might be elsewhere on the Stainmore moors. The remains of the monument were removed a short distance, and is easy accessible from the road.

</doc>
<doc id="36838578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838578" title="Uganda Bureau of Statistics">
Uganda Bureau of Statistics

The Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) is an agency of the Government of Uganda. 

</doc>
<doc id="36838609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838609" title="Portuguese manual alphabet">
Portuguese manual alphabet

The Portuguese manual alphabet is the manual alphabet used in Portuguese Sign Language. Compared to other manual alphabets based on the Latin alphabet, it has unusual forms for many of its letters.

</doc>
<doc id="36838633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838633" title="Alfred Newman (architect)">
Alfred Newman (architect)

Alfred Gambier Newman (18 January 1875 – 18 January 1921) was an Australian architect active in the first 20 years of the 20th century. He designed significant work for both the Methodist Church and the Newman and Vickery families.
Early life.
Newman was born in Mount Gambier, South Australia, one of eight children of Emma Ann (née Fisher) and the Rev. Charles Thomas Newman. He was educated at Prince Alfred College (PAC), Adelaide (1887–1890) where his art master was James Ashton. After leaving PAC, Newman studied art and design at the South Australian School of Art . In 1896 his mother died in Kapunda. and in 1900 his father married Elizabeth Vickery, the daughter of Ebenezer Vickery, merging two prominent Methodist families.
Architect.
Newman worked as an architect in Adelaide and became an Associate of the South Australian Institute of Architects in 1898. He advertised in "The Advertiser" as "Alfred G Newman A.S.A.I.A. Architect" of Augusta Street Glenelg, South Australia and later in King William Street, Adelaide before moving to Sydney in 1906. He resigned from the South Australian Roll of Architects in 1909.
Marriage and family.
Newman and his wife lived at "Ingleburn", Kingsland Road, Strathfield, and had three daughters, one stillborn. He died at home in Strathfield in 1921.
Church commissions.
From the time Newman moved to Sydney he was a superintendent of the Sunday school at the Strathfield Methodist Church and over a period of 15 years did a substational amount of design work for the church. His buildings include:
Churches.
For the Church of Christ he designed:

</doc>
<doc id="36838675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838675" title="Reginaldo Francisco del Valle">
Reginaldo Francisco del Valle

Reginaldo Francisco del Valle was a 19th Century California state senator who was instrumental in forming Los Angeles State Normal School, the predecessor to the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and who, as a Los Angeles city water commissioner, was a leader in bringing water from the distant Sierra to the city.
Personal.
Del Valle was born on December 15, 1854, in an adobe house facing the Plaza in Los Angeles, the son of Ygnacio del Valle of Compostela, Jalisco, Mexico and Ysabel Varela, who was born in California. In 1861, the family moved to Rancho Camulos in today's Ventura and Los Angeles counties.
A 2006 study of del Valle headed by David E. Hayes-Bautista reported that: "Young Reginaldo was tutored at home, becoming fluent in English and French as well as Spanish." He went to St. Vincent's College in Los Angeles for high school (1867–71) and, after graduating with honors, attended Santa Clara University, where he graduated in 1873. He read law with the San Francisco firm of Winans and Belknap, and he passed the state bar examination in 1877.
Del Valle opened his law office at 38 Temple Block, just a few steps from the Plaza. He was noted as a "logical and concise speaker" in an accent "with just a suave hint of Castilian."
On September 2, 1890, in San Francisco, he married Helen M. Caystile, widowed six years previously from T.J. Caystile, co-owner of the "Los Angeles Daily Times," and adopted the Caystiles' daughter, Helen. The new couple had another daughter, Lucretia del Valle, who married Henry F. Grady of San Francisco.
Del Valle was a member of the Los Angeles Athletic Club, La Junta Patriotica de Juárez, the Original Young Spanish Americans and the Club Cura Hidalgo.
He died on September 20, 1938, leaving his daughter Lucretia Grady and a sister, Josefa del Valle Forster. Requiem mass was in the Old Plaza Church, and interment was in Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles.
Political.
State Assembly.
A Democrat, del Valle was a California Assembly member in 1880–81. In that position, he unsuccessfully opposed a bill that required all state offices to keep their records only in English, instead of in both Spanish and English as theretofore.
While an Assembly member, del Valle received a letter from former Governor John G. Downey, dated February 22, 1890, encouraging him to "push for a Los Angeles location" for a new state normal school, which would specialize in teacher training. Del Valle introduced such a bill within two weeks, but after months of wrangling, this and other bills submitted by other assemblymen on behalf of their counties were either defeated, withdrawn or killed.
In the 1881 Assembly session, del Valle was nominated for the speakership but lost by three votes. On January 4, 1881, he introduced another bill to establish a branch normal school in Los Angeles, and, after parliamentary maneuvering, a similar bill that had already passed the State Senate was adopted in the Assembly and signed into law by Governor George C. Perkins. As a result, according to a history of the Los Angeles State Normal School written twenty-five years later, "Mr. Del Valle became a target for the Workingman's Delegation of San Francisco, some members of which in the heat of the debate made use of sharp personalities."
This law established a branch normal school in Los Angeles, which in a few years became a separate institution an eventually was turned into the University of California, Los Angeles.
State Senate.
Del Valle was elected to the California State Senate in 1882 and served until 1885. In the latter year, the "Los Angeles Times" noted that del Valle:
"is the parliamentarian "par excellence" in the upper House. Since his school days at Santa Clara College, he is generally accredited with having adopted Cushing's unabridged, so to say, as his Bible. . . . He never hesitates for an instant, and is even a little arrogant in the promptness with which he decides every point and rushes the work along. No one ever thinks of appealing from his decisions.
As a senator, del Valle fought to establish the new Los Angeles institution as a school in its own right, with a separate board of trustees and separate governance from the statewide institution, which was headquartered in San Jose and dominated by Northern California members. Although he left the Senate in 1886, his proposal was eventually put into law, and del Valle was noted as the "intellectual author" of the legislation that authorized it.
Water.
Del Valle served on the city Public Services Commission for twenty-one years, beginning in 1908. He was the one who brokered peace in the "water wars" when irate ranchers dynamited the Los Angeles Aqueduct, which brought water to the city from the Owens River valley. "To him, as much as to anyone, Los Angeles owes the mighty aqueduct that was built to tap the water of the Sierra," the "Los Angeles Times" noted, and the "Los Angeles Examiner" said, "The city's present water system is a monument to his energetic leadership."
Other.
Del Valle ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 1884 and for lieutenant governor in 1890. He was admitted to practice before the U.S. Supreme Court in 1893, and he was chairman of the Democratic State Conventions in 1888 and 1894. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1900 in Kansas City, Missouri.
With his friend Charles Lummis, del Valle was a founding member of the Landmarks Club of Southern California, formed in 1887 to advocate for the restoration of the California missions. He also was "one of the forty founding members of the Southern California Historical Society and spearheaded the committee to restore the San Fernando Mission and the mark El Camino Real with bells."
In 1892 del Valle was a lecturer in parliamentary law in the newly opened Southern California College of Law, and later he "formed a number of law partnerships."

</doc>
<doc id="36838690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838690" title="K. Janardanan">
K. Janardanan

K. Janardanan, better known as Artist Janardanan, is a painter in the state of Kerala, India. His paintings depict the culture and tradition of Kannur, which has a resonant past with myths and legends. He has a genuine passion for Theyyam, which is the vibrant ritual dance of North Kerala. His most acclaimed art works symbolizes the rich cultural heritage and folklore of his land. Though Theyyam had been used a motif in his paintings in 80’s, he has made a significant move as his recent works show a different context. He is emphasizing more on figurations. His paintings are also sensitive to the social environment and they empathize with human beings in distress. Though he was adept in perpetually changing trends of art, he maintains a very exceptional and captivating style of his own. His paintings have their own language and no wonder they won him rave reviews.
Early life.
Janardanan was born in Kannur, a district in North Kerala, India in 1935. He started off his art education at a very young age. He worked as Head, Department of Art and photography, Calicut University and he dedicates his retired life for art and paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36838694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838694" title="Michael Sotillo">
Michael Sotillo

Michael Sotillo (born 23 September 1984) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Sport Huancayo in the Torneo Descentralizado, as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Michael Sotillo began his career with Sport Boys in 2002.
He then had a brief spell with Segunda División side C.D. Universidad San Marcos in 2007 season. He returned to Sport Boys in January 2008. Finally he made his debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in Round 2 of the 2008 season at home against Cienciano. Sotillo replaced Salomon Libman in goal and managed to keep a clean-sheet on his debut.

</doc>
<doc id="36838698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838698" title="Making Social Science Matter">
Making Social Science Matter

Making Social Science Matter: Why Social Inquiry Fails and How It Can Succeed Again is a 2001 book by Bent Flyvbjerg, who is critical of the social sciences. First, he argues that the social sciences have failed as science. Second, he develops the argument that in order to matter again the social sciences must model themselves after phronesis (as opposed to episteme, which is at the core of natural science). Finally, he develops methodological guidelines and shows practical examples of how a phronetic social science may be employed for research purposes.
Flyvbjerg rejects the natural science model as an ideal for the social sciences and suggests that social sciences are more relevant to people, e.g., ordinary citizens and policy makers. Flyvbjerg argues that to gain relevance, social science must inform practical reason; accordingly this is best done by a focus on values and power. In terms of the philosophy and history of science, Flyvbjerg takes his cue from Aristotle rather than from Socrates and Plato.
Flyvbjerg's book "" is an example of the methodology and theory developed in "Making Social Science Matter" employed in practice.
Reception.
According to Caterino and Schram, "The special thing about Flyvbjerg's challenge to social science is the way it bridges theory and practice in a way that unites philosophical and empirical subdivisions in the social sciences." In this manner, the book transgresses disciplinary boundaries to make a more compelling call for a social science that people could use to make a difference in their lives.

</doc>
<doc id="36838723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838723" title="Jamilah bint Adwan">
Jamilah bint Adwan

Jamilah bint Adwan (), (born about 180 CE) was the paternal great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother and maternal -great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother of Islamic prophet Muhammad.
She was daughter of Adwan ibn bariq of Banu Azd of Yemen.
Jamilah was one of Malik ibn an-Nadr's wives and bore him Fihr was the progenitor of the Quraysh clan.

</doc>
<doc id="36838726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838726" title="Norwegian Maritime Authority">
Norwegian Maritime Authority

The Norwegian Maritime Authority () is a Norwegian government agency responsible for life, health, working conditions and the environment for Norwegian registered ships and ships at Norwegian ports. The authority, subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry, is located in Haugesund and led by Director General of Shipping and Navigation Olav Akselsen.
The main job for the authority is to ensure that Norwegian ships and shipping companies meet high safety- and environmental standards, to ensure that Norwegian seamen have high qualifications and good working- and living conditions, and to ensure that foreign ships in Norwegian territory and ports meet international rules. The authority also assists the Norwegian Petroleum Safety Authority in matters concerning petroleum activities and also has responsibilities concerning small boats. 
In matters concerning environmental quality, the authority is subordinate the Norwegian Ministry of the Environment.In police- and prosecution concerns it is subordinate of the Norwegian Director of Public Prosecutions.
The acency was established in 1962 in Oslo and moved to Haugesund in 2006 as part of a desentralization program for government agencies.
Directors.
Rune Teisland left the director post in 2008. In August the same year, Olav Akselsen, a parliament member at the time, was appointed new Director General. Akselsen did not take up the post until January 2010, and in the meantime Sigurd Gude served as acting director.

</doc>
<doc id="36838740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838740" title="William Simon (sociologist)">
William Simon (sociologist)

William Simon (1930–2000) was an influential intellectual sociologist of human sexualities between 1970 and 2000. His co-authored book, "Sexual Conduct: The Social Sources of Human Conduct" played a major role in shaping the contemporary sociology of sexuality and critical sexualities studies. His work helped pioneer a theory of sexual scripting and he was a gentle but radical advocate of sexual tolerance. He was an early advocate of gay rights and testified against obscenity laws.
He "brought a postmodernist sensibility to a field long bound by historical assumptions", wrote the "New York Times", describing his belief "that there are no fixed points in the geography of sexuality, merely an ever-changing terrain that has less to do with biology than with accidents of history."
Life.
William Simon was born on July 20, 1930, the son of Russian immigrants. As a child, he lived in the Bronx, before moving to Detroit in 1940. He dropped out of school in the eighth grade and became an assembly line worker. He was engaged in union activity and became a lifelong socialist. In 1951, despite his lack of formal education, he was accepted as a student by the University of Chicago on the basis of his poems. He discontinued his studies for financial reasons. In 1953, he attended the American Sociological Association's annual meetings and while speaking was noticed and invited to meet David Riesman and Nathan Glazer, who helped him gain admission to the University of Chicago's graduate program in 1955 where he met John Gagnon and earned his doctorate.
In the 1960s, Simon worked at the National Opinion Research Center (NORC) and taught at Southern Illinois University Carbondale. Between 1965 and 1968, he worked with John Gagnon at the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender, and Reproduction. After this he worked at the Institute for Juvenile research in Chicago, becoming program supervisor in anthropology and sociology. Throughout the 1960s, Simon was very active in the civil rights movement. 
He moved to the University of Houston in 1975 where he was director of the Urban Studies Institute (1975-7) and Professor of Sociology (1977–2000). He was active in the politics and arts community of Houston. 
He had three sons: David Simon, though his first marriage to Bernice Stark (1948–50); and Jonathan Simon and Adam Simon through his second to Marlene Bragman (1953–1968). His third wife, Lynn Randolph] (1977-2000), a painter, survived him. He died on July 20, 2000 of cancer at the age of 70. His brother Myron Simon was a professor of English at the University of California at Irvine.
Professional work.
In his early career, Simon worked with John Gagnon at the Kinsey Institute of Sex Research as a researcher. Together they pioneered a sociological account of human sexuality. They rejected "the unproven assumption that 'powerful' psychosexual drives are fixed biological attributes" as well as "the even more dubious assumption that sexual capacities or experiences tend to translate immediately into a kind of universal 'knowing' or innate wisdom - that sexuality has a magical ability, possessed by no other capacity, that allows biological drives to be expressed directly in psychosocial and social behaviors." 
Their work inspired many to think critically and seriously about human sexuality as a theoretical problem. Their influence has been acknowledged in the works of Jeffrey Weeks, Gayle Rubin, Jeffrey Escoffier, Michael Kimmel, Stevi Jackson, Ken Plummer and others. A key concept Simon and Gagnon formulated was that of sexual scripts: they developed the significance of scripts as a metaphor for understanding human sexualities. In their view, human sexuality far from being a simple biological drive should be seen as a socially organized sexual script. They wrote: "We see sexual behavior therefore as scripted behavior, not the masked expression of a primordial drive". From this, Gagnon and Simon proceeded to investigate three layers of scripting: historical and cultural, interactive and interpersonal, as well as its intra-personal or intra-psychic dimensions.
Looking at later separate contributions, Gagnon took a more empirical and sociological turn drawing from methodology and Durkheim) whilst Simon continued to have a more political bent whilst simultaneously showing a greater interest in intra-psychic scripting under the influence of the psychoanalytic works of Robert Stoller (1924–1991) and Heinz Kohut (1913–1981). 
Simon's major ideas can be found in his final book, "Postmodern Sexualities" (2006). The irony of his work that while he spent much of his professional life trying to improve the social conditions of the sexual worlds of others, he was also trying to suggest that sex may not even be as important as people try to make it. It may indeed not harbor some grand truths of our life, society and being. As he said:
His final paper was "The Fuzzy Matrix of 'My Type'".
Honors.
In 1986, he was awarded the Distinguished Contribution from the Society for the Scientific Study of Sex. The Sexualities Section of the American Sociological Association has awarded its John H. Gagnon and William Simon award for distinguished work in sexualities studies annually since 2001.
External links.
Obituaries:

</doc>
<doc id="36838758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838758" title="2003 Italian Formula Three season">
2003 Italian Formula Three season

The 2003 Italian Formula Three season was the 39th Italian Formula Three Championship season. It began on 30 March at Misano] and ended on 12 October at Vallelunga after nine races.
Fausto Ippoliti of Ombra Racing won race at Binetto, race at Magione and another two podiums and ultimately clinched the title. He finished three points clear of Coloni Motorsport driver Christian Montanari, who won race at Mugello and season-ending races at Monza and Vallelunga. Third place went to Lucidi Motors driver Gregory Franchi, who finished ahead of Imola winner Marco Bonanomi.
Calendar.
All rounds were held in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36838776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838776" title="Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra">
Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra

History.
In 2013 the company made a movie with Gopichand and Tapsee Pannu initially the film named as Jackpot later it was renamed as Sahasam. The movie was released on July 12, 2013 and the film was declared as the biggest hit at the box office and in gopichand's caree.

</doc>
<doc id="36838780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838780" title="Rudolf Martin (anthropologist)">
Rudolf Martin (anthropologist)

Rudolf Martin (1 July 1864 – 11 July 1925) was a Swiss anthropologist, specializing in physical anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="36838793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838793" title="Esperanza (given name)">
Esperanza (given name)

Esperanza is a Spanish feminine given name, meaning "hope" or "expectation".

</doc>
<doc id="36838799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838799" title="Pick Up the Pieces (Jason Derulo song)">
Pick Up the Pieces (Jason Derulo song)

"Pick Up the Pieces" is a song by American singer-songwriter Jason Derulo for his second studio album, "Future History" (2011). It was written by Derulo, Josh Walker, Olivia Waithe, Tiffany Fred, Michael McGregor, Peter King, Lee Monteverde and Kelly Sheehan. Production was handled by J.R. Rotem and JD Walker. The song was released as one of four promotional singles for the album on September 9, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36838801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838801" title="Jason Cask">
Jason Cask

Jason Cask (born 7 February 1971) is a former professional tennis player from Australia.
Career.
Cask, who was coached by Terry Rocavert, made the quarter-finals of the boy's singles at the 1988 Australian Open and was a boy's doubles semi-finalist at the 1989 Australian Open (with William O'Neil).
He first attempted qualification for the men's draw in 1988 and continued to participate in the qualifiers every year without success, until he received a wild card into the 1992 Australian Open. In the first round he faced American 15th seed David Wheaton and lost in straight sets.
During the 1991 ATP Tour season, Cask took part in the Queensland Open and made it to the second round, beating Neil Borwick.

</doc>
<doc id="36838822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838822" title="Asma bint Adiy al-Bariqiyyah">
Asma bint Adiy al-Bariqiyyah

Asma bint Adiy al-Bariqi. also known as Bariqiyyah, (born 340 CE) was the mother of Kilab’s half-brothers Taym and Yaqazah Ibn Ishaq named her Hind al-Bariqiyyah .
Family.
Asma bint Adiy al-Bariqi ibn bariq Ibn Uday Ibn Haritha Ibn Amr Mazikiee Ibn Aamr bin Haritha Algtarif bin Imru al-Qais Thailb bin Mazen Ibn Al-Azd Ibn Al-Ghoth Ibn Nabit Ibn Malik bin Zaid Ibn Kahlan Ibn Saba'a ( Sheba ) Ibn Yashjub Ibn Yarab Ibn Qahtan Ibn Hud (prophet) (Eber)) .

</doc>
<doc id="36838827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838827" title="Cordilleras Creek">
Cordilleras Creek

Cordilleras Creek is a northward-flowing stream originating in the Pulgas Ridge Open Space Preserve in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains. It forms the border between San Carlos and Redwood City in San Mateo County, California, United States before entering Smith Slough where its waters course to Steinberger Slough and thence to San Francisco Bay.
History.
Historically, the creek was known as Arroyo de los Cadillos which means "Cockleburr Creek" in Spanish. Simon Theodore Finger settled on the Redwood City side of the creek in 1855 and planted a vineyard as well as olives. Born in Frankfurt, Germany in 1816, Theodore (as he was known) was listed in the 1860 U.S. Census as a farmer. The Arroyo de los Cadillos was generally misspelled as "Cordillas". By 1862, it was known as Finger's Arroyo, then later Finger's Creek or Finger Creek. In 1877 the San Mateo County map shows it as Cordillas Creek; the Wellesley Park subdivision map labelled it Cordilleras Creek in 1888, and the USGS accepted this name in 1895. Local residents still called it Finger Creek for many years.
Watershed and course.
From its beginnings in the Pulgas Ridge Open Space Preserve in San Carlos, just northwest of Interstate 280, Cordilleras Creek receives additional tributaries from Edgewood County Park and flows northwesterly along Edgewood Road. North of U. S. Highway 101, Cordilleras Creek flows into Smith Slough at the San Carlos airport, then Steinberger Slough and thence into San Francisco Bay. The Cordilleras Creek watershed includes Steinberger Slough, and its Pulgas Creek tributary. Cordilleras Creek drains .
Habitat and wildlife.
No Steelhead ("Oncorhynchus mykiss") were found in a fish sampling study in 1981. Leidy concluded that there was insufficient information to know whether Cordilleras Creek once supported trout or not. However, a possible steelhead carcass was found in 2002 and the creek has been determined to be of moderate to high potential for steelhead restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="36838829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838829" title="Counterpoint for Six Valves">
Counterpoint for Six Valves

Counterpoint for Six Valves is an album by American jazz trumpeters Don Elliott and Rusty Dedrick which was recorded in 1955 for the Riverside label. The album features six tracks that were originally recorded in 1955 and released as the 10-inch LP, Six Valves along with four additional tracks from 1956. This album was also reissued on the Jazzland label as Double Trumpet Doings. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Dick Hyman except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36838864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838864" title="Jakub Vadlejch">
Jakub Vadlejch

Jakub Vadlejch (born 10 October 1990 in Prague) is a Czech javelin thrower. He competed in the javelin throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 25th with a mark of 77.61 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36838865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838865" title="Clinton Marsh">
Clinton Marsh

Clinton Marsh (born 19 January 1972) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa.
Career.
Marsh was a gifted junior player, ranked number one in his country every year from the age of 12 to 17. He and Marcos Ondruska were boy's doubles finalists at the 1990 French Open and 1990 Wimbledon Championships. They lost both finals to the Canadian pairing of Sébastien Lareau and Sébastien Leblanc. 
Playing as a qualifier, Marsh lost to 16th seed Richard Krajicek in the first round of the 1995 Australian Open.

</doc>
<doc id="36838920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838920" title="Maindiff Court Hospital">
Maindiff Court Hospital

Maindiff Court Hospital is a Community Hospital near Abergavenny, Monmouthshire, operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. Maindiff Court's earliest occupants were the Crawshay-Bailey family in the 1870s. Its most noted patient was Rudolph Hess, deputy to Adolf Hitler.
History.
Maindiff Court was built in 1877 by Crawshay Bailey II. The main part of the building has 3-storeys. This has a 2-storey porch with a single storey portico extending from it, headed by a balustrade and supported on Corinthian columns. In 1924 the estate was presented to Monmouthshire Asylum Committee becoming Maindiff Court Hospital.
During World War II.
In World War II, the facility was known as Maindiff Court Military Hospital and POW Reception Centre. Half of the site was used for recuperating wounded soldiers.
Rudolf Hess, Hitler's deputy, was held at Maindiff Court from 26 June 1942. Hess had his own room but he was guarded at all times. He was allowed a fair degree of freedom, often being driven about the local countryside. The British government never tried to hide the fact that Hess was being detained in Abergavenny. Indeed, when he first arrived, the staff of the hospital lined up in a formal reception to meet him. the news did feature in many of the national papers of the time. Hess was known locally as the "Kaiser of Abergavenny".
Today's hospital.
Maindiff Court today comprises 4 wards, 1 day hospital and an ECT Department which lie within beautifully kept grounds. The original balustrade can be seen leading down to the day hospital.
There are several wards and departments such as Ty Skirrid, a 12-bedded ward for the Gwent-wide forensic rehabilitation service which caters for men and women who have a mental disorder and have offended or are at risk of offending and provides on-going psychiatric treatment. Lindisfarne, a 3-bedded un-staffed unit which is overseen by staff from Ty Skirrid which provides unsupervised semi-independent living prior to discharge. 
Hiraeth Day Hospital provides 12 places a day for 5 days a week for the Abergavenny and rural communities. The ECT department provides electroconvulsive therapy treatment facilities, and the Gwent Specialist Substance Misuse Service.

</doc>
<doc id="36838924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36838924" title="First and Last Things">
First and Last Things

First and Last Things is a 1908 work of philosophy by H. G. Wells setting forth his beliefs in four "books" entitled "Metaphysics," "Of Belief," "Of General Conduct," and "Some Personal Things." Parts of the book were published in the "Independent Magazine" in July and August 1908. Wells revised the book extensively in 1917, in response to his religious conversion, but later published a further revision in 1929 that restored much of the book to its earlier form. Its main intellectual influences are Darwinism and certain German thinkers Wells had read, such as August Weismann. The pragmatism of William James, who had become a friend of Wells, was also an influence.
Summary.
In the first book, Wells emphasises his scepticism: neither the senses nor the mind can be relied upon uncritically, and "The world of fact is not what it appears to be." Beliefs are not convictions, but rather positions arrived at "exactly as an artist makes a picture" and are adopted "because I feel a need for them, because I feel an often quite unanalysable rightness in them. . . . My belief in them rests upon the fact that they "work" for me and satisfy a desire for harmony and beauty."
In the second book, devoted to his "essential beliefs," Wells asserts as "quite an arbitrary act of my mind" and "a choice" his "most comprehensive belief": "the external and the internal and myself . . . make one universe in which I and every part are ultimately important." On this point, he refuses argument, calling this "unfounded and arbitrary declaration" to be his "fundamental religious confession." But he rejects use of "the name of God" because "the run of people" would misunderstand his meaning. He affirms the freedom of the will, and asserts that "'What am I to do?' is the perpetual question of our existence." After analysing the various motives to action that he feels, he resolves them by embracing a "ruling idea," viz. an historically emerging "solidarity of humanity," although he acknowledges that "the species is still as a whole unawakened, still sunken in the delusion of the permanent separateness of the individual and of races and nations." Wells, however, regards this solidarity of humanity as a biological "fact." The direction of this human development is "to Power and Beauty," but he takes a confessedly "mystical" attitude in regard to these terms, refusing to define, or even to distinguish them. He rejects personal immortality. He criticises the Christianity he was raised in because he does not believe in the existence of "a divine-human friend and mediator" (though he admits the "splendid imaginative appeal" of the idea). He regards "all religions to be in a measure true," but also as "false."
In the third book, by far the longest and occupying more than half the volume, Wells develops the "rule of life" that he promises in its subtitle. This involves a resolve to work for Socialism, which he considers to be "a great social and political movement that correlates itself with my conception of a great synthesis of human purpose as the aspect towards us of the universal scheme." But he rejects the notion of "rights" and "justice" as grounds for this conception: "There is no equity in the universe." Wells refers frequently in this part of "First and Last Things" to volumes he wrote in the preceding six or seven years on this perspective, addressing also such tactical questions as the attitude an individual intent on furthering social change ought to take toward existing institutions and conventions. "So far as he possibly can a man must conform to common prejudices, prevalent customs and all laws,—whatever his estimate of them may be." This book also contains a prophetic section on the nature of modern warfare, and several on women, sex, and marriage that were considered remarkably bold and provocative in Edwardian England.
In the final book, Wells "shamelessly" offers some personal reflections about love, death, and life. "Passionate love" is "the intensest thing in life"; "It is the essential fact of love as I conceive it, that it breaks down the boundaries of self." The concluding sentence of "First and Last Things" is: "In the ultimate I know, though I cannot prove my knowledge in any way whatever, that everything is right and all things mine."
Background.
"First and Last Things" was written at a time when Wells's "private life was to a considerable degree in turmoil." Amber Reeves, his lover, who inspired Ann Veronica and would in 1909 bear a daughter by Wells, was a brilliant student of philosophy at Cambridge University's Newnham College. Indeed, some passages of "First and Last Things" contain criticisms of Wells's ideas by a "friend" who is doubtless Amber Reeves.
The origins of the "First and Last Things" are to be found in a reading and discussion group of which Amber Reeves was a part. The group was "based originally on the Young Fabians and probably closely affiliated with the Oxford socialist movement." Wells was invited in the fall of 1907 to deliver three lectures to the group, and as he says in the volume's opening pages, "my notes soon outran the possibilities" and he "expanded these memoranda into a book."
Reception.
"First and Last Things" received few contemporary reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="36839022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839022" title="Constellation Records">
Constellation Records

Constellation Records may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36839034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839034" title="Haj Aqa Nourollah">
Haj Aqa Nourollah

Haj Aqa Nourollah (Persian: نورالله نجفی اصفهانی) was a political leader in the Persian Constitutional Revolution.
Biography.
Haj Aqa Nourollah as Ayatollah Shekh Mohammad Baqer Najafi’s son –the author of the book titled HEDAYAT AL-MOSTTAHSREDIN. Haj Aqa Nourollah’s grand mother is the late Ayatollah Sheikh Mohammaed Jafar Kashef Al-qeta’s daughter who was one of the descendants of Malek-e Ashtar Nakhai; the great commander of Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib.
He was born in 1278 AH. After finishing his education in Islamic science which was prevalent in Isfahan and Najaf; he became a mujtahid (clergyman practicing religious jurisprudence). Haj Aqa Nourollah’ as a fighter and mujtahed; who was aware of his time; involved in thepelotical affairs and considered this as the clergy’s waskhe believed that the main problem of Iran during Qajar period was the Russian and English colonialists’ intervention in Iran affairs as well as the king’s and appressors’ tyranny.
Haj Aqa Nouroullah’ along his brother’ the late Ayatollah Shekikh Mohammad Taqi Najafi enititled to “Aqa Najafi”- struggled in Isfahan for half a century from “tobacco boycott movement” (1309 AH) to struggled Reza shah pahlavi’s dynasty(1346 AH). His distinct view; his awareness of his time ; and his persistence in his belief made him and active and innovative character in the history of developments in Iran.
His most important activities.
Among his important measures are: fighting against foreign goods; using domestic products; the idea of establishing Qeraatkhaneh; Islamic hospital; establishing Yatimkhaneh(a house for orphans); establishing a newspaper Safakhaneh sociatey (a place foe debating with christens missionaries) and many other social and cultural activities. Due to the very measures he was recognized as the head of the clergy statement of Iran; moreover; Marja’-e taghlid (source of imitation) introduced him to the parliament as one of the five clergy supervised the religious laws.
Calling for jihad against Russia and England during World War I and protesting against the colonial treaty in 1915 and 1919 (the treaty concluded by Vosough od-Dowleh) is another chapter in the struggles of that great scholar.
His best book.
His book titled the dialog between the settler and the traveler which is; indeed; an intellectual vindication of a kind of religious reading of the constitutional event and is a theoretical plan in the form of discussion; considered as the rubric of "the religious democracy" and also as a chapter in the first experience of "the Islamic government of shine scholars" in Iran in parallel with Haj Aqa Nouroullah's leadership in the constitutional event in Isfahan and Bakhtiari.
The last chapter of his life.
The last chapter of this great clergyman's struggle was his struggle against Rezā Shāh pahlavi’s tyranny (a new way in practicing tyranny by which he had expanded his autocratic reign under the title “constitution system”). The uprising started by him against Rezā Shāh’s monarchy (1346) caused hundreds of scholars and the most prominent clergymen to gather I Qom and to protest against the aliens’ influence and pahlavi’s tyranny. His martyrdom in Qom is the last page of the book of this great clergy’s life.
His house: Constitution house.
And now after more than 80 years of his death his house become to the Museum that show a lot of information about constition era in Iran and specially Isfahan. And show activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36839046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839046" title="Naminohana Kazutaka">
Naminohana Kazutaka

Naminohana Kazutaka (born 19 March 1969 as Kazuhiro Kudo) is a former sumo wrestler from Namioka, Aomori, Japan. He made his professional debut in May 1984 and reached the top division in September 1992. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in March 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36839105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839105" title="Gibraltar Cruise Terminal">
Gibraltar Cruise Terminal

The Gibraltar Cruise Terminal is located at the northern end of the Western Arm of the North Mole at Gibraltar Harbour. Construction of the facility in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar was completed in 1997. In the fifteen years since its opening, the terminal handled approximately three million cruise passengers. In May 2011, the explosion of a sullage tank on the Western Arm, while a cruise ship was berthed nearby, ultimately resulted in the loss of life of a dock worker. In October 2011, the Government of Gibraltar announced plans for expansion and renovation of the cruise terminal.
Design.
In 1995, the Government of Gibraltar solicited bids for the design and construction of a new cruise terminal in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Eleven companies submitted bids for the project. Gibraltarian architect Dennis Mosquera was selected to design the terminal, and the company Profield Contractors was chosen to build it. The architect and builders worked within a limited budget of £600,000. The cruise terminal building was originally a warehouse on the Western Arm of the North Mole of Gibraltar Harbour. While unused, the walls of the former warehouse were deemed to be structurally sound. The building was gutted, and given a new floor and insulated roof. Walls of white, chipped stone were installed. The overall effect was one of airiness and a neoclassical appearance. The colour scheme utilised shades of blue and yellow, sunny Mediterranean colours. The terminal was further decorated with plants, art with a nautical motif, and lighting.
Security.
The public and restricted areas of the cruise terminal are separated by a security barrier. The public sections of the terminal have telephone and fax equipment, as well as counters for car rentals, taxis, and tourist information. This area of the terminal also has general seating, an arts and crafts store, and a cafeteria/bar. The lounge in the restricted zone features a fountain, and the walls of that area are complemented by the works of Gibraltar artists. Access to the restricted section of the cruise terminal is similar to that of an airport. There are x-ray machines and metal detectors, as well as Gibraltar Customs and other officials. The measures employed were based on recommendations made by Scotland Yard personnel. Security is not limited to the terminal; access to Gibraltar Harbour is restricted. In addition to security on the land side of the harbour, the waters are patrolled by a combination of Gibraltar Port Authority, Royal Gibraltar Police, and Ministry of Defence (Gibraltar Defence Police and Royal Navy) vessels.
First fifteen years.
The Gibraltar Cruise Terminal opened on 17 July 1997. Cruise ships berth along both sides of the terminal at the northern end of the Western Arm of the North Mole. of quay length are available on the North Mole for cruise ships, permitting a total of two large or four medium sized ships to dock along both sides of the Western Arm. If necessary, more berths can be made available for vessels at other locations in the harbour. On 15 June 2005, the terminal celebrated its one millionth passenger, Sandra Young of the United Kingdom. The Gibraltar Tourist Board made it an event, with a band, honour guard, VIP tour, and luncheon. In addition, the passenger from the "Sea Princess", accompanied by her husband, received numerous gifts from a variety of Gibraltar companies and organisations. 
The cruise terminal has been acknowledged with awards, including two by Dream World Cruise Destinations in 2003 and 2008. Following a severe storm that battered the building in October 2008, the terminal was renovated in time for the 2009 cruise season. The terminal handled approximately three million cruise ship passengers in the fifteen years since the opening in 1997. Passenger traffic almost doubled over that period. Gibraltar ranks fourth in cruise ports on the Iberian Peninsula, after Barcelona, Spain; Lisbon, Portugal; and Málaga, Spain.
Explosion on the North Mole.
On 31 May 2011, a dozen passengers aboard the received injuries, most minor, after the explosion of a sullage tank that contained water and used oil. The Royal Caribbean International cruise ship had been docked at the cruise terminal on the North Mole, and the blast was believed to have occurred as the result of a spark from welding operations on the tank that was also positioned on the Western Arm of the North Mole. Immediately following the explosion, the vessel moved away from the breakwater. There was no substantial damage to the cruise ship. Spanish dock workers that had been welding the tank, and a policeman, were also injured, one of them seriously. The explosion resulted in a fire that raged for hours and spread to an adjacent tank. Thick, black smoke from the blaze necessitated suspension of flights at Gibraltar International Airport. 
One of the dock workers, 40-year old Pedro Zambrano Lopez from La Línea de la Concepción, sustained extensive burns. He was stabilised at St Bernard's Hospital, and was transferred to the Virgen del Rocío Hospital in Seville, Spain. He died on 3 August 2011 due to complications of the injuries he suffered. The incident on the North Mole led to multiple investigations, primarily of procedures at Nature Port Reception Facilities Ltd, at whose plant the explosion occurred. The investigations were conducted privately on behalf of Capita Symonds, a consultancy company based in the United Kingdom, whose study of the explosion was commissioned by the Government of Gibraltar. Nature Port, on the other hand, pointed out that the Capita Symonds investigations were private and incomplete, and failed to address the inadequate emergency response at the time of the explosion and fire, and hired its own investigators. The company also demanded ""an independent public inquiry into all aspects of the incident."" Nature Port commissioned its own investigation of the emergency response, which found "serious failings on the part of the port and emergency services." 
The Capita Symonds reports indicated that the explosion was due to holes in the tank rooftops secondary to corrosion. The perforations permitted the escape of flammable vapour, which was then ignited during the welding operations. While Capita Symonds did not address the issue of the emergency response to the explosion, it did address the advisability of having a sullage plant near a cruise terminal. ""The concept of having a processing plant in the current location is potentially hazardous and high risk, made more so due to the presence of low flashpoint products."" In addition, just five months before the explosion, Nature Port received permission to expand their facility northward and paid over £300,000 for additional land. Their licence to operate on the breakwater was suspended after the incident.
Future expansion.
On 5 October 2011, the Government of Gibraltar announced the planned expansion of the cruise terminal. Their stated goal is to permit The Rock to accommodate larger cruise ships at the commercial port, as well as an increase in the number of passengers. The government also wishes to meet the needs of a variety of passengers. In addition to those customers for whom Gibraltar is a stop on their itinerary, the updated terminal and associated facilities will accommodate those who join or leave the vessel in Gibraltar, "partial turnaround" passengers. The first phase of the expansion will entail demolition of an adjacent structure, the former Ice Box Building, which has recently been utilised by M H Bland & Co. This will make available an additional , increasing the facility from to . The terminal will then be completely renovated.
The expanded cruise terminal will feature an enlarged arrival area. That section of the building will include an information screen, seating, and an area for the Gibraltar Tourist Board. The portion of the terminal dedicated to security and immigration will be doubled in size, with separation of the areas serving the two sides of the Western Arm. New stairs and an elevator for the disabled will lead to a new mezzanine level with a cafeteria. The colour scheme inside the terminal will be changed to sand and terracotta. The exterior of the facility will also receive a new paint job, which will include a "Welcome to Gibraltar" sign on the roof of the building. The renovation will be completed with resurfacing of the Western Arm.

</doc>
<doc id="36839114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839114" title="Martin Raynov">
Martin Raynov

Martin Raynov (; born 25 April 1992) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36839141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839141" title="Mechanitis lysimnia">
Mechanitis lysimnia

Mechanitis lysimnia, the Confused Tigerwing, Sweet-oil Tiger, or Lysimnia Tigerwing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Fabricius in 1793. It is found in Central and South America, from southern Mexico to Uruguay. The habitat consists of disturbed forests at altitudes up to .
Adults have been recorded feeding on nectar from "Eupatorium" flowers.
The larvae are gregarious and feed on "Solanum" species and possibly other members of the Solanaceae family. They are pale green streaked with yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="36839160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839160" title="Mechanitis menapis">
Mechanitis menapis

The Menapis Tigerwing ("Mechanitis menapis") is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Hewitson in 1856. It is found in South America.
The larvae feed on "Solanum" species, including "Solanum hispidum" and "Solanum torvum".

</doc>
<doc id="36839174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839174" title="Karen König">
Karen König

Karen König (born c. 1969) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won two gold medals at the 1985 European Aquatics Championships as part of the East Germany relay teams. She missed the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles that were boycotted by East Germany, and instead competed at the Friendship Games, where she won a gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay, setting a new world record. She was awarded the Order of Merit of the Fatherland in East Germany. 
Between 2003 and 2005, after the German reunification, she sued the Deutscher Olympischer Sportbund (DOSB), as the successor to the East German Olympic Committee, for 10,255 euros in the Frankfurt state court. She claimed that between 1982 and 1986 she was given performance-enhancing drugs, such as the anabolic steroid Oral Turinabol, without her knowledge and consent. The pills were said to be "vitamins". She believed that due to those pills she later developed a deep masculine voice, severe depression, hormonal imbalance and metabolic disorder. Many other East German athletes related their health disorders to the state-sponsored doping program and followed with court cases. 
In 2005, the DOSB paid 193 former East German athletes 10,400 euros each; another group of 167 received 9,250 euros each by the end of February 2007. DOSB did not disclose the athlete's names, and the athlete agreed not to seek further compensation from the DOSB.

</doc>
<doc id="36839175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839175" title="Adakkakundu">
Adakkakundu

Adakkakundu is a village in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala in southwest India.
CHS Adakkakundu is started at this village in 1954, this is the only higher secondary school in Kalikavu Panchayat.
References.
http://www.dhsekerala.gov.in/schoolist.aspx?dcode=11
http://www.alltravels.com/india/kerala/kalikavu/photos/current-photo-32174516
http://in.wowsome.com/school/kerala-school-directory/schools-in-malappuram/
http://kalikavupravasi.com/

</doc>
<doc id="36839199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839199" title="Wide-Eye">
Wide-Eye

Wide-Eye is a British animated children's TV Series. It consists of fifty two 10-minute episodes, made between 2003 and 2004. The show is about a wise old owl called Wide Eye who lives in the heart of Natterjack Forest with his young son Little Hoot, and the lad's best friend Flea.
DVD releases.
In 2004, three stand alone DVD releases were (and still are) available in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="36839282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839282" title="Cité de la mode et du design">
Cité de la mode et du design

The City of Fashion and Design, is a building located at the site of the old general stores quai d'Austerlitz in Paris. The public opening, originally scheduled for early 2008, took place during 2010.
The French Institute of fashion is located in the building since 2008. 
Located along Seine, between Gare d'Austerlitz and the Bibliothèque nationale de France, The City of Fashion and Design have been designed by architects Jakob + MacFarlane and is one of the most remarkable contemporary monuments of Paris with its bold architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36839297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839297" title="2012 Mongolia Premier League">
2012 Mongolia Premier League

Statistics of Niislel Lig in the 2012 season. The title was won by Erchim which was their seventh title.
League standings.
All the teams played each other twice. the team which had the most points in two rounds became the winner.
Note 1: Ulaanbaataryn Mazaalaynuud withdrew after the first half of the season (completing seven matches), all results annulled.
Mongolian Football Federation Cup.
Ten teams participated in the 2012 Mongolian Football Federation Cup. The final was played on 15 September 2012. 
Erchim defeated Khasiin Khulguud in a penalty shoot-out, after the match ended in extra time with a 1-1 draw.
Super Cup.
The 2012 Super Cup was played on 30 September 2012 between the league winner Erchim and the cup runner-up Khasiin Khulguud. It is usually played between the winners of the Niislel League and the Mongolian Football Federation Cup, but Erchim won both titles this year. Erchim defeated Khasiin Khulguud 7-2. As the winner of the Super Cup, they will participate in the 2013 AFC President's Cup representing Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="36839328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839328" title="Ismail Easa">
Ismail Easa

Ismail Easa (born 19 December 1989) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed ""Messi"", who is currently playing for New Radiant Sports Club.
International career.
Easa made his debut for the Maldives' senior team in their first match of 2012 Nehru Cup against Nepal on 23 August 2012, coming on to play in the 73rd minute, replacing Mohamed Umair and also scored his first goal from a through ball from Ahmed Rasheed, in the 77th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="36839351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839351" title="Land Warfare Centre">
Land Warfare Centre

Land Warfare Centre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36839371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839371" title="Gallery of head of state standards">
Gallery of head of state standards

This gallery of head of state standards shows the Presidential or Royal Standards, a flag that is related to the head of state of that country.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36839375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839375" title="Qu River (Nanpan River)">
Qu River (Nanpan River)

The Qu River () is a tributary of the Nanpan River (Pearl River) in Yunnan province, southwestern China. The Qu rises in southwestern Jiangchuan County and flows through the Yuxi City, Eshan Yi Autonomous County, Tonghai County, Jianshui County and Huaning County to reach its mouth at the Panxi Town of the Huaning County. The river has a length of 208 km and drains an area of 3,472 square km.
There are some distinct names for the river in different places:

</doc>
<doc id="36839377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839377" title="TRPA1 receptor agonist">
TRPA1 receptor agonist

TRPA1 receptor agonists are substances that agonize transient receptor potential cation channel, member A1 receptors.
Effects.
TRPA1 agonists have been and remain the subject of research into their potential thermoreceptoric activity.

</doc>
<doc id="36839409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839409" title="Emīlija Sonka">
Emīlija Sonka

Emīlija Sonka (born in Kuldīga, Latvia) is a former track and road cyclist from Latvia. She won the gold medal at the 1964 Road World Championships in the road race.

</doc>
<doc id="36839467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839467" title="Hell, etc. (label)">
Hell, etc. (label)

Hell, etc. is an American record label founded by Marilyn Manson in 2010. It is a vanity label operating under the larger parent publisher Cooking Vinyl. Hell, etc. is the second vanity label Manson has operated, the first being Posthuman Records, which functioned within Priority Records between 2000 and 2002.
Background.
Hell, etc., was founded by Marilyn Manson, frontman of the eponymous band of the same name. Prior to the founding of the label, Marilyn Manson was signed to long-time record label Interscope Records, whom under which the band had been with the label's subsidiary Nothing Records since their debut album "Portrait of an American Family", and released two further albums under Interscope following Nothing's dissolution in 2004.
Following the release of "The High End of Low", Marilyn Manson's last release under Interscope, he was reportedly dropped by Interscope, however this is disputed by Manson who claims that he was released from his long-term contract with the record company, and left because the label was too constrictive.
Manson began indicating a new album would be released "a lot sooner" not long after his association with Interscope ended. The formation of Hell, etc. was announced on November 7, 2010 as part of a joint venture with Cooking Vinyl Records, which will handle the worldwide distribution, marketing and promotion of Marilyn Manson's future releases. Manson explained, "We will always be our worst audience, until we stop being an audience and start being an artist. Any art is flesh and blood, no matter how you perform, decorate or display it. But we all want the passionate horror of that blood. And blood is what I am here to bring." Marilyn Manson manager Tony Ciulla told ABC News, "The 50-50 joint venture is a 'more attractive financial arrangement and allows for greater (creative) control,' with both parties sharing profits after Cooking Vinyl recoups its costs, which include an advance paid out to Manson and a 'big marketing commitment.'"
Cooking Vinyl founder Martin Goldschmidt has projected an initial global sales target of 500,000 units. "We're delighted to welcome MARILYN MANSON to Cooking Vinyl," said Goldschmidt. "Often our 'relaxed' approach to A&R brings out killer performances and albums from artists. I can't wait to hear what Manson comes up with. This is a landmark signing for us. We shook up folk music in the late 80's/90's with MICHELLE SHOCKED, COWBOY JUNKIES and BILLY BRAGG, we have shaken up dance in the last couple of years with THE PRODIGY, GROOVE ARMADA and UNDERWORLD, and we are ready for a new adventure with Mr. Manson."
The first release made under Hell, etc. was Marilyn Manson's eighth studio album, "Born Villain", which was released worldwide on May 1, 2012. In October 2012, Manson announced that "Born Villain" would be re-released as a special edition, featuring three additional tracks, additional artwork, a book and more.

</doc>
<doc id="36839475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839475" title="Colm McLoughlin">
Colm McLoughlin

Colm McLoughlin is the Executive Vice Chairman of Dubai Duty Free, an airport retailer with a turnover of in 2012. Owned by the Government of Dubai, and part of the Investment Corporation of Dubai (ICD), Dubai Duty Free manages all aspects of the retail operation at Dubai International Airport.
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Ballinasloe, Co. Galway and is one of five children. Educated at Garbally College in Ballinasloe, McLoughlin was a sportsman who played hurling and tennis and went on to play rugby for his province.
Personal life.
Colm McLoughlin has three children and lives in Dubai with his wife Breeda. His eldest son also lives in Dubai while his two daughters and two grandchildren live in the UK. He is an active member of the Dubai business and social community and is the former Chairman of the Dubai Irish Society, former President of the Dubai Celts and former Captain of the Dubai Irish Society Golf. He was the Captain of the Emirates Golf Club (1995/1996) and the Dubai Creek and Golf Club (2007).
Career.
Colm McLoughlin's intended career in dentistry took a back seat when he went to London in the early 1960s and began working in retail. He joined the popular high-street chain of Woolworths, where he worked his way up to become one of the youngest managers in the company. During a summer holiday back in Ireland in 1969 he responded to an advert for a manager at Shannon Airport Duty Free. He got the job and went on to become General Manager of the duty-free operation. In 1983, at the request of the Government of Dubai, he was one of a team of ten from Aer Rianta (the Irish Airport Authority) contracted by the Dubai Government to set up Dubai Duty Free at Dubai International Airport. Following the successful opening in December 1983, he was asked to remain as General Manager of the fledging operation which in its first year of business achieved sales of US$20 million. He went on to become Managing Director in 1995.
Dubai Duty Free has seen massive growth and development over the years and was named the single largest airport retailer in the world in terms of turnover, based on 2008-2010. Turnover in 2012 reached US$1.6 billion and is expected to reach US$1.8 billion in 2013. The retail operation covers 26,000 square metres of retail space at Dubai International Airport and employs over 5,700 staff, including 44 of its original 100 staff recruited in 1983.
In July 2011, McLoughlin was named Executive Vice Chairman of Dubai Duty Free which also incorporates a Leisure Division comprising the Aviation Club, The Irish Village, The Century Village, the Dubai Tennis Stadium and more recently the Jumeirah Creekside Hotel which opened in July 2012.
McLoughlin is also Chairman of the Dubai Duty Free Foundation, a non-profit charity founded in 2004 which is under the auspices of H.H. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, President of Dubai Civil Aviation Authority and Chairman of Dubai Duty Free. The Foundation provides humanitarian aid and services for children and others in need around the world.
Within his 44 years in the duty-free business, McLoughlin has received peer recognition and is the recipient of a Frontier "Lifetime Achievement" award in addition to the Duty Free News International "25th Anniversary Lifetime Achievement" award and Esquire’s Man At His Best "Lifetime Achievement" award.
In October 2013, McLoughlin was presented with the International Sir Michael Smurfit Business Achievement Award at the 25th Annual American Celtic Ball hosted by the Irish Chamber of Commerce USA (ICCUSA) in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36839477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839477" title="Black Tarquin">
Black Tarquin

Black Tarquin (1945–1965) was an American-bred, British-trained racehorse and sire, best known for winning the St. Leger Stakes in 1948 and for his rivalry with Alycidon. In a career which lasted from June 1947 until July 1949, he ran fifteen times and won eight races. He was one of the leading two-year-olds of 1947, although he did not race after winning the Gimcrack Stakes in August. He was slow to reach peak fitness in 1948, and was unplaced in the Epsom Derby, but showed his best form in autumn when he beat a strong field in the St. Leger Stakes. His form continued into the following spring, but his career was effectively ended by his defeat in the Ascot Gold Cup. The victories of Black Tarquin led to a change in the way in which the Thoroughbred was defined in Britain.
Background.
Black Tarquin was a dark brown, almost black horse with a white star bred in the United States by his owner William Woodward, Sr.. He was the most successful horse sired by the British-bred Rhodes Scholar, who won the Eclipse Stakes in 1936 and was exported to America in 1940. Black Tarquin's dam was the leading racemare Vagrancy, the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly of 1942 when her wins included the Coaching Club American Oaks and the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes. Vagrancy was a half-sister of the CCA Oaks winner Hypnotic and was a descendant of the influential Kentucky-bred broodmare Frizette. Because of the rules imposed by the Jersey Act of 1913, Black Tarquin, like many American racehorses, was not eligible for inclusion in the General Stud Book, and was therefore technically a half-bred rather than a Thoroughbred. The successes of Black Tarquin and his contemporary My Babu were important factors in the Jersey Act being abandoned in 1949.
In 1946, Woodward sent his colt to England, where he was trained by Cecil Boyd-Rochfort at his Freemason Lodge stables in Newmarket, Suffolk. Standing 16.3 hands high, Black Tarquin was an unusually large and heavily built Thoroughbred, which meant that he had to be trained with great care. Veterinary opinion was that the horse would not stand up to hard training, but he required regular exercise to keep his weight in check.
Racing career.
1947: two-year-old season.
Black Tarquin began his career by finishing unplaced in a race at Royal Ascot in June 1947. He returned to Ascot a month later and recorded his first win in the five furlong Royal Lodge Stakes (in the following year, the Royal Lodge Stakes assumed its current form as a one mile race run in autumn). At Goodwood Racecourse later that month, he finished second to Dorothy Paget's colt Birthday Greetings in the Richmond Stakes. In August, Black Tarquin reversed the form with Birthday Greetings to win the prestigious Gimcrack Stakes at York in a new track record time of 1:10.3 for six furlongs. Although he did not run again that year, as Boyd-Rochfort wanted to give the horse more time to develop, Black Tarquin's performances established him as one of the season's leading juveniles. In the Free Handicap, a ranking of the best British two-year-olds, he was assigned a weight of 131 pounds, two pounds below the top-rated My Babu. Among the bookmakers, he was one of the winter favourites for the following year's Classics.
1948: three-year-old season.
In 1948, Black Tarquin was aimed at the 2000 Guineas but sustained a bruised heel when training on unusually firm turf and missed the race. He made his first appearance of the year at Newmarket in May when he finished second to Riding Mill in the Newmarket Stakes. The result was considered a major upset, and Boyd-Rochfort was unable to offer an explanation, although it was pointed out that the colt was well short of peak fitness. Later that month, he re-established himself as a leading contender for the Epsom Derby by winning the Derby Trial Stakes at Lingfield Park at odds of 8/11.
At Epsom, Black Tarquin started at odds of 100/7 for the Derby in a field of thirty-two runners and was reported to be strongly fancied by his trainer. After being badly hampered at Tattenham Corner, he made no impression in the closing stages and finished eighth behind the French-trained winner My Love. At Royal Ascot, Black Tarquin was brought back in distance for the one-mile St. James's Palace Stakes. Starting at odds of 5/1, he easily defeated the 2000 Guineas runner-up The Cobbler, who started odds-on favourite. In July, he returned to Ascot for the one and a half mile Queen Elizabeth Stakes (the forerunner of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes) in which he finished second, beaten a short head, by the Italian four-year-old Tenerani. By finishing ahead of some well-regarded horses, he established himself as a leading contender for the St Leger.
Black Tarquin did not race again until the St Leger at Doncaster on 11 September, in which he was ridden by the Australian jockey Edgar Britt and started at odds of 15/2. With a winner's prize of £15,269, the race was the most valuable ever run in Britain and attracted a crowd estimated at 500,000 which included the King and Queen. Doug Smith attempted to make all the running on the outsider Alycidon, but Britt guided Black Tarquin to the lead in the last quarter mile and won comfortably by one and a half lengths. Solar Slipper finished third, with the 7/4 favourite My Love unplaced. At the end of the season, Black Tarquin was the highest-rated three-year-old in Britain, and was being compared to the American champion Citation.
1949: four-year-old season.
Black Tarquin was kept in training at four with the Ascot Gold Cup as his target. He won his first three races beginning with the Chippenham Stakes. At Newmarket in May, he won the one and a half mile Burwell Stakes by five lengths from Fighter Command. He then won the White Rose Stakes over one and a quarter miles at Hurst Park Racecourse.
The Gold Cup featured a rematch with Alycidon, who had been unbeaten in four staying races since his defeat at Doncaster. Black Tarquin was made 10/11 favourite for the race ahead of Alycidon on 5/4. Alycidon, assisted by two pacemakers to ensure a true test of stamina, took the lead five furlongs from the finish. In the straight, Edgar Britt moved Black Tarquin up to challenge the leader and drew level a furlong from the finish, but Alycidon pulled away again in the closing stages to win by five lengths.
The race appeared to exhaust Black Tarquin, and in his only subsequent appearance he showed no sign of his previous form when he ran a "lifeless" race to finish fourth of the six runners in the Princess of Wales's Stakes at Newmarket on 30 June.
Assessment and honours.
The independent Timeform organisation gave Black Tarquin a rating of 134 in 1948 and 136 in 1949.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Black Tarquin a "superior" winner of the St Leger and the best British-trained racehorse of his generation.
Stud record.
Black Tarquin returned to America for the start of his stud career, standing at Claiborne Farm. In 1954, he was transferred to Ireland, where he remained until his death in 1965. He was not a successful sire of flat racers, as most of his stock were slow to mature and needed long distances to show their best form. His most successful progeny included the Goodwood Cup winner Trelawny and the Cambridgeshire Handicap winner Tarqogan. Towards the end of his stud career, he sired some good National Hunt horse including Black Secret, who finished second and third in successive Grand Nationals.

</doc>
<doc id="36839489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839489" title="William Rigg">
William Rigg

The Ven. William Harrison Rigg , DD, MA was an Anglican priest and author. 
He was born into an ecclesiastical family on 1 November 1877 and educated at Harrow and Hertford College, Oxford. curacies at St Mary’s, Lewisham and St Alfege, Greenwich. He held incumbencies at Christ Church Bermondsey, Christ Church Greenwich and Beverley Minster, becoming a Canon of York in 1933. He was the Vicar of St Mary Magdalene, Launceston from 1936 to 1945; and Archdeacon of Bodmin from 1939 to 1952.
He died at Tunbridge Wells on 2 May 1966. 

</doc>
<doc id="36839499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839499" title="Egypt national men's squash team">
Egypt national men's squash team

The Egypt national men's squash team represents Egypt in international squash team competitions, and is governed by the Egyptian Squash Association.
Since 1969, Egypt has won 3 World Squash Team Open Title. Their most recent title came in 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36839500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839500" title="Central (Exchange Square) Bus Terminus">
Central (Exchange Square) Bus Terminus

The Central (Exchange Square) Bus Terminus () is a major bus terminus located in Central, Central and Western District, Hong Kong. Situated on the ground floor of the Exchange Square commercial complex, the terminus is regarded as the central hub of bus routes in the Central District.
With a total of 14 berths for franchised buses, Central (Exchange Square) is now the largest bus station in Hong Kong which still functions as a bus terminus, in terms of the number of boarding platforms.
Location and structure.
Central (Exchange Square) Bus Terminus is situated on the ground floor of the Exchange Square complex, which consists of 3 office blocks. The bus terminus is located beneath Two Exchange Square and Three Exchange Square.
The terminus consists of 14 boarding/alighting platforms for franchised bus routes. In addition to the franchised bus terminus, a smaller station with a public light bus terminus, a public loading/unloading area as well as a taxi stand is located under One Exchange Square. 
For the franchised bus terminus, buses enter via the three entrances located at Harbour View Street, and leave the terminus through the two exits at Connaught Road Central; for the minibus and taxi stand, both the entrance and the exit are located on Harbour View Street.
Routes serving the terminus.
As of August 2012, 18 franchised bus routes terminate at Exchange Square, most of them being local routes serving the Southern District (including the area around Aberdeen Harbour as well as Stanley) as well as cross-harbour routes to points in the New Territories.

</doc>
<doc id="36839512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839512" title="Master of Science in Respiratory Care">
Master of Science in Respiratory Care

The Master of Science in Respiratory Care (MSRC) is an advanced level postgraduate degree for respiratory therapists. Few colleges and Universities currently offer this degree though an emphasis on its importance to respiratory care and research in pulmonary medicine is growing by both nursing groups and medical colleges. 

</doc>
<doc id="36839552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839552" title="Mu'aqqir">
Mu'aqqir

Mu'aqqir (Arabic: معقر) or Amr Ibn Aws b. Himar al-Bariqi (died 580 CE), a knight and the leader of the Bariq tribe which was in Bariq Of Azd Yemen and was famous for its glory, He is considered one of the greatest writers of Arabic poetry in pre-Islamic (Jahiliyyah) times.
Lineage.
Amr b. al-Harith b. Aws b. Himar b. Hjna b. Mazen b. Thailbh b. Kinanah al-Bariqi ibn bariq Ibn Uday Ibn Haritha Ibn Amr Mazikiee Ibn Aamr bin Haritha Algtarif bin Imru al-Qais Thailb bin Mazen Ibn Al-Azd Ibn Al-Ghoth Ibn Nabit Ibn Malik bin Zaid Ibn Kahlan Ibn Saba'a ( Sheba ) Ibn Yashjub Ibn Yarab Ibn Qahtan Ibn Hud (prophet) (Eber).

</doc>
<doc id="36839570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839570" title="I Don't Wanna Care Right Now">
I Don't Wanna Care Right Now

"I Don't Wanna Care Right Now" is a song by American rapper Lupe Fiasco, featuring MDMA. The song appears on his third studio album "Lasers".
Music video.
The song's official music video was released on December 2, 2011 on YouTube. The video was filmed during a concert at Iowa State University.
Chart performance.
"I Don't Wanna Care Right Now" debuted at #112 on the Billboard Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="36839579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839579" title="Anthurium crystallinum">
Anthurium crystallinum

Anthurium crystallinum is a species of flowering plant in the aroid family Araceae, native to rainforest margins in Central and South America, from Panama to Peru. Growing to tall and broad, it is an epiphytic perennial, characterised by large, velvety oval leaves with prominent white veining, and inflorescences with green spathes and pale green spadices throughout the year.
Requiring a minimum temperature of , in temperate regions it is cultivated under glass or as a houseplant. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36839602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839602" title="Alfred Duncan">
Alfred Duncan

Joseph Alfred Duncan (born 10 March 1993) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Livorno, on loan from Internazionale, as a midfielder.
Career.
Duncan trained with Internazionale since summer 2010. However due to FIFA regulation, he formally joined Inter in March 2011, after his 18th birthday. He lives in Inter training centre "Centro Sportivo Giacinto Facchetti" in Milan.
Duncan made his Serie A debut for Inter on August 26, 2012 in a match against Pescara when he came on as a substitute in the 86th minute for teammate Walter Gargano.
International career.
Duncan represented Ghana at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Turkey playing four games during it. He made his full international debut on 14 November 2012 against Cape Verde.
Statistics.
Club.
1Includes Coppa Italia.
2Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League.
3Includes Supercoppa Italiana and Serie B playoff.

</doc>
<doc id="36839620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839620" title="The Odalisque (Fortuny)">
The Odalisque (Fortuny)

The Odalisque is a painting by Marià Fortuny exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="36839630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839630" title="Politics of Mizoram">
Politics of Mizoram

Politics in Mizoram takes place in a multi-party democratic framework, within the overall context of the national Politics of India. It has 2 parliamentary seats only. Politics in Mizoram is dominated by two political fronts: the Mizo National Front and the Mizoram Pradesh Congress Committee, part of Indian National Congress. These two parties have alternated in power since 1972.
Other popular regional parties are:
Administration and Governments.
The constitutional head of the Government of Mizoram is the Governor, who is appointed by the President of India. The real executive power rests with the Chief Minister and the cabinet. The political party or the coalition of political parties having a majority in the Legislative Assembly forms the Government.The first Chief Minister of Mizoram was Ch Chhunga.
The current incumbent, Chief Minister Pu Lalthanhawla, succeeded Pu Zoramthanga in 2009.
The head of the bureaucracy of the State is called the Chief Secretary. Under him is a hierarchy of officials drawn from the Indian Administrative Service, Indian Police Service, and different wings of the State Civil Services. 
Constituencies.
Mizoram sends 1 representatives to the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India and 1 representative to the Rajya Sabha, the upper house. Auxiliary authorities conduct elections regularly for Local Council in Urban Areas and Village Council in rural who job is to govern local affairs. Mizoram has 3 autonomous tribal council:

</doc>
<doc id="36839631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839631" title="CR-8000">
CR-8000

CR-8000 is a PCB design suite launched by Japanese EDA vendor Zuken in 2011. Developed to serve the needs of multi-board level design CR-8000 is a next generation replacement for CR-5000 that was originally focused on single-board design. CR-8000 makes use of new technology including the integration of a tablet as an input device and the use of native 3D layout and actual 64-bit architecture. The CR-8000 family features four modules – System Planner; Design Gateway; Design Force; and DFM Center. These modules cover initial system planning, detailed schematic and pcb design; and optimized manufacturing output.

</doc>
<doc id="36839636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839636" title="Endotricha dentiprocessa">
Endotricha dentiprocessa

Endotricha dentiprocessa is a species of snout moths in the genus "Endotricha". It is found in China (Guangxi).
The wingspan is 17−18.5 mm. The forewings are blackish brown, covered with dense reddish brown scales. The hindwings are concolorous to the forewings, but yellowish white on the costal margin.
Etymology.
The specific epithet is from the Latin prefix "dent"- (meaning dentate) and "processus" (meaning process) and refers to the valva with narrow sclerotized plate bearing large teeth ventrobasally.

</doc>
<doc id="36839642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839642" title="780th Transport Helicopter Squadron">
780th Transport Helicopter Squadron

The 780th Transport Helicopter Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 780. transportna helikopterska eskadrila / 780. транспортна хеликоптерска ескадрила") was an helicopter squadron of Yugoslav Air Force and later Republika Srpska Air Force formed in October 1960 as 34th Helicopter Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 34. helikopterska eskadrila/ 34. хеликоптерска ескадрила").
History.
The 48th Helicopter Squadron was formed at Niš airport in October 1960 as part of 107th Helicopter Regiment. It was equipped with Soviet-made Mil Mi-4 transport helicopters.
By the April 1961 and application of the "Drvar" reorganization for the Air Force, new type designation system is used to identify squadrons, so the 34th Helicopter Squadron has become 780th Transport Helicopter Squadron.
Squadron has been moved to Pleso airport near Zagreb by 1964, being reassigned to 111th Support Aviation Regiment. By 1973 the Mil Mi-4 helicopters were replaced with newer Soviet Mil Mi-8T transport helicopters.
In 1990 due the "Jedinstvo 3" reorganization plan, 781st Transport Helicopter Squadron of same 111th Aviation Brigade was disbanded. Personnel and equipment were attached to 780th squadron.
The squadron has been introduced in the war in Slovenia from the first days. One Mi-8T was shot down by Slovenian Territorial Defence forces on the afternoon of 27 June 1991, killing all three pilots. As the war in Croatia intensified, the 111th Aviation Brigade found itself located in hostile territory surrounded by Croatian forces, the High Command of the Yugoslav Air Force ordered the evacuation of its units to safer territory, so three of its helicopter squadrons were re-located to Zalužani near Banja Luka and reorganized in to Helicopter Regiment with two squadrons.
780th Squadron had an important role during the early war in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, being used for the transport of troops, ammunition, the evacuation of civilians, CSAR and MEDEVAC missions.
On May 12, 1992 111th Helicopter Regiment with its two squadrons has became part of newly formed Bosnian Serbs Air Force. On 26 July 1992, just two months after the initial structure of the Republika Srpska Air Force was established, the flying units were once again reorganized. The 111th Helicopter Regiment was disbanded, and a new unit designated the 92nd Mixed Aviation Brigade was formed to control both fixed-wing and helicopter squadrons.
Later in the same year, both 780th Transport Helicopter Squadron and the 711th Anti-Armored Helicopter Squadron have been disbanded and were merged to create the new 89th Mixed Helicopter Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="36839643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839643" title="Baxter's Curve Train Robbery">
Baxter's Curve Train Robbery

The Baxter's Curve Train Robbery, also known as the Sanderson Train Robbery, occurred in 1912 near the town of Sanderson, Texas. Ben Kilpatrick and his partner, Ole Hobek, attempted to rob a Southern Pacific express car, but they were stopped by one of their hostages, David A. Trousdale, who managed to kill both of the bandits.
Background.
Ben Kilpatrick, known as the "Tall Texan", was originally a member of Butch Cassidy's Wild Bunch, but he was caught after the 1901 Great Northern Robbery in Montana and sent to the federal prison in Atlanta, Georgia. Upon his release, exactly ten years after the Great Northern Robbery, Ben went straight back to a life of crime.
Old West historians have often written Ben Kilpatrick off as being entirely unable to commit a robbery without the help of Butch Cassidy or Kid Curry, however, after his release from prison, he and a man named Ole Hobek executed a series of "spectatular" bank and train robberies within a short period of time. The robberies did not yield much gain though, which necessitated further robberies. 
Little is known about Hobek's life prior to his release from prison, where he is believed to have met Ben. However, anticipating Ben's release, he makes an appearance in West Texas in the spring of 1911. Claiming to be a detective, he shared a hack with two men from San Angelo who were taking a trip to Sheffield. Once there, Hobek disappeared without paying his share of the bill. Investigators would later determine that he contacted someone in Christoval, where some of Ben's relatives lived. Hobek was next seen in Memphis, Tennessee, where he was working for the L.B. Price Mercantile Company from July 1911 until February 5, 1912.
The robbery.
At about 12:05 AM, March 13, 1912, Ben and Hobek boarded Southern Pacific's Train #9 in Dryden and rode it west towards Sanderson. Once they were out of town, the two robbers put on masks and made their way to the front of the train to take the engineer, D. E. Grosh, two of his crewmen, and the express messenger hostage. The robbers then ordered the engineer to stop the train at the first iron bridge west of Baxter's Curve, which was located approximately mid-way between Dryden and Sanderson and was where they had left their horses.
While Kilpatrick was holding the engineer at gunpoint, Hobek went to the express car with the express messenger, David A. Trousdale, and the two crewmen in order to disconnect the following cars and commence the actual robbery. Along the way, Trousdale managed to arm himself with an ice mallet that was used for a shipment of frozen oysters. He concealed it upon himself until an opportune moment. A few minutes later, as Hobek was looking down to pick up a package, Trousdale struck him in the head with the mallet and killed him.
Trousdale then armed himself with Hobek's rifle and gave pistols to the two crewmen. They then turned out the lights and went to the back of the car to wait for Kilpatrick to show himself. According to Trousdale, they waited over an hour before he became impatient and decided to make his way to the express car. When he appeared in the window of the express car, Kilpatrick called out the name "Frank" a few times, but was then shot in the head by Trousdale without ever seeing him.
Aftermath.
With the robbery thwarted, the engineer restarted the engine, reconnected with the other half of the train, and then drove to Sanderson, where the sheriff of Terrell County was informed. The sheriff, David L. Anderson, who was notable for having been a member of Billy the Kid's gang, later captured a third accomplice in the robbery attempt; an eleven-year-old boy who was recruited to hold the horses at Baxter's Curve. Interestingly, the bandits' horses were found to have been shod backwards, presumably so that when they made their escape their tracks would appear to be going the opposite way.
The train arrived in Sanderson at about 5:00 AM. The bodies of Ben and Hobek were immediately removed from the train and propped up in front of the depot for their now famous photograph. After the photograph was taken, the bodies were wrapped in sheets and placed together in a large wooden coffin. Ben and Hobek were originally buried in an unmarked plot at the Cedar Grove Cemetery, however, their grave has since been rediscovered and is now a popular tourist attraction.
David Trousdale was regarded as a hero and as a reward he was presented with $1,000 and an engraved gold watch from Wells Fargo & Company. He also received another $1,000 from the federal government, $500 from the Southern Pacific Railroad, and a gold watch fob inlaid with a diamond inside the star of Texas from grateful passengers. The engraving on the watch said "In recognition of the courage and fidelity displayed in an attempted train robbery near Dryden, Texas, March 13, 1912, Wells Fargo and Co." The fob said "Presented by passengers, west-bound Sunset Express, for bravery displayed March 13, 1912, near Dryden, Texas."
Although the Baxter's Curve Train Robbery is sometimes considered to be the last train robbery in Texas history, the Newton Gang robbed a Southern Pacific train near Uvalde in 1914.
David A. Trousdale's account.
The following was reported by David A. Trousdale to the police in Sanderson:

</doc>
<doc id="36839650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839650" title="Bahr Mill Complex">
Bahr Mill Complex

Bahr Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located in Colebrookdale Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The complex includes the 2-story, plus basement, banked stone mill (1897); 2 2/2-story, stucco over stone farmhouse (c. 1820); 1-story, brick smokehouse (c. 1820); banked frame sawmill with a stone foundation (c. 1820); 2-story, stucco over stone store (c. 1820); two sheds (c. 1890); a shoemaker's shop (c. 1890); outhouse (c. 1920); stone bank barn (rebuilt c. 1880); and frame garage (c. 1930). Also on the property are a contributing chicken house (c. 1850) and pig sty (c. 1890). It is a family-run mill complex, run by the Gable family for over 175 years.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36839655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839655" title="Endotricha unicolor">
Endotricha unicolor

Endotricha unicolor is a species of snout moths in the genus "Endotricha". It is found in China (Tibet).
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are brown, irrorated with purple reddish brown scales throughout in females and from the base to the antemedian line in males. The hindwings are yellowish grey, tinged with black distally.
Etymology.
This specific name is from the Latin prefix "uni"- (meaning unitary) and the Latin postfix -"color" (meaning color) and refers to the hindwing without distinct patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="36839671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839671" title="Endotricha shafferi">
Endotricha shafferi

Endotricha shafferi is a species of snout moths in the genus "Endotricha". It is found in China (Guangxi).
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are blackish brown in males and black in females. The hindwings are black.
Etymology.
This species is named after Michael Shaffer for his outstanding work in the taxonomy of Pyraloidea.

</doc>
<doc id="36839682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839682" title="Endotricha convexa">
Endotricha convexa

Endotricha convexa is a species of snout moths in the genus "Endotricha". It is found in China (Hainan).
The wingspan is 20-22 mm. The forewings are purplish red in males. The hindwings are concolorous to the forewings except for a whitish yellow area anteriorly.
Etymology.
The specific epithet is derived from the Latin "convexus" (meaning convex) and refers to the forewing hump.

</doc>
<doc id="36839687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839687" title="Endotricha whalleyi">
Endotricha whalleyi

Endotricha whalleyi is a species of snout moths in the genus "Endotricha". It is found in China (Tibet).
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are greyish brown, irrorated with black and wine reddish scales. The hindwings are concolorous to the forewings.
Etymology.
The species is named after the late Paul E. S. Whalley for his contribution to the revision of the world "Endotricha" species.

</doc>
<doc id="36839689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839689" title="Nicholas Johnson Mill">
Nicholas Johnson Mill

Nicholas Johnson Mill, also known as Schollenberger Mill, is a historic grist mill located in Colebrookdale Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1861, and is a 2 1/2-story, plus basement, brick building on a stone foundation. It measures 36 feet by 40 feet and is three bays wide and four bays deep. Also on the property are a 2 1/2-story, brick farmhouse built in 1838; a Switzer bank barn built about 1850; stone and log tenant house from the early 1800s; and some elements of the water power system.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36839701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839701" title="Brown Sugar (group)">
Brown Sugar (group)

Brown Sugar was a London based British female vocal group who formed in 1976. The members were Pauline Catlin, Caron Wheeler and Carol Simms. Although short lived, the trio were influential and enjoyed unprecedented success topping the British Reggae charts on three occasions.
History.
Catlin and Wheeler attended the same school and often sang together for fun with Catlin coaching Wheeler in the art of harmonies. Inspired by many of the groups and artistes from the 1960s and early 1970s, they practiced diligently together and went on to win a singing competition at the Bali Hai nightclub that stood next door to the Streatham Ice Rink in London. Bali Hai was synonymous with reggae music in the mid 1970s with one of the top-ranking sound systems in South London, Soferno B, taking a residence in the club on Sunday nights. The singing contest was organised circa 1976 by Castro Brown, a relative of Jamaican singing sensation Dennis Brown and the same partnership went on to establish a reggae record store and record label in South West London.
Catlin came across an article in the local press about a young girl named Carol Simms who wanted to be a singer and could play the piano. She made contact with her and they agreed to meet. Catlin convinced Simms to join her and Wheeler to form a singing trio, mirroring the American black girl groups of the 1960s like The Shirelles, The Crystals, The Ronettes and The Chantels. Catlin's mother came up with the name 'Brown Sugar' as she said their skin tones were a natural shade of brown just like sugar or molasses from the Caribbean.
The group was recruited to the newly formed record label instigated by Dennis Harris, John Kpiaye and Dennis Bovell. Dennis Harris chose 'Lover's Rock' as the name of the record label, taken from the title of an Augustus Pablo track. The record label title became the adopted name for the genre of music.
Brown Sugar's first release in 1977 (and the first on the Lover's Rock label) was "I'm In Love With A Dreadlocks", written by guitarist John Kpiaye. The song married a rootsy theme that was proud of identity with the sentiments of a love song. It was a massive hit with sound system owners and reggae lovers and went on to reach the top spot in the British reggae charts. Further releases included a version of the Barbara Lewis 1963 Billboard chart-topper "Hello Stranger", and the enormous-selling "Black Pride", a classic song penned by Kpiaye that celebrated in no uncertain terms the colour of black skin.
Following a deep disillusionment in terms of how the members were treated by their record label, the group temporarily separated. Let down by those who should have guided them, they were too young to appreciate the intricacies of the music business and the vast potential a music career could offer them. After the group's departure from the label, Harris released "Free", followed by "Forever My Darling" and "Do You Really Love Me". Catlin continued to record with her sister Carolyn and as Pauline from Brown Sugar. Wheeler and Simms (adopting the stage name of Kofi) went on to pursue solo careers.
In 1978 Brown Sugar reunited and embarked on a UK tour with Dennis Brown. Working with Studio 16 producer Winston Edwards, and inspired by Pat Kelly's hit "I Am So Proud", the trio released their own version of the Impressions' classic on the Decca/Studio 16 label in 1979. Other releases included "Our Reggae Music", "Confession Hurts", "Dreaming of Zion", and a rendition of John Holt's song "You And Your Smiling Face". They had another hit in 1983 with "Go Now".
The group won numerous awards including a "Black Echoes" magazine prize for 'Best Vocal Group', and performed with and supported many artists including Aswad and Janet Kay. 
Wheeler and Catlin also worked as backing vocalists in the mid-1980s on recordings such as Keith Douglas's "Cool Down Amina".
After Brown Sugar, Wheeler went on to achieve mainstream success with Soul II Soul. Simms continued with a successful solo career and also worked with Soul II Soul for a brief period in 1992. During the 1980s Catlin began performing on the gospel circuit with a successful group called 'Chosen' and in 2012 she relaunched a solo career under the moniker of Shezekiel.
The story of the group was partly related in the 2011 film "The Story of Lovers Rock", directed by Menelik Shabazz. The film also featured music from Brown Sugar.

</doc>
<doc id="36839706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839706" title="Thomas Wotton (sheriff)">
Thomas Wotton (sheriff)

Thomas Wotton (1521–1587), was a sheriff of Kent, the son of Sir Edward Wotton and father of Edward Wotton, the 1st Baron Wotton.
In December 1547 employed in conveying treasure to his father, Sir Edward Wotton, at Calais, and in 1551 succeeded to his estates, his father having procured two acts of parliament ‘disgavelling’ his lands in Kent. Edward VI had intended making him K.B., but after Mary's accession the council on 19 Sept. 1553 wrote him a letter ‘discharging him from being knight of the Bath, whereunto he was once appointed and written unto’ (Acts P. C. 1552–4, p. 351). On 16 Jan. 1553–4 he was summoned before the council, and on 21 Jan. ‘for obstinate standing against matters of religion was committed to the Fleet, to remain there a close prisoner’ (ib. pp. 385, 389). Walton in his ‘Life of Sir Henry Wotton’ (Reliquiæ Wottonianæ, 1685, sig. b4) declares that the council's action was due to Nicholas Wotton, who had twice dreamt that his nephew was in danger of participating in some dangerous enterprise, apparently Wyatt's rebellion, and secured his temporary imprisonment to save him from worse perils. The date of his release has not been ascertained; but on 23 Nov. 1558, six days after Elizabeth's accession, he was made sheriff of Kent. For nearly thirty years he was regularly included in the various commissions for the county, such as those for the peace, for taking musters, gaol delivery, examining into cases of piracy, and fortifying Dover. In July 1573 he entertained Queen Elizabeth at Boughton Malherbe, when he declined an offer of knighthood, and in 1578–9 again served as sheriff. He was a person of ‘great learning, religion, and wealth,’ and a patron of learning and Protestantism in others. Thomas Becon dedicated to him his ‘Book of Matrimony,’ and Edward Dering his ‘Sparing Restraint.’ William Lambarde also dedicated to Wotton in 1570 his ‘Perambulation of Kent,’ which was published in 1576 with a prefatory letter by Wotton.
Personal.
The son of Sir Edward Wotton. He died on 11 Jan. 1586–7, and was buried at Boughton Malherbe (Inquisitio post mortem, Elizabeth, vol. ccxv. No. 263). He married

</doc>
<doc id="36839710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839710" title="List of defunct English women's cricket teams">
List of defunct English women's cricket teams

The top level of women's cricket in England has undergone a number of structural changes. These changes have resulted in a number of teams becoming defunct, often being replaced by multiple teams covering smaller areas.
The teams listed below competed in either the Women's Area Championship (1980–1996) or the Women's County Championship (1997–present). Although a lot of the teams listed played matches before these competitions, only the seasons in which they participated in these competitions are included in the table.

</doc>
<doc id="36839717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839717" title="LSBF School of English">
LSBF School of English

LSBF School of English is a private language school based in London. The institution teaches English courses to students from over 75 countries and each year welcomes over 1400 students.
LSBF School of English is part of the LSBF Group, which also includes the London School of Business and Finance (LSBF), London College of Contemporary Arts (LCCA), the e-learning platform InterActive, Finance Business Training (FBT), School of Fashion and Design (SFD London), London College of Contemporary Arts (LCCA), LSBF in Singapore and St Patrick’s International College.
Programmes.
The school offers a wide range of flexible programmes including General English, Academic English, Business English, IELTS preparation, ICFE, PGPP and Conversation classes. In 2012, in partnership with award-winning education provider InterActive, the school launched OnlinEnglish, the world’s first web-based preparation centre for the Pearson Test of English (PTE) Academic - an exam taken by students around the world aiming to meet English language requirements for studying in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="36839727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839727" title="Paul Gerken">
Paul Gerken

Paul Gerken (born March 15, 1950) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Early life and career.
Gerken was born in New York but his family moved to Norwalk, Connecticut a year after his birth. When he was only 14 he was the top ranked junior in New England for the 16 year old age division. In 1968 he was called up to the American junior Davis Cup team. He was the third ranked junior in the country at the time. He was runner-up to Dick Stockton at the Orange Bowl 18s in 1968. A student at Norwalk High School, he won the Fairfield County Interscholastic Athletic Conference singles championship in 1967 and 1968.
College years.
Gerken attended Stanford University on a tennis scholarship and while there was an All-American college player. He later transferred to Trinity University, in San Antonio, Texas, where he played beside Dick Stockton and Brian Gottfried. Gerken was also an All-American at Trinity University and was a member of the team which won the NCAA Championship in 1972. He also reached the NCAA doubles final that year.
Professional career.
Gerken competed in the main singles draw at the US Open every year from 1968 to 1975, as well as in 1977. He appeared three times in both the French Open and Wimbledon Championships. His best performance in a Grand Slam tournament came at the 1973 French Open, where he had wins over Eric Deblicker, Torben Ulrich and Guillermo Vilas, before losing his fourth round match to Roger Taylor, in five sets.
He never won a Grand Prix or WCT title during his career, but reached six finals, two in singles and four in doubles.
Gerken had a winning record against Björn Borg, beating him twice, in 1973 and 1974, and losing just once. He also defeated Ilie Năstase at Salt Lake City in 1973, John Newcombe at Hamburg the same year and Arthur Ashe at a Tokyo WCT tournament in 1974.
He had surgery in 1975 for a torn rotator cuff and as a result didn't feature at all in the 1976 tennis season. His comeback in 1977 was unsuccessful and he retired the following year.
Coaching.
Gerken was the head tennis coach for the men's team at Columbia University from 1979 to 1982. He continues to coach in the New England area.

</doc>
<doc id="36839738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839738" title="Snyder Mill">
Snyder Mill

Snyder Mill is a historic grist mill located on Monocacy Creek in Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built about 1780, and is a 1 1/2-story, banked stone building. It measures 26 feet by 50 feet, with a frame addition of 20 feet, 3 inches, by 25 feet 10 inches. It retains a wooden water wheel. The mill ceased operations in 1930.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36839762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839762" title="Halitağa, Tarsus">
Halitağa, Tarsus

Halitağa is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the southeast of Tarsus and east of Karabucak Forest. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Halitağa was 198 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36839768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839768" title="Smells Like Children Tour">
Smells Like Children Tour

The Smells Like Children Tour was the fourth tour Marilyn Manson embarked on, under the management of major record label Interscope Records. The tour was, however, the band's second headlining tour, following the Portrait of an American Family Tour the previous year. The band was on tour from June 1, 1995 until February 4, 1996.
Stage antics.
During the Smells Like Children tour, the background was for the shows was a ouija board which read "Marilyn Manson" on the center. Another feature to the stage was the addition of a giant tree from which hung ventriloquist dummies from the branches. The stage was usually set up to accommodate small audiences, as most of the shows took place in clubs, rather than arenas.
This was the first Tour in which Manson began using stilts. The band also began their signature bizarre looks during this tour as well, by donning makeup and sexually suggestive clothes (with Manson wearing jock straps to pulling his pants down and with Twiggy beginning his traditional kinderwhore cross dressing gimmick).
As in previous tours, Manson was regularly seen cutting himself on stage during this tour. He got his main chest scarring from this tour as he got into a heated argument with a crowd member and he broke a bottle and ran it across his chest.
Lineup.
Setlist.
The following list contains the most commonly played songs in the order they were most generally performed:

</doc>
<doc id="36839778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839778" title="Ahmed Rasheed">
Ahmed Rasheed

Ahmed Rasheed (born 8 July 1988) is a Maldivian footballer, who is currently playing for Club Eagles as a Forward.
International career.
Ahmed made his debut for the Maldives' senior team in their first match of 2012 Nehru Cup against Nepal on 23 August 2012, coming on to play in the 63rd minute, replacing his club team-mate Assadhulla Abdulla. He also assisted the goal scored by Ismail Easa to increase the lead for his side to 2 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="36839786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839786" title="Bachtiar Effendi">
Bachtiar Effendi

Bachtiar Effendi (also spelled Bachtiar Effendy; after 1903 – 1 April 1976) was an Indonesian film actor and director who also served as a cultural critic. Beginning his film career in 1930, he made several works for Tan's Film before joining a drama troupe. After spending ten years in British Malaya, he returned to Indonesia and directed several more films before being sent to Italy as a press attaché. He lived in the country for most of the remainder of his life, having found disfavour after supporting the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia.
Early life.
Effendi was the younger brother of Rustam Effendi, a communist-sympathising poet born in 1903. Their family was originally from Padang, West Sumatra, although the brothers left Padang for their education. Effendi dropped out of senior high school – a level of schooling already more than most native children received – and instead of becoming a law student as his parents intended he became a labourer at Tan's Film, working in decor.
Effendi acted in his first acting role in 1930 with "Si Ronda". He then became an assistant director with "Melati van Agam" (1931), also taking a minor acting role. He directed his first film, the talkie "Njai Dasima", in 1932, becoming the first native Indonesian film director in the Indies. Afterwards he left Tan's to replace Andjar Asmara as editor in chief of "Doenia Film", a Malay-language film magazine.
Effendi joined the Dardanella theatre troupe in 1936, working as an actor. Andjar served as a dramatist. In 1936 the two left Dardanella to establish the Bollero troupe, and sometime later Effendi married Suhara, the sister of Andjar's wife Ratna. After Andjar left the troupe in 1940 to work for The Teng Chun's Java Industrial Film, Effendi remained leader of Bollero, which became increasingly politicised and vocal against the widespread corruption of the time. During this time he married Zuhara.
Post-independence.
The troupe stayed in Malacca until 1945; aside from his work with Bollero, Effendi was involved with the domestic film industry and became a "culture warrior" in the press. Effendi was arrested in Singapore for refusing to support the British, but after his release he acted the 1949 film "Seruan Merdeka" ("Cry of Freedom"). He returned to Indonesia – which had declared its independence in 1945 – by 1950 and began directing several films for the National Film Company (), including "Djiwa Pemuda" ("Young Soul"; 1951), a cry for former soldiers to work towards national development.
In 1955 Effendi served as press attaché in Italy. In the late 1950s he stated his support for the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia (, or PRRI), an ill-fated attempt at a revolution. After the PRRI was quashed, Effendi chose to stay in Italy, reportedly taking bit parts in Italian films. After Sukarno's government lost power in the 1960s, Effendi began occasionally returning to Indonesia, partly to visit his family, partly to act, and partly to ease Italian-Indonesian cooperation. He died in Rome on 1 April 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36839792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839792" title="George F. Cahill, Jr.">
George F. Cahill, Jr.

Dr. George F. Cahill Jr. (born July 7, 1927 in New York City; died July 30, 2012 in Peterborough, New Hampshire) was an American scientist who significantly advanced the diabetes mellitus research of the 20th century.
Life.
George Cahill Jr. attended The Hotchkiss School and then completed a course of studies at the Yale University, graduating in 1949. In 1953, he earned a medical doctoral degree at the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Then, Cahill started working as a medical assistant at the Biochemical Department at the Peter Bent Bringham Hospital (today: Brigham and Women’s Hospital) in Boston. 
He was also involved in research at the Albert Baird Hastings laboratory from 1955 until 1957 before he transferred to the Joslin's Diabetes Center in 1958, after another clinical year. There, he took the place of research director when Albert Renold returned to Europe 1962. Cahill held the position until 1978.
1962 he became active in the research at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI), since 1972 as member of the advisory board and later as research director and finally vice president. He left the HHMI in 1990.
1970 he became a Harvard Medical School professor. Until 1990 he continued teaching classes, before he has been given emeritus status.
Since 1989 Cahill taught a biology course for non-biologists at the Dartmouth College.
Cahill married Sarah (“Sally”) duPont († 2010) in 1949. They had four daughters and two sons.
Research.
George Cahill Jr. was primarily involved in the metabolic research. Especially the human glucose metabolism in diabetic or normal condition was in the center of his work. He was also interested in the effect of hunger and fasting on metabolic pathways and ketose processes.
Furthermore, he was author and co-author of nearly 200 articles in scientific magazines and books.

</doc>
<doc id="36839793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839793" title="Kutz Mill">
Kutz Mill

Kutz Mill is a historic grist mill complex located on Sacony Creek in Greenwich Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is adjacent to the Kutz's Mill Bridge. The complex includes the 1 1/2-story, stone mill (c. 1850); brick farmhouse (1855); 1 1/2-story, stone summer kitchen; stone and frame Pennsylvania German bank barn; and three frame outbuildings. The mill is representative of a country custom mill and built as part of a working farm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36839810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839810" title="List of wrestlers in WWE video games">
List of wrestlers in WWE video games

The list of wrestlers in the WWE video game series started with "WWF SmackDown!".
Every game in the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw series includes a roster of "superstars" and "Divas" based on superstars who compete for WWE. Every year, WWE acquires new superstars and releases old superstars. As a result, every time a WWE SmackDown vs. Raw game is released, the new superstars are added into the game and the old released superstars are removed from the game to reflect the changes in the actual WWE. From the release of "WWF SmackDown!" to the release of "WWF SmackDown!" Just Bring It, superstars were not divided into brands. In 2002, the WWE split its entire roster into two brands of wrestling, called Raw and SmackDown!, which were named after WWE's television shows.
WWF SmackDown!
These superstars are not available from the start. Their Create-A-Wrestler parts must be unlocked by playing through Season Mode a number of times. 

Both Big Show and Ken Shamrock were originally created and ready to be in the game but due to events leading up to the game's release, both were made unavailable to play. They both, however, sometimes enter a Royal Rumble match referred to as "Unknown". It is also possible to play them through the means of a GameShark. André the Giant, Jerry Lawler, Bob Backlund, and Sgt. Slaughter's bodies were available in Create-A-Wrestler mode, but their heads had to be hacked in with a cheat device such as a Gameshark. It was also possible to create Kane's 2000+ attire in Create-A-Wrestler mode as it was included as an unlockable upper and lower clothing part.)
Both Jeff Jarrett and Goldust were originally ready to be in the first installment of the game, however both left WWF for WCW before it was released. However, in 'WWF SmackDown! 2: Know Your Role', once you unlock all of the Create-A-Wrestler items, you can build both Jeff Jarrett and Goldust in full using Create-A-Wrestler mode. Jeff Jarrett has his theme music in the game, as Debra used the theme after he left for WCW.
WWE 2K15.
Michael Cole (Announcer)
Jerry Lawler (Announcer)
Justin Roberts (Raw Ring Announcer)

</doc>
<doc id="36839820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839820" title="Merkel Mill">
Merkel Mill

Merkel Mill is a historic grist mill located on Maiden Creek in Greenwich Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was rebuilt in 1875, and is a 2 1/2-story, plus basement, banked building with a slate gable roof. It measures 40 feet, 5 inches, by 50 feet, 9 inches, and has a 100 foot frame storage addition. Also on the property are the contributing watercourses, including the dam, pond, and races. It operated as a merchant mill and ceased operations in the 1950s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36839822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839822" title="Ophidiarium">
Ophidiarium

An ophidiarium is a place in which snakes are kept, commonly known as a snake house.
An ophidiarium is specific type of herpetarium.

</doc>
<doc id="36839827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839827" title="United Overseas Bank">
United Overseas Bank

United Overseas Bank Limited (commonly known as UOB; previously known as United Chinese Bank or UCB; ) is a major banking organisation headquartered in Singapore, with branches mostly found in most South-east Asian countries. Founded in 1935 by Sarawak businessman Wee Kheng Chiang, the bank has 68 branches in Singapore and a network of more than 500 offices in 19 countries and territories in Asia Pacific, Western Europe and North America
Timeline.
Establishment.
On August 6, 1935, businessman Wee Kheng Chiang, together with six other friends, established United Chinese Bank (UCB). On October 1935, UCB opened for business in the three story Bonham Building. Thirty years later, the company's name was changed to United Overseas Bank.
Acquisitions.
In 1973, UOB acquired Lee Wah Bank.
In 1984, the company acquired Far Eastern Bank.
In 2001, UOB acquired Overseas Union Bank Limited (OUB) in a takeover deal estimated to be worth S$10 billion.
Key people.
In August 2012, Wee Cho Yaw, the company's chairman and the son of the company's founder, announced his plans to step down in 2013. Wee will be replaced by Hsieh Fu Hua, the former Chief Executive Officer of Singapore Exchange.
Mobile banking.
In December 2011, United Overseas Bank launched its free mobile UOB Mobile application. Mobile Cash, a key feature of this application, allows all UOB customers to send cash to any registered recipient who can withdraw the money from more than 600 UOB ATMs in Singapore. Initially only available on the Apple Appstore, the application soon became available to users of Android and Blackberry smartphones.
Controversies.
In February 2012, several employees of United Overseas Bank came under fire for dressing up in traditional Tamil Indian costumes and painting their faces using SAF camo green during a staff dinner organised by the company. A spokesman for the bank said that the employees did not intend to offend or discriminate, although he also mentioned that they would be counselled.

</doc>
<doc id="36839835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839835" title="Busiri Vici">
Busiri Vici

Busiri Vici is a long-flourishing dynasty of French-Italian architects formed by the union of the French Beausire family with the Vici family of Arcevia.
The progenitor of the French side of the dynasty was Jean Beausire (1651-1743), whose descendants thrived as architects under the Ancien Régime. On the Italian side, Andrea Vici (1743-1817) was a second generation architect who gained great regard for his work under Luigi Vanvitelli on the Palace of Caserta and later gained many honours including Vatican patronage. Andrea's daughter Barbara Vici married Beaurire's descendant Giulio Cesare Busiri (1792-1818) in 1815, joining the two families as Busiri Vici.
Famous members of the family include Clemente Busiri Vici (1887-1965), who designed churches for Pope Pius XI such Gran Madre di Dio and San Roberto Bellarmino, both in Rome. Clemente's brother Michele Busiri Vici (1894-1981) worked on Costa Smeralda. Another brother, Andrea Busiri Vici (1903-1989) was a famous architect, art critic and scholar who worked with his brother Clemente on San Roberto Bellarmino.

</doc>
<doc id="36839844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839844" title="Thomas Wotton (writer)">
Thomas Wotton (writer)

Thomas Wotton (d. 1766), was an English antiquarian, compiler of the "Baronetage".
Wotton was warden of the Stationers' Company in 1754 and master in 1757. Among the works published by him were John Rushworth's "Historical Collections" and editions of the works of Francis Bacon and John Selden. In 1727 he issued in three small (16mo) volumes his "English Baronetage. Being a Genealogical and Historical Account of their Families". It was dedicated to Holland Egerton of Heaton, Lancashire, son of Sir John, baronet, of Wrine Hall, Staffordshire. William Holman of Halstead, Essex, and Thornhaugh Gurdon of Norfolk had also placed their collections at his disposal; and great assistance had been given by Arthur Collins, who himself published a baronetage in 1720. The work is divided into five sections, containing respectively an account of the institution of the order by James I, the descents, creations, successions, and public employments of the baronets; correct lists of existing and extinct baronets, exact tables of precedence, and an account of the institution of the order in Nova Scotia and Ireland. An explanatory index of terms in heraldry is appended. In 1741 Wotton published in five octavo volumes a revised and enlarged edition, which is usually erroneously attributed to Collins. In it were incorporated the manuscript notes furnished by Robert Smyth, who had published a volume of corrections and additions. Peter Le Neve who published three folio volumes on the same subject, also rendered valuable assistance to Wotton in preparing this edition. Letters, notes, and pedigrees furnished to Wotton for his "Baronetage" are in Brit. Mus. Addit. MSS. 24114–21.
In 1771, after Wotton's death, a further edition of the "Baronetage" was issued in three volumes, under the editorship of Richard Johnson and Edward Kimber. The copy in the British Museum has manuscript notes by Francis Hargrave. The arrangement of each edition is chronological. Wotton died at Point Pleasant, Surrey, on 1 April 1766.
Personal.
Wotton was the son of Matthew Wotton, who kept a bookshop at the Three Daggers and Queen's Head, near St. Dunstan's Church, Fleet Street. According to John Dunton, the elder Wotton was ‘a very courteous, obliging man’ of the highest character, whose trade ‘lay much among the lawyers.’ Thomas Wotton succeeded to his father's business and carried it on for many years, but retired some time before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36839845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839845" title="Daizen Takahiro">
Daizen Takahiro

Daizen Takahiro (born 14 December 1964 as Tokuo Takahashi) is a former sumo wrestler from Osaka, Osaka, Japan. He made his professional debut in March 1981, and reached the top division in November 1991. His highest rank was "komusubi" and he earned two "kinboshi". After retirement he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association and is currently a coach at Nishonoseki stable.

</doc>
<doc id="36839850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839850" title="Dewas State">
Dewas State

Dewas State was a territory within Western India, which was the seat of two Maratha princely states during the British Raj: 'Dewas Junior' - Jivaji Rao ('Dada Saheb') and Dewas Senior - Tukaji Rao ('Baba Saheb'). On 12 December 1818 Dewas State became a British protectorate.
History.
The seats were established in 1728 by two brothers from the Pawar clan, who advanced into Malwa with the Maratha Peshwa Baji Rao, and divided the territory among themselves after the Maratha conquest. 
The two rajas heading Dewas state both lived in separate residences in the town of Dewas, and ruled over separate areas.
The junior branch had an area of and had a population of 54,904 in 1901, while the senior branch had an area of and a population of in 62,312 in the same year. Both Dewas states were in the Malwa Agency of the Central India Agency. After India's independence in 1947, the Rajas of Dewas acceded to India, and their states were integrated into Madhya Bharat, which became a state of India in 1950. In 1956, Madhya Bharat was merged into Madhya Pradesh state.

</doc>
<doc id="36839857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839857" title="Luminiţa Dobrescu">
Luminiţa Dobrescu

Luminiţa Liliana Dobrescu (born 19 April 1971 in Reşiţa) is a retired Romanian freestyle swimmer who won four medals at the 1987, 1991 and 1993 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1988, 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics in various individual freestyle and team relay events; her best achievement was fifth place in the 200 m freestyle in 1988. Between 1986 and 1993 she won seven national titles.
Dobrescu graduated from the Faculty of Physical Education and Sport of the West University of Timișoara. She retired from competitive swimming around 1997, and worked as lifeguard and swimming coach. In September 2008, she received the title of Honorary Citizen of Reşiţa.

</doc>
<doc id="36839862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839862" title="Daizen">
Daizen

Daizen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36839863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839863" title="Yesken Sergebayev">
Yesken Sergebayev

Yesken Amanjolovich Sergebayev (born on 19 May 1940 in Almaty, KazSSR)- is a prominent Soviet and Kazakh sculptor, former Dean of Paintings and Sculptor Faculty, currently he is a director of Sculptor Department of Kazakh National Academy of Arts named after T.Jurgenov.
Early life.
Yesken Sergebayev studied sculpture in Leningrad University of Paintings, Sculpture and Architecture (1969). Currently he is a sculpture and a professor. He’s a current member of Arts Academy of the Republic of Kazakhstan, academician of the Kazakh National Academy of Arts named after T.Jurgenov (2000). He was a professor of Alma-Aty Theatre and Arts school (1978–1993). Author of the methodical textbooks for students and the professors “Some features of teaching monument and sculpture specialization’, ‘Academic painting course in arts universities’. 
Since 1960 he was a sculptor of the KazSSRs’ arts fund. Since 1969- professor of the Alma- Ata arts school named after N.V.Gogol. 1974- Senior sculptor of arts complex ‘Oner’. Since 1978- Professor, PhD of the Theatre and Arts school. Since 2010 till now he is a professor, PhD of the Kazakh National Academy named after T.Jurgenov.
In 2009 Yesken Sergebayev became one of the founders, and Head of the Arts Soyuz of Almaty, which is the alternative institute to the currently working Soyuz of Arts of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Personal life.
Married, his wife is Akilova Asiya Yusupbayevna, PhD of didactics science, professor of the Almaty Technological University. Has one son- Sergebayev Arman Yeskenovich, daughters- Sergebayeva Ayana Yeskenovna and Cimmerman Leila Yeskenovna.
Work.
Yesken Sergebayev is the author of the following monuments:
and many others.
References.
Sergebayev Yesken Amanjolovich 'Who is Who in Kazakhstan' encyclopedia 
He came back to his hometown... 'NP'
TV program about Sergebayev Yesken TV program on 'Kazakhstan' channel, Sergebayev Yesken

</doc>
<doc id="36839871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839871" title="Rugby League Hawkes Bay">
Rugby League Hawkes Bay

Rugby League Hawkes Bay is the local sporting body responsible for the administration of rugby league in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand. The RLHB run the local club competition and are responsible for the Hawke's Bay rugby league team. They are part of the New Zealand Rugby League's Mid-Central Zone and their players are eligible for the Central Vipers.
History.
Rugby league was first established in the region in 1911 thanks to two former All Golds Jim Gleeson and Edward Tyne. Former All Black David Evans helped persuade three Hawke's Bay clubs; Clive, Ahuriri and Kia Toa, to switch en masse to rugby league and form the basis of the first club competition. Mayor Vigor Brown ensured that rugby league had access to McLean Park. They were admitted to the New Zealand Rugby League that same year.
In the mid-2000s the Hawkes Bay and Gisborne Tairawhiti Rugby League ran a combined club competition called the Eastern Alliance.
Rugby League Hawkes Bay celebrated its centenary in August 2011. Former Kiwi Kevin Tamati is the current chairman.
Club history.
1984: Omahu Huias
1986: Omahu Huias
1987: Omahu Huias
1988: Flaxmere Falcons
1989: Flaxmere Falcons
1991: Flaxmere Falcons
1992: Tamatea
1993: Tamatea
1994: Taradale Eagles
1995: Taradale Eagles
1996: Taradale Eagles
1997: Taradale Eagles

</doc>
<doc id="36839883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839883" title="Stein Mill">
Stein Mill

Stein Mill is a historic grist mill located in Greenwich Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1857, and is a 3 1/2-story banked stone building measuring 37 feet, 4 inches, wide by 45 feet, 9 inches, deep. Also on the property is the miller's house; a stone dwelling with the oldest section dated to about 1816. It operated as a merchant mill until 1899.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36839901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839901" title="Ramon de Vilana Perlas">
Ramon de Vilana Perlas

Ramon Frederic de Vilana-Perlas (Oliana, Urgell, Spain 1663 - Vienna, Austria, June 5, 1741) was a notable Spanish nobleman of Catalan descent who became a man of the utmost confidence of the Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor during the War of the Spanish Succession and the following years, working in favor of the Spanish exiles in the court of Vienna.
After leaving Barcelona in 1713, Vilana-Perlas settled in the kingdom of Naples, where his brother Pablo Vilana Perlas (Barcelona, 28 Jan 1669 - † Salerno, 6 May 1729) was Appointed Archbishop of Brindisi (16 Dec 1715) and on 6 Feb 1723 selected Archbishop of Salerno. 
In exchange for some of his possessions in the Kingdom of Naples, Ramon de Vilana Perlas acquired from the Imperial Chamber of Inner Austria part of the lands of the Zrinski family in the surroundings of Fiume confiscated after the Zrinski-Frankopan conspiracy. The estates were situated near Karlovac, Brod na Kupi, Ozalj, Čabar, Gerovo and several smaller manors in Gorski kotar, as well as Bakar, Grobnik, Hreljin, Grižane, Kraljevica and other properties on the Adriatic coast and its hinterland.
Trieste was intended in Charles VI's plans to link Austrian lands with his remaining Spanish possessions, centred on Naples. Fiume had to provide a link with Hungary and the Banat of Temesvar where the colony of Spanish exiles of Nova Barcelona was to be founded.
The operation was entrusted to Ramon de Vilana Perlas, who acted as Spanish Secretary of State to Emperor Charles VI. He was also, until his resignation in 1737 "secretario de estado y de despacho" - the executive of the Spanish and Belgian councils and coordinated diplomatic relations involving the Emperor's Italian and Belgian outposts.
The project failed, but links of Fiume with the Banat of Temesvar remained strong. Francesc de Vilana Perlas, the son of the Marquis Ramon de Vilana Perlas Rialp became governor of Timişoara between 1753 and 1759, and his name would be at the origin of the name of Perlez, a village in the municipality of Zrenjanin.
Vilana-Perlas died in 1741 in Vienna where he resided permanently. The management of his estates in Croatia was entrusted to Antonio de Verneda y Rovira Sanleda, (1693, Genova - 24 March 1774, Fiume) another Aragonese exiled in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="36839916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839916" title="Andy Hockley">
Andy Hockley

Andy Hockley (born 4 September 1959) is a Welsh actor and singer.
He has performed extensively in Theatres around the UK for nearly 30 years. Internationally his work has taken him to Italy, Denmark, Switzerland, Poland, Ireland and Singapore.
He has just finished Cameron Mackintosh's 25th Anniversary tour of 'THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA' in which he played the role of Monsieur Firmin.
On television he is best known as Mr Jolly of the Roundabout Stop in the BBC's iconic children's programme Playdays. He recorded two series in the mid 90s and was in fact the last Mr Jolly before the programme was replaced by The Teletubbies.
He has appeared in 16 pantomimes at the Belgrade Theatre in Coventry, latterly as Dame.
He also voiced Imp Y Celin and Adult Tomjon in Cosgrove Hall's adaptations of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels, Soul Music and Wyrd Sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="36839926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839926" title="List of free and open-source iOS applications">
List of free and open-source iOS applications

This is an incomplete list of notable applications ("apps") that run on the iOS that meet the guidelines for free software or open-source software.
References.
http://maniacdev.com/2010/06/35-open-source-iphone-app-store-apps-updated-with-10-new-apps
http://cplus.about.com/od/codelibraryforiphone/A_Code_Library_for_iPhone_Objective-C_Applications.htm

</doc>
<doc id="36839933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839933" title="The Amazing Race Australia 3">
The Amazing Race Australia 3

The Amazing Race Australia is an Australian reality television game show, based on the American reality television series, "The Amazing Race" that is broadcast on the Seven Network. The third series is titled The Amazing Race Australia v New Zealand, featuring ten teams of two in a pre-existing relationship; 5 each from both Australia and New Zealand, and follows the various challenges that they undertake as they race around the world to win 250,000. The show is produced by Seven Productions.
The show currently has no premiere date for Australia's Seven Network. New Zealand's TV2 has the premiere date for 22 July 2014.
Production.
Filming and Development.
On 14 August 2012, the Seven Network announced the show was looking for contestants for its third series."" Despite calling for contestant applications, the show was absent in the Seven Network's 2013 Upfronts and was replaced by an unsuccessful revival of the Australian version of "The Mole".
The show was then renewed again on 22 October 2013."" It was also announced that Seven's in-house production company, Seven Productions would produce the season and activeTV would not be involved, unlike the previous two seasons.
Filming began in March 2014 at Uluru in Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park. The race will travel across six continents and ten countries and will be over long; it is the first time that one of the international spin-offs of "The Amazing Race" has traveled to all six inhabited continents and the race course is the longest amongst the spin-offs (third overall behind two of the American version's race courses).
The Speed Bump will be introduced for this series, replacing Marked for elimination, it will require a team will finish last on a non-elimination leg will be performed on an additional task. The Salvage Pass, introduced in the previous series and it will return, allowing the team that places first in the first leg can give a time advantage at the start of the following leg or saving another team from elimination. The Express Pass, introduced in the first series, will also return as well, allowing the team that places first in the consecutive leg to skip any later task in the race.
Casting.
Applications for the third series originally opened during the second series dispute the show not being officially renewed by Seven Network. Later when the show was officially renewed for 2014, applications opened again with the show now being opened to citizens of New Zealand. Applicants who applied previously were given the chance to update their application or leave it as it was. This second round of Applications ended on 22 December 2013.
Jesse was a previously a contestant on the first season of "New Zealand Idol" which also aired on TV 2. However, he withdrew to attend to the birth of he and Cat's daughter before returning for the second season where he placed 4th.

</doc>
<doc id="36839954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839954" title="Marcelo Samuel Berman">
Marcelo Samuel Berman

Marcelo Samuel Berman (born Buenos Aires, Argentina, 10 April 1945) is an Argentine/Brazilian (double citizenship) theoretical physicist, specializing in relativistic cosmology, and a journalist.
Biography.
Early life.
Berman attended elementary school through third grade, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, then moved to Curitiba, in Brazil, in March 1955, finishing elementary and high school in 1962. He entered the Technological Institute of Aeronautics (ITA), in São José dos Campos.
Graduate studies.
After finishing his engineering degree in electronics, he chose to work at the UFPR Federal University of Paraná, but did not get very far, because of political conflicts during the military dictatorial regime, and then, the Ministry of Justice determined he was a victim of racism. He then took graduate courses in theoretical physics at ITA, and received a Master of Science in Physics in 1981 from the Technological Institute of Aeronautics, under the direction of Fernando de Mello Gomide, followed by a Doctor of Science in Physics from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro in 1988, under the direction of Murari Mohan Som,
He subsequently had post-doctoral studies at Department of Astronomy, University of Florida (1989–90) and part-time adjunct, or visiting positions at Department of Exact Sciences, FURJ (UNIVILLE), in Joinville, SC, Brazil, the University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, and Group of Cosmology and Gravitation, Division of Astrophysics, National Institute for Space Research (INPE), São José dos Campos, SP, Brazil.
Academic career.
His field of interest is the General Gravitational Theories and Relativistic Cosmology; he has written about one hundred papers in refereed journals and ten books.
From 1996 to 2000 he was Professor, Department of Physics, ITA (Technological Institute of Aeronautics), São José dos Campos. He then was Scientific Counselor, Tecpar (Technological Institute of Paraná). Curitiba,PR -Brazil from (2000-2002) and since 2006, the Scientific Director, Instituto Albert Einstein/Latinamerica, (Curitiba and Mafra).
He is the publisher of books dealing with science, philosophy of science and learning techniques, through Editora Albert Einstein Ltda. (1986-).
Journalism.
For many years, he contributed to several Brazilian newspapers, first as science writer, now he also got official Professional Journalist ID, which entitled him to write on other subjects, which include, economy and politics. Main newspapers in Brazil, like "O Estado de São Paulo" and "Folha de São Paulo", "Gazeta Mercantil", "Gazeta do Povo", "O Estado do Paraná" and also lately "Diário de Riomafra" and "Diário do Planalto". He is also identified by FIJ (International Federation of Journalism). He was recently admitted to ABRAJI (Brazilian Association of Investigative Journalism).
Other activities.
He is a partner of the publisher Editora Albert Einstein Ltda. and was a partner of Construtora Gustavo Berman Ltda. an engineering company, occupying the financial director position from 1984 to 1988.
Contributions to Physics.
Berman's most important contributions begin with his papers from the early 1980s, such as "Special Law of Variation for Hubble's Parameter" and "Cosmological Models with Constant Deceleration Parameter", where he proposes a constant decelaration parameter, which is nowadays known in the scientific literature as "Berman's Law": according to Özgür Akarsu and Tekin Dereli, Berman’s law has been used for obtaining exact cosmological models in the literature, particularly in the context of dark energy following the discovery of the current acceleration of the universe. The cosmological constant problem is considered one of the crucial issues in cosmology. Scientists have collected observational evidences for the accelerated state of the present universe, wherefore is held that the deceleration parameter was positive in the early phases of the matter dominated era, but became negative during the later stages. According to Verma, to obtain exact solutions to the field equations, which would correspond to an accelerated universe, it is necessary to apply a special law of variation for Hubble’s parameter initially proposed by Berman.
Proof of Stephen Hawking’s conjecture.
Stephen Hawking and Alan Guth have conjectured that the Universe began with a spontaneous creation, big-banged, and immediately acquired an inflationary accelerated expansion. This conjecture has been proved as theorem by Berman and Luis Augusto Trevisan, through two articles.
Stephen Hawking’s singularity theorem substituted by Berman inexistence of initial infinite singularity theorem.
Berman redefined the first field equation of Robertson-Walker´s Cosmological Universe, by saying that the total energy density of the Universe, was zero-valued, if the gravitational energy density contribution was taken into consideration. Then, the total energy density is always zero, wherefore there can never be an infinite energy density or singularity.
Einstein's loose idea, of a "Machian Universe", gained Mathematical, Physical Rigorous definitions, and theorem.
Albert Einstein was unable to define what should be exactly understood by a Machian Universe, and he died without establishing the point. Berman defined a Machian Universe, by four postulates, first, the egocentrism, each observer finds himself, in the center of the Universe; second, the sphericity—the Universe resembles a spherical ball; third, the democracy, each observer is equivalent to any other one, so, each observer may find himself, in the center of the ball, but all observers can find themselves alike, at any other location; fourth, the Universe is zero-totally energized. This zero-total-energy, is conserved, i.e., this result is time invariant. There is also, a Theorem stated by Berman, that any Machian Universe, may be studied by Relativistic Cosmology, provided that the radius of the Machian ball be associated with the scale-factor in the Robertson-Walker's metric, and it should also be identified with the radius of the visible or causally-related Universe.
Stability of the universe.
Berman and da Costa, have proved that the Universe is locally and globally stable ("stable" means, that, if a physical system is displaced from its equilibrium state, it recovers its prior equilibrium state), under General Relativistic theory. Even if the Universe resembles a white-hole (the reverse of a black-hole), it is stable.
Entropy Growth in the Universe.
One of the problems of Standard Cosmology is that the perfect fluid model, usually considered as valid, is isentropic (i.e., the information contents in the Universe, and its "order" or "disorder", remains constant, despite expansion of the Universe) while thermodynamical theorems need growth of entropy with time. Berman solved the problem, by showing that Machian Universes, present growing entropy.
Positivity of Energy Theorem, for Cosmological Model with "Distant Stars".
Berman demonstrated a criterion for positivity (of the non-gravitational) energy in a cosmological model constituted by "distant stars". The condition is that the (non-gravitational) energy density, plus three times the cosmic pressure, divided by the square of the speed of light in vacuum, minus twice the cosmological constant divided by the gravitational constant, is always positive.
Einstein's Machian program solution.
Albert Einstein, died frustrated for not having fulfilled his Machian Program, namely, reconciling the relativistic nature of accelerations in his General and Special Relativity theories, with the Machian requirement, that by looking at the Cosmos, as a whole, absolute accelerations could be found. Berman realized that the solution was considering Universal rotation, so that centripetal absolute decelerations could be found, while keeping intact the General Relativistic Theories. According to Berman, the Pioneers and the FlyBy Nasa anomalies are naturally explained by such rotation. Then, the anomalies can be looked as new experimental verifications of Einstein´s theories.
Non-confinement and gravitomagnetism of rotating black holes.
After some papers published by the Indian general relativist K.S. Virbhadra, it was generally held that black holes had their energy and angular momenta confined in their interior. Berman´s Theorems show that the surrounding exterior tridimensional space, also contains their energy and angular momenta.
Berman has also demonstrated the existence of gravitomagnetic energy associated with the rotating black holes. Gravitomagnetism, is a non-linear general relativistic effect caused by moving (rotating) masses, which causes a similar effect as rotating charges in Electromagnetism. He calculated its share to the total energy caused by rotation.
Theorems in linearized general relativistic analysis of universal rotation and the Pioneers' anomalies.
Berman has proved that within the framework of linearized general relativistic theory, it is possible to conceive of a deceleration phenomenon due to centripetal effects of universal rotation, affecting any observed point of space, which shows centripetal deceleration as observed by any other observer at any other space-point through the Universe. The observed deceleration is exactly given by the Pioneers anomalous deceleration. He has also demonstrated that there is an equivalent Larmor theorem for gravitation, as well as there is for electromagnetism. Also, Berman found gravitomagnetism effects, in Linearized general relativity.
Theorems that show the Universe is a Rotating White Hole.
Berman's early paper, in 2007, suggested that the universe could be a non-rotating white hole. Later, Berman considered that the universe had a universal rotational state. In his new books in 2012, he replicated a Kerr rotating white hole that provides a model of the rotating universe.
Books and other works.
Edited books.
General editor for the Brazilian version of “The Illustrated A Brief History of Time”, by Stephen Hawking (1997)

</doc>
<doc id="36839955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839955" title="CBS Records International">
CBS Records International

CBS Records International, simply referred to as CBS in logo, was the international arm of the Columbia Records unit of Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. (CBS) that was formed in 1961 and launched in 1962. Columbia Records had been using other record companies to distribute Columbia recordings outside North America, such as Philips Records and its subsidiary Fontana (now associated with Universal Music Group) in Europe.
Formation.
In 1960, CBS acquired its Australian distributor since 1956, the Australian Record Company, and with it its flagship label Coronet Records. American Columbia material continued to be issued on the CBS Coronet Records label in Australia. The CBS label was launched in Australia in 1963. Also in 1960, CBS began negotiations with its European distributor Philips Records with the goal of the establishment of a CBS Records label in Europe. Philips' acquisition of Mercury Records paved the way for the formation of the CBS label in 1961 with Philips distributing the first batch of CBS recordings in Europe in 1962.
Columbia trademark ownership issues.
The use of the CBS name was necessary because EMI owned another record label called Columbia, which operated in every market except North America, Spain and Japan.
Expansion.
In 1964, CBS acquired Oriole Records which gave CBS Records its own distribution in the UK beginning in 1965. Initially, only American Columbia product was distributed alongside Oriole's own roster on the renamed CBS label. EMI, which had distributed American Columbia recordings on its Columbia label until the Philips deal in 1951, continued to distribute CBS's other American labels such as Epic and Okeh on that label. The distribution deal with EMI expired in 1968 at which point CBS began distributing all their labels directly.
Sale to Sony.
CBS sold the record company in 1988 to Sony Corporation of America for $US 2 billion. In 1991, the CBS Records company was renamed Sony Music Entertainment. The CBS Records label was renamed Columbia Records after Sony acquired the Columbia name and trade marks from EMI. 

</doc>
<doc id="36839960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839960" title="Manuela Melchiorri">
Manuela Melchiorri

Manuela Melchiorri (born 11 April 1970 in Rome) is a retired Italian freestyle swimmer who won two bronze medals at the 1989 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics in the 400 m and 800 m freestyle events but did not reach the finals. Between 1986 and 1992 she won 22 national titles in the 200–800 m freestyle and 200 m butterfly events.

</doc>
<doc id="36839961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839961" title="Jeevansathi">
Jeevansathi

Jeevansathi.com is an Indian matrimonial portal. The website was bought in 2006 by Info Edge (India) Ltd.
The website has more than 8.5 Lac registered members. The organization has around 230 employees working in 54 offices in 37 cities spread across the country, headquartered in Noida. Jeevansathi also has 14 Matchpoint across the India. It is a part of Bombay Stock Exchange and the growth of the company can be tracked in the annual report of Info Edge, shared on its website.
Its searchable directory includes profiles of prospective brides and grooms. One can register and search by religion, community, caste and sub-caste, geographical area, occupation, and mother native language.
Users can also search and contact using their mobiles.

</doc>
<doc id="36839981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839981" title="Maspion">
Maspion

Maspion is one of the tools-producing company in Indonesia. This company produce household appliances in kitchen utensils, plastic housewares, glassware, and household electrical appliances. PVC and PE pipes are also available for both residential and household.
History.
The history begins in 1962 from UD Logam Jawa, simple home kitchen industry founded by Mr. Alim Husain and his colleague Gunardi Go. Before becoming big as it is today, the history of Maspion quite unique and simple. Alim Husain, Alim Markus's father set up a small business that produces oil lamp made of aluminum and metal. Companies that stand circa 1961 was named UD Logam Jawa. The number of employees only eight people and can produce about 300 dozen per day. Of the kerosene lamp then developed to produce hurricane lamps for the fishermen. The late '70s began producing furniture with materials such as plastic buckets, basins, pans, and so forth. In 1972, the family business Alim Husain progressing and growing so then designing a new name and logo. Alim Husain's family finally gained a new name, namely Maspion.
After PT Maspion stand, Alim Hussein handed over baton to his leadership as president Alim Markus who was the eldest son. While Alim Mulia Sastra, Alim Satria, and Alim Prakasa respectively managing director position. Alim Husain himself held the position of chairman.
The company employs approximately 13,000 people with manufacturing facilities across four industrial areas in Sidoarjo and Gresik, East Java, and one factory in Jakarta and West Java.

</doc>
<doc id="36839983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839983" title="Canopus Foundation">
Canopus Foundation

The Canopus Foundation is a registered private charitable institution under German jurisdiction founded in 1997 by Wolfgang Heller and Dr. Peter W. Heller, focusing its activities in the field of venture philanthropy.
Organization.
Management.
Dr. Peter W. Heller is the foundation’s Executive Director. The Board of Trustees includes Dieter Heller, Micaela Heller and Julia T. Heller.
Staff.
The foundation employs 3 permanent staff and 4 freelancers (status: 2013). The yearly operating budget amounts to approximately 300.000 Euro.
Office.
The foundation is legally registered in Dreieich, Germany. The office is located in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
History.
The initial focus after the establishment of the Canopus Foundation in October 1997 was set on the development of a profile for the organization. Between the years 2000 and 2008 Canopus gained valuable practical experience while working with social entrepreneurs in less developed and emerging countries. The main emphasis of the foundation’s work was set on poverty reduction by means of access to renewable energy. 
During this time, the foundation supported among others the project "The Sun Shines for All" by IDEAAS (Brazil), in providing low-income homes in Paraná and Rio Grande do Sul with solar power-generated electricity; assisted SELCO Ltd. in Bangalore, India, at certifying their solar systems as “Certified Emission Reduction” (CER) projects; consulted the Barefoot College in Tilonia, India, on the establishment of a manual production line of solar lanterns, and cooperated with Grameen Bank, Grameen Shakti and Grameen Cybernet in providing three village schools in Bangladesh with thin-film solar modules for the local generation of electricity.
In 2008, in cooperation with Ashoka, the Canopus Foundation launched the Solar for All Initiative. The objective of the global initiative is to make solar energy affordable to the 1.4 billion people without access to electricity. 
In 2010, the Indian company Greenlight Planet was awarded with the Solar for All Innovation Prize at Intersolar North America in San Francisco.
In 2011, the foundation initiated the development of a Social Impact Investment Fund which is currently implemented by the investment management company Bamboo Finance, Geneva.
Mission.
The foundation promotes private social investment and social enterprise in order to fight poverty and environmental degradation, and provides business development assistance for social entrepreneurs in developing countries working in the field of clean energy technologies.
Approach.
The Canopus venture philanthropy model involves high-engagement philanthropy and a focused approach, facilitating investments in organizations that operate in the ﬁeld of renewable energy and energy efficiency. The supported social entrepreneurs are all based in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Cooperating Partners (Selection).
Ashoka, Bamboo Finance S.A., IDEAAS (Fabiò Rosa), SELCO Ltd., Elea Foundation for Ethics in Globalization

</doc>
<doc id="36839985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839985" title="Israel women's national basketball team">
Israel women's national basketball team

The Israel national women's basketball team represents Israel in international basketball matches and is controlled by the Israel Basketball Association.
Roster.
The roster for EuroBasket Women 2011:

</doc>
<doc id="36839988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36839988" title="Renāte Lāce">
Renāte Lāce

Renāte Lāce (18 February 1943 – 3 March 1967) was a Latvian track and field athlete. She won the gold medal at the 1963 Summer Universiade in the 100 metres event, and has got several other medals at Universiade. Lāce competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics – 4th place in the 4 x 100 metres relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36840016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840016" title="Guamanian balanced budget referendum, 1986">
Guamanian balanced budget referendum, 1986

A referendum on introducing balanced budgets was held in Guam on 1 November 1986. Although more voters voted "yes" than "no", the Santos Amendment had required that the referendum required at least 50% of all votes in favour to pass. As a result the proposal was rejected.

</doc>
<doc id="36840017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840017" title="Sunil Duggal">
Sunil Duggal

Sunil Duggal is an Indian entrepreneur and business executive. He is the current Chief Executive Officer of Dabur, India's largest Ayurvedic medicine manufacturer.
Duggal holds an undergraduate degree in engineering from prestigious Birla Institute of Technology and Science and an MBA from Indian Institute of Management Calcutta. He started his career after his MBA as a management trainee in Wimco, and worked in Bennett, Coleman and Co. and PepsiCo before joining Dabur in 1995. He took over as the CEO of the organization in June 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36840021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840021" title="General Education">
General Education

General Education is a 2012 comedy film, directed by Tom Morris, starring Chris Sheffield, Maiara Walsh, Elaine Hendrix, Bobby Campo, Janeane Garofalo and Larry Miller and produced by Pelican House Productions. The film was shot in Chico and Gridley, California.
Plot.
Levi Collins, (Chris Sheffield), a high school senior, has been forced all his life by his father Rich, (Larry Miller), to play tennis due to a strong devotion to a family tradition. Levi receives a letter saying he has received a full scholarship to go to college at Forest Wood and play tennis, which makes his father very proud. In addition, Levi gets another letter from Arizona State saying he has been accepted, but his father discards it, encouraging him to go to Forest Wood. 
On the day before graduation, Levi learns that he has failed Science class, which he refuses to tell his father about. After attempting to bribe his science teacher Ms. Bradford, (Elaine Hendrix) with two tickets to his sister's mime show, he goes to the principal to seek help. Levi, with the help of his friend Charles, (Skylan Brooks), manages to trick the principal into letting him take part in the graduation ceremony so as to not anger his father, but his counselor Bebe, (Mercedes Masöhn), that because of his failing science, he cannot officially graduate. Levi then enrolls himself in a 10 day summer school program taught by his science teacher, and in doing so, has to cancel his trip to Mexico with his friends (Sean Przano & Harvey Guillen). Levi meets Katie, (Maiara Walsh), who says she is staying with her mother who is making her take the course. Federico, (Samuel Goldstein), tries to interfere, but after Levi knocks him out with a tetherball, he asks Katie out, and they go to see his sister's show. Levi picks her up and it is revealed that Katie's mother is Ms. Bradford. 
Levi covers up the summer school by telling his parents he has been taking a summer job at the local rice cake factory, which his father does not take seriously. Levi is continually forced by his father to keep up with tennis, even at the risk of missing the class. Ms. Bradford informs him that the final project is due soon and Levi doesn't have a topic. His friend Shady Nick, (Seth Cassel), after showing him a video online, convinces Levi to create a project around turning his Mercedes into an alternative fuel car, which runs on vegetable oil. Nick's mechanic friend Sampson, (Sam Ayers), believes it may work. The three of them work on the car, and convert it to run on vegetable oil using a special filter. They try it, and find that the project is a success, and Levi has his project. But after being forced by his father to practice for the upcoming Chico Open match against Federico, Levi misses another day of school and is dropped from the class. 
After another run in with Federico, who is revealed to have stolen Levi's car, he gets angry and smashes what he thinks is Federico's truck, but it is revealed to be Officer Bob's truck, and Levi ends up in jail. His mom, (Janeane Garofalo), comes to get him and he explains the circumstances of his summer, and how he is not interested in tennis. His mother explains that the tradition in his family was started when his great-grandfather decided he wanted to leave his family's history of farming behind to pursue his dream, and tells Levi he should do the same. So with the help of Charles, Katie, and Nick, they retrieve Levi's car, and try to help him get his car back to school to show Ms. Bradford before school ends. Levi confronts his father about his wish to not play tennis and asks for his help, but he refuses. 
Levi leaves, arrives at school and asks Ms. Bradford to look at his project, and after his father, who has had a change of heart, talks to her she agrees to look at the car. He shows her the vegetable oil experiment, and Levi manages to pass the class. He finally decides to leave tennis behind and go to Arizona State, and Katie says she will be staying the whole summer.
Reception.
The film gained unfavourable reviews, especially from Rotten Tomatoes, where it scored a 0% rating based on 14 reviews. However, 69% of audiences liked the film with an average rating of 3.9/5. On Metacritic, the film received a rating of 20/100 from 5 critics.
Slant Magazine's Nick Schager only gave the film half a star, stating it is "too derivative to be amusing and too earnest to be parodic" and that the script has a "flatness that turns every plot point into a lesson in illogicality"
Awards.
Tom Morris won the Breakthrough FilmMaker Award at the 2012 Newport Beach Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="36840025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840025" title="Northern Cape Provincial Legislature">
Northern Cape Provincial Legislature

The Northern Cape Provincial Legislature is the legislature of the Northern Cape province of South Africa. It is a unicameral body of 30 members elected every five years. The current legislature was elected on 22 April 2009 and has an African National Congress majority of 19 members. It is situated in Kimberley, in a newly built complex to the west of the city centre on the edge of Galeshewe.
The Northern Cape Provincial Legislature, like the eight other provincial legislatures in South Africa, was created on 27 April 1994 by the Interim Constitution of South Africa, which dissolved the four original provinces (and their provincial councils) and created the nine current provinces. It is currently constituted in terms of Chapter Six of the Constitution of South Africa, which defines the structure of the provincial governments.
Election.
The provincial legislature consists of 30 members, who are elected through a system of party list proportional representation with closed lists. In other words, each voter casts a vote for one political party, and seats in the legislature are allocated to the parties in proportion to the number of votes received. The seats are then filled by members in accordance with lists submitted by the parties before the election.
The legislature is elected for a term of five years, unless it is dissolved early. This may occur if the legislature votes to dissolve and it is at least three years since the last election, or if the Premiership falls vacant and the legislature fails to elect a new Premier within ninety days. By convention all nine provincial legislatures and the National Assembly are elected on the same day.
The most recent election was held on 7 May 2014. The following table summarises the results.
The following table shows the composition of the provincial parliament after past elections and floor-crossing periods.
Powers.
The Northern Cape Provincial Legislature elects the Premier of the Northern Cape, the head of the provincial executive. The legislature can force the Premier to resign by passing a motion of no confidence, or remove her for misconduct or inability. Although the Executive Council (cabinet) is chosen by the Premier, the legislature may pass a motion of no confidence to force the Premier to reconstitute the Council. The legislature also appoints the Northern Cape's delegates to the National Council of Provinces, allocating delegates to parties in proportion to the number of seats each party holds in the legislature.
The legislature has the power to pass legislation in various fields enumerated in the national constitution; in some fields the legislative power is shared with the national parliament, while in others it is reserved to the province alone. The fields include such matters as health, education (except universities), agriculture, housing, environmental protection, and development planning.
The legislature oversees the administration of the provincial government, and the Premier and the members of the Executive Council are required to report to the legislature on the performance of their responsibilities. The legislature also controls the finances of the provincial government by way of the appropriation bills which determine the provincial budget.

</doc>
<doc id="36840030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840030" title="Carlos Flores Ascencio">
Carlos Flores Ascencio

Carlos Alberto Flores Ascencio (born 10 August 1978) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre Back. He currently plays for Cobresol in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Club career.
Flores started his career with Deportivo Pesquero in 1999. That season he made his top-flight debut in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Later in 2003 he had spell with Estudiantes de Medicina in the 2003 season. There he played alongside his brother Juan "Chiquito" Flores.
Then in 2006 he played in the Copa Perú division with Deportivo Ingeniería and then the next season with Tarapacá de Huánuco.
The following seasons he would have spells with Sport Águila and Sport Huancayo. In his last spell with Huancayo he returned to the Descentralizado in the 2010 season, making 19 appearances and scoring 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36840035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840035" title="David McPherson (Paralympian)">
David McPherson (Paralympian)

David McPherson is a Paralympic athletics and swimming competitor from Australia who competed in the 1980 Summer Paralympics and 1984 Summer Paralympics as a classified "2" athlete. At the 1984 Summer Paralympics he won two medals in athletics: a silver medal in the Men's 100 m 2 event and a bronze in the Men's 200 m 2 event.

</doc>
<doc id="36840042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840042" title="Copa Catalunya (women's football)">
Copa Catalunya (women's football)

The Copa Catalunya Femenina is a knockout competition organised by the Catalan Football Federation for women's football clubs in the Catalonia autonomous community of Spain. Since its establishment in 2005 it has been dominated by RCD Espanyol and FC Barcelona, with five and four titles respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36840055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840055" title="Bad Sugar">
Bad Sugar

Bad Sugar is a British comedy pilot, written by Sam Bain and Jesse Armstrong, based on an idea by the show's stars Olivia Colman, Julia Davis and Sharon Horgan.
The programme centres on a wealthy, dysfunctional British mining dynasty, and is a parody of telenovela-style melodramas and soap operas such as "Dallas".
It was shown on Channel 4 on 26 August 2012. A full series was commissioned for broadcast in 2013 but cancelled before production with problems co-ordinating the core talents' schedules cited as the reason.

</doc>
<doc id="36840067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840067" title="Church of Saint Paul, Mirabello">
Church of Saint Paul, Mirabello

The Church of Saint Paul is a church in Mirabello, Ferrara, Italy. It was damaged in the 2012 Northern Italy earthquakes.

</doc>
<doc id="36840070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840070" title="ADCC 2011 – Absolute Division">
ADCC 2011 – Absolute Division

The Absolute Division (no weight limit), competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840092" title="ADCC 2011 – +99 kg Division">
ADCC 2011 – +99 kg Division

The Over 99 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the elimination and quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either grappler ends the match, if not then the grappler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840102" title="ADCC 2011 – 99kg Division">
ADCC 2011 – 99kg Division

The Under 99 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the elimination and quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840104" title="Jago Mikulic">
Jago Mikulic

Jago Mikulic is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia who competed in the 1976 Summer Paralympics as a classified "A" athlete in the Men's 60 m, Long Jump, Shot Put, Pentathlon and Javelin. He won two medals: a silver medal in the Men's Javelin A event and a bronze in the Men's Pentathlon A event.

</doc>
<doc id="36840114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840114" title="ADCC 2011 – 88kg">
ADCC 2011 – 88kg

The Under 88 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the elimination and quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840116" title="Frederic Charles Lascelles Wraxall">
Frederic Charles Lascelles Wraxall

Sir Frederic Charles Lascelles Wraxall, third Baronet (1828 – 11 June 1865), was a miscellaneous writer.
Life.
He was educated at Shrewsbury, where he was Dyke scholar, and matriculated from St Mary Hall, Oxford, on 26 May 1842, but left the university without graduating. In May 1863 he succeeded his uncle, Sir William Lascelles Wraxall, as third baronet.
From 1846, he spent the greater part of his life on the continent. In 1855 he served for nine months at Kerch in the Crimea as first-class assistant commissary, with the rank of captain, in the Turkish contingent. His experiences during this period are depicted in his "Camp Life: Passages from the Story of a Contingent" (1860). Before going to the Crimea he had issued "A Visit to the Seat of War in the North", a brochure which purported to be a translation from the German, but was probably original. Wraxall continued to interest himself in military matters. In 1856 he issued "A Handbook to the Naval and Military Resources of European Nations"; in 1859 "The Armies of the Great Powers"; and in 1864 a volume called "Military Sketches", which was chiefly concerned with the French army and its leaders, but had also chapters on the Austrian army, the British soldier, and "The Chances of Invasion".
In 1858, he led the "Naval and Military Gazette", and from January 1860 to March 1861 "The Welcome Guest", and he sent frequent contributions to the "St. James Magazine" and other periodicals. In 1860 he edited for private circulation the Persian and Indian dispatches of Sir James Outram. He was well versed in modern history, more particularly that of France and Germany during the last two centuries. His "Memoirs of Queen Hortense", written in collaboration with Robert Wehran (1861, 2 vols. 8vo; reissued in 1864), is little more than a compilation of gossip, but "Historic Byeways", two volumes of essays reprinted from periodicals, shows extensive reading. Besides other stories of German, French, and Russian history is "Mr. Carlyle's latest Pet", a hostile criticism of the characters drawn by that historian of Frederick William I, based upon the recently published "Aus vier Jahrhunderten" of Karl von Weber.
Wraxall's most important historical work was "The Life and Times of Caroline Matilda, Queen of Denmark and Norway" (1864, 3 vols. 8vo.). He claimed to have shown by original research the worthlessness of the evidence on which the queen was divorced after the Struensee affair, and published for the first time (iii. 252–3) the letter protesting her innocence, which the queen wrote just before her death to her brother George III of the United Kingdom. He obtained through the Duchess of Augustenburg a copy of the original in the Hanoverian archives, and through Sir Augustus Paget was afforded access to the privy archives of Copenhagen. He also used the privately printed "Memoirs" of the Landgrave Charles of Hesse-Cassel (brother-in-law of Christian VII of Denmark), the "Memoirs" of Reverdil (secretary to Christian), and the private journals of Sir N. W. Wraxall. The English foreign office remained closed to him.
Works.
Wraxall published several novels. They include:
He was author also of:
In 1862, he made the authorised British translation of Victor Hugo's "Les Misérables", which was reissued in 1864 and 1879. He made many other translations from French and German. A posthumous volume, collected from magazines, entitled "Scraps and Sketches gathered together", appeared in September 1865.
Personal.
Wraxall was born at Boulogne, France, in 1828, was the eldest son of Charles Edward Wraxall (1792–1854), lieutenant royal artillery, by Ellen Cecilia, daughter of John Madden of Richmond, Surrey. His grandfather was Sir Nathaniel Wraxall.
Wraxall married, in 1852, Mary Anne, daughter of J. Herring, esq. She died without issue on 27 November 1882. He died at Vienna on 11 June 1865. The baronetcy passed successively to Wraxall's younger brothers, Sir Horatio Henry (died 1882) and Sir Morville Nathaniel Wraxall (1834–1902), the fifth baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="36840122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840122" title="ADCC 2011 – 77kg">
ADCC 2011 – 77kg

The Under 77 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the elimination and quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840130" title="Nova Barcelona">
Nova Barcelona

Nova Barcelona, is the name of a short-lived colony of Catalan exiled Austrophiles existing from 1735 to 1738 and was created after the defeat of the supporters of Habsburg Spain. 
This colony was located in The Banat of Temeswar, on the site of the present town of Zrenjanin in Serbian Vojvodina. The colony was also known under the name Carlobagen, not to be confused with Karlobag in Croatia.
History.
In October 1716, following the Battle of Petrovaradin, a decisive Austrian victory in the Austro-Turkish War of 1716–18, the Habsburgs conquered the Ottoman town (Veliki) Bečkerek / (Nagy) Becskerek, now Zrenjanin in Vojvodina. With the Treaty of Passarowitz from July 21, 1718, the Ottoman Empire had to cede the Banat of Temeswar to the Austrian archduke. In order to develop the newly acquired region an Imperial Privileged Oriental Company (Kaiserliche privilegierte orientalische Kompagnie) was founded in 1719. It was intended to foster the commerce with the Ottoman Empire through the Danubian basin and the Adriatic ports of Trieste and Fiume. The Banat was underpopulated and the imperial authorities fostered its colonization with new settlers.
Austrophiles' second exile.
In 1735, Naples and Sicily were attacked by King Philip V of Spain. For many Catalans who there resided, seeking refuge after the War of Spanish Succession then began a second exile this time in Vienna. Perceived by the public as an economic cost to the treasury of the Holy Roman Empire, Charles VI tries to convert the refugees Austrophiles settlers in installing them in a region bounded by the Danube River, the natural border of the empire. The settlement was to be named "New Barcelona" but also Carlobagen, Carolonoble, or Carolina seem to have been proposed.
Arrival of settlers.
The first group of exiles arrived in fall 1735, and in 1737 there were about 800 exiles in Banat, out of some 3.500 - 5.000 present at the time in Hungary. Among them, the most numerous were those from Catalonia, followed by others from the former territories of the Crown of Aragon. Between 10% and 15% came from Sicily and Naples. Among the exiles were major figures in the War of the Spanish Succession like the brothers Giuseppe and Rafaelo Nebot, Colonel Bac de Roda (alias Francesc Macià i Ambert), Francesc de Castellví i Obando, and, probably, Pere Joan Barceló i Anguera.
Failure.
The installation was a failure partly because of the advanced age of settlers, most of them were veterans of the administration and the army. The continental climate of Banat affected the economic viability of the project to build a city. Plague raged in Vojvodina in 1738, and the proximity of the region with the Ottoman threat were other factors that precipitated the end of the colony. The year 1740 marks an important milestone for the exiles with the death of Emperor Charles VI, October 20. His successor, Maria Theresa of Austria, is not bound by oath to the Austrophile refugees. From 1740, many exiles was already in the cities of Austria-Hungary, especially in Buda and Vienna.
Legacy.
The colony of exiles Austrophiles has left almost no trace in the region except the son of an immigrant, Francesc de Vilana Perlas (son of the Marquis Ramon de Vilana Perlas Rialp), who was governor of Timişoara between 1753 and 1759. According to Collin Thomas, his name would be at the origin of the name of Perlez, a village in the municipality of Zrenjanin.

</doc>
<doc id="36840131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840131" title="ADCC 2011 – 66kg">
ADCC 2011 – 66kg

The Under 66 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the elimination and quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840143" title="20th Saskatchewan Legislature">
20th Saskatchewan Legislature

The 20th Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan was elected in the Saskatchewan general election held in April 1982. The assembly sat from June 17, 1982 to September 19, 1986. The Progressive Conservative Party led by Grant Devine formed the government. The New Democratic Party (NDP) led by Allan Blakeney formed the official opposition.
Herbert Junior Swan served as speaker for the assembly.
Members of the Assembly.
The following members were elected to the assembly in 1982:
Notes:
Party Standings.
</table>
Notes:
By-elections.
By-elections were held to replace members for various reasons:
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="36840152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840152" title="Devil's Chapel Scowles">
Devil's Chapel Scowles

Devil's Chapel Scowles () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1998. The site lies in the Forest of Dean and has four units of assessment by Natural England.
Scowles.
Scowle is the ancient name for certain limestone outcrops located in the Forest of Dean. These are important in folk memory and in the local heritage. The pits, holes and features called scowles occur in the centre of the Dean and normally contain iron ore, which gave rise to mining in the area. This has given the impression these are the result of human activity. Scowles are formed by a geological process.
Scowles are wildlife rich, and the minimum disturbance in the area has been beneficial. Habitats range from endangered limestone grassland to acid heathland, which are conservation priorities in Gloucestershire's Biodiversity Action Plan. Of prime importance is that the scowle areas support threatened species of bat. These creature hibernate in the deeper mines which are accessed at scowle formations.
Location.
This site is one of a series of Sites of Special Scientific Interest within the Forest of Dean and Wye Valley (Gloucestershire and Monmouthshire) notified for the Lesser and Greater horseshoe bat populations. The sites, between them, include both breeding and hibernation roosts. This is of European importance. Other sites which form part of this series in Gloucestershire include the breeding sites of Blaisdon Hall, Caerwood And Ashberry Goose House, Dean Hall Coach House & Cellar, and Sylvan House Barn. Hibernation sites include Buckshraft Mine & Bradley Hill Railway Tunnel, Old Bow And Old Ham Mines, Westbury Brook Ironstone Mine and Wigpool Ironstone Mine.
The deciduous woodlands and sheltered valleys of the Forest of Dean and the Wye Valley provide a good feeding area, and the underground systems provide roosting and breeding sites. The citations for the series of sites provide common information.

</doc>
<doc id="36840158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840158" title="2012–13 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team">
2012–13 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Panthers, led by head coach Rob Jeter, played their home games at the Klotsche Center and were members of the Horizon League. They finished the season 8–24, 3–13 in Horizon League play to finish in last place. They lost in the first round of the Horizon League Tournament to Green Bay.
2012–13 Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9|Horizon League Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36840160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840160" title="ADCC 2011 – Women's 60kg">
ADCC 2011 – Women's 60kg

The Women's Under 60 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840164" title="ADCC 2011 – Women's +60kg">
ADCC 2011 – Women's +60kg

The Women's Over 60 kg Division competition at the ADCC 2011 took place on the 24–25 September 2011 at the Capital FM Arena, Nottingham, United Kingdom with the quarterfinals taking place on the 24 September and the semifinals, bronze medal final and final, taking place on the 25 September.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840188" title="Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar">
Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar

Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar is an open-air museum and heritage park in Bagac, Bataan, Philippines.
The resort's theme is ""Pride in the past, hope for the future""
Location.
Las Casas Filipinas is located on the sea side, along Umagol river, in Barangay Pag-asa, Bagac, Bataan (Northern Luzon, Philippines).
History and description.
José "Gerry" Acuzar, owner of New San Jose Builders started to rebuild Spanish mansions in Bagac in 2003. Each house was dismantled brick by brick, numbered, transported to his property in Bagac, reassembled in the same order, and then restored. Houses were chosen based on their historical, cultural and architectural value. Acuzar bought houses which were in a state of neglect, from the owners, and in some cases also purchased the lot where the mansions stood. The "bahay na bato" ("Tagalog", literally meaning "great houses made of stone") which have stone foundations on the first floor and are made of wood on the second floor(constructed thus to withstand earthquakes), were transplanted from Manila (Tondo, Binondo and Quiapo), Quezon City, Pampanga, La Union, the Ilocos and Cagayan
Seven years later, in 2010, the heritage park was opened to public.
Spread over 400 hectares, the park features a collection of 27 Spanish Colonial buildings and stone houses ("bahay na bato" in Tagalog), planned to resemble a settlement reminiscent of the period. These houses were carefully dismantled, brick by brick, transplanted from different parts o of the Philippines and rehabilitated in these premises, to resemble the original structure. For parts that were missing, woodwork and bricks were replicated to resemble the original structure. For this, the Ciudad employs a workforce of 130 people, including 10 wood sculptors, three metal sculptors, 30 craftsmen who design ceilings, and construction workers. There are also five architects, two of whom are historical architects, and two artists
The resort also has a restaurant, a beach, calesa rides and a swimming pool.
The resort plans to house 50 such heritage houses.
Heritage houses.
Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar (literally meaning ""The Philippine houses of Acuzar"") contains 30 heritage houses.
About the founder and management.
Jose “Jerry” Acuzar (1956- ) is a Filipino architect and art collector from Balanga. He is the president of New San Jose Builders Inc. (NSJBI) and the owner of Goldenville Realty and development Corporation. Jose is the brother-in-law of the Executive Secretary Paquito Ochoa. On July 2, 2013, a resolution commending Jose Gerry Acuzar was tabled in the Philippine senate. As of September 2013, it remains pending
Las Casas is owned by his company Genesis Hotels and Resorts Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36840193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840193" title="Jolande van der Meer">
Jolande van der Meer

Johanna Emerentia "Jolande" van der Meer (born 18 November 1964 in Delft) is a retired Dutch freestyle swimmer who won two bronze team relay medals at the 1983 and 1985 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics and finished sixth in the 400 m and 800 m freestyle events. Between 1983 and 1984 she set four national records in the 800 m and 1500 m freestyle. 

</doc>
<doc id="36840228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840228" title="Shahid (film)">
Shahid (film)

Shahid is a 2013 Indian Hindi biographical film directed by Hansal Mehta and produced by Anurag Kashyap. It is based on the life of lawyer and human rights activist Shahid Azmi, who was assassinated in 2010 in Mumbai.
The film had its world premiere at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival's 'City to City' programme in September 2012. The film was selected for distribution by UTV Motion Pictures and released on 18 October 2013. The film received positive reviews from critics and considered its budget the film had commercial success at the box office. The film won the National Film Award for Best Actor and Best Director at the 61st National Film Awards ceremony.
Plot.
The film opens with murder of Shahid Azmi (Rajkummar Rao) and goes into flashback to the violence during the Bombay Riots, when Shahid witnesses cold-blooded murders and in anger runs away to Pakistan-administered Kashmir, where he spends a brief period at a militant training camp, but soon returns. In Mumbai, he is arrested under the TADA, for an alleged conspiracy to assassinate some politicians. He is brutally tortured by police and forced to admit the crime, after which is spends seven years at Tihar Jail in New Delhi. During his stay at Tihar Jail, he's been tried to be brainwashed by Omar Sheikh (Prabal Panjabi). But another fellow jail mate War Saab (K K Menon) inspires him to start his college education. Once he was acquitted of the charges, he went ahead to study law in Mumbai.
After receiving his law degree, Shahid works with lawyer Majeed Memon (Tigmanshu Dhulia) for some months, before starting his career as an independent lawyer with the financial support of his elder brother Arif (Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub). During this process he meets Mariam (Prabhleen Sandhu) a Muslim divorcee and marries her. Shahid soon starts picking up cases of Muslims charged under the POTA. He fights many cases pro bono in consultation with NGOs. Shahid gets his first major success as a defense lawyer, when Arif Paanwala, who was arrested under POTA in 2002 Mumbai bus bombing, was acquitted due to lack of evidence by the court.
Shahid then represents the accused in the 2006 Mumbai train bombings, the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul, the 2006 Malegaon bombings case. He then got criticized for supporting terrorists and started getting threatening calls due to which his family life also gets disturbed. On one occasion Shahid's face is blackened by assailants outside the court room. While defending Faheem Ansari in the 2008 Mumbai attacks case, he gets shot by four armed gunmen in his own office and dies on the spot. Later, Ansari is shown to be acquitted of all the charges by the Supreme Court of India due to lack of evidence.
Production.
Development.
After making "Woodstock Villa" in 2008, Mehta aiming to make a film on terrorism, had a brief meeting Shahid Azmi in 2008. However after Azmi was assassinated in 2010, Mehta changed the theme and decided to make a biopic. It took almost two years and several drafts of scripting along with Sameer Gautam Singh and Apurva Asrani, before film went on the floor.
In his seven-year career as human rights lawyer, Shahid Azmi won 17 acquittals, though script focuses on his two cases, the 2006 Mumbai train bombings and the 2008 Mumbai attacks for dramatic effect. Azmi was eventually shot dead in his Mumbai office in February 2010 at age 32. The scene in which Azmi's face is blackened by assailants outside a courtroom, was actually a re-enactment of an incident from Mehta's own life. In 2000, he was attack by Shiv Sena members and his office vandalised, after the film "Dil Pe Mat Le Yaar!!" (Don't take it to heart), which dealt with the issue of migrants in Mumbai.
Filming.
The film was made on a low-budget and shot in complete secrecy. Scenes were shot in in Azmi's office and colony at Kurla locality of Mumbai, where his neighbour allowed the crew to shoot at their home, without charge. The film was also shot in Nagpada, where Faheem Ansari's wife Yasmin lives.
Release.
"Shahid" made its theatrical release on 18 October 2013. The film was made on a budget of approximately Rs 8 million and was released in nearly 400+ screens worldwide.
Critical reception.
Shahid was well received by Indian and international critics.
Mohammad Kamran Jawaid, senior film critic for "Dawn", gave the film a positive review writing that the two-hour time constraints "means there's little room for the traditional expansion we get from biopics, and if at times "Shahid" feels like an expanded best-of Mr. Azmi's life, it’s because it is". Jawaid ends by "(wondering) if Mr. Mehta would be able to tell "Shahid" in a better way than what it is right now; it may not be "Best Picture" worthy – but I doubt if many of the films in every year's nomination are".
Madhureeta Mukherjee of "The Times of India" gave 3.5 out of 5 and stated that the film is brutally honest, brave and above all a fascinating humane story. "India Today" gave 4.5 out of 5 and stated that the director has put in his best and has managed to touch the right chord with the viewer. Bollywoodlife.com gave 4 out of 5 and stated that Shahid is a must-see film with an absolutely impeccable sub text that can be read as an urgent warning against the politics of isolation practiced by many political parties.
Subhash K. Jha of SKJbollywoodnews gave 4 out of 5 and stated that Shahid is the sort of rare raw unnerving journey into a socio-political reality that our cinema needs to undertake regularly, but it seldom does. Anupama Chopra of "Hindustan Times" gave 3.5 out of 5 stating "Shahid is Raj Kumar’s triumph. His Shahid has strength, anguish and a controlled anger, but also real charm. His smile lights up the frame. See Shahid for him." 
Box office.
The film opened to low occupancy of around 25% - 40% on first day. It had a collection of 20.5 million in first weekend. The film had a first week collection of around 26.5 million at the box office. The film's final worldwide gross was accounted at 40 million at the box office. Considering its budget and its final collection, the film was declared 'Hit' at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="36840238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840238" title="Homeographa mexicana">
Homeographa mexicana

Homeographa mexicana is a species of snout moths. It was described by Neunzig in 1994. It is found along the west-central coast of Mexico.
The length of the forewings is about 7 mm. The forewings are mostly ochre and reddish brown. The hindwings are pale smoky fuscous, but darker on the veins and near the costal and outer margins.

</doc>
<doc id="36840253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840253" title="Koksan">
Koksan

Koksan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36840264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840264" title="Gabrielle Garcia">
Gabrielle Garcia

Gabrielle "Gabi" Lemos Garcia is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor. She trains in São Paulo with Fabio Gurgel, at the Alliance team, where she has achieved two ADCC championships and eight world Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36840271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840271" title="Topçu, Tarsus">
Topçu, Tarsus

Topçu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at to the north of Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) and to the northeast of Tarsus. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Topçu was 138 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36840280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840280" title="Nathan Woodward">
Nathan Woodward

Nathan Woodward (born 17 October 1989) is a British track and field athlete, competing in the 400 metre hurdles.
Born in Solihull, he attended Water Orton Primary School and The Coleshill Secondary School. At age 11 he took up athletics and excelled in the 800 metres and in combined events, before switching to the 400 metre hurdles at age 16. After his A levels he moved to Loughborough University to study Human Biology and pursue his athletics career. 
He competed at his first senior championship in 2010, finishing fourth in his semi-final at the 2010 European Athletics Championships.
He won a silver medal at the 2011 European Athletics U23 Championships, behind countryman Jack Green. Nathan was selected for the British team for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, in the 400m hurdles. He finished second in his heat to advance to the semi-finals, in which he finished sixth and was eliminated.
In 2012, he finished third in the UK Olympic trials, behind Dai Greene and Jack Green, who secured their places, leaving the third place to be decided at the European Championships. Rhys Williams won gold in the 400 hurdles at the 2012 European Athletics Championships, whereas Woodward finished seventh. He was therefore not selected for the 2012 Olympic team despite having the A Standard.

</doc>
<doc id="36840292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840292" title="Tuvalu Ship Registry">
Tuvalu Ship Registry

The Tuvalu Ship Registry is the body appointed by the government of Tuvalu to register ships under the Tuvalu flag.
Function.
The responsibilities of the Registry include:
Reflagging of Iranian vessels.
Tuvalu entered the international spotlight in 2012 when ships that were sailing under the flag of Iran were registered in the Tuvalu Ship Registry. In response to the European boycott of Iranian oil exports over Iran's nuclear policy, a number of oil tankers changed to Tuvalu flags. According to Radio Australia, this could lead to unforeseen consequences for the small nation.

</doc>
<doc id="36840301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840301" title="Webhook">
Webhook

A webhook (or WebHook), in web development, is a method of augmenting or altering the behavior of a web page, or web application, with custom callbacks. These callbacks may be maintained, modified, and managed by third-party users and developers who may not necessarily be affiliated with the originating website or application. The term "webhook" was coined by Jeff Lindsay in 2007 from the computer programming term Hook.
Overview.
Webhooks are "user-defined HTTP callbacks". They are usually triggered by some event, such as pushing code to a repository or a comment being posted to a blog. When that event occurs the source site makes an HTTP request to the URI configured for the webhook. Users can configure them to cause events on one site to invoke behaviour on another. The action taken may be anything. Common uses are to trigger builds with continuous integration systems or to notify bug tracking systems. As they use HTTP, they can be integrated into web services without adding new infrastructure. However there are also ways to build a message queuing service on top of HTTP—some RESTful examples include IronMQ and RestMS.
In November 2012, the originator of the concept wrote about the next evolution in his thinking, the Evented Web.

</doc>
<doc id="36840312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840312" title="Christiana of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Christiana of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Princess Christiana of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, often referred to as "Christiane", (22 September 1634 in Copenhagen – 20 May 1701 at Delitzsch Castle) was the consort of Christian I, Duke of Saxe-Merseburg, who was the ruling Duke of Saxe-Merseburg from 1650 until his death.
Life.
Christiana was the fourth daughter, and the ninth of 15 children, of Philip, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and his wife, Sophie Hedwig of Saxe-Lauenburg. Christiana was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. She was raised by Magdalene Sibylle of Saxony, the widow of the Danish Crown Prince, at her widow seat Nyköpingshus.
On 19 November 1650, at the age of 16, Christiana married at Dresden Castle to Christian I, Duke of Saxe-Merseburg, the third son of Prince-Elector John George I of Saxony and his second wife, Duchess Magdalene Sibylle of Prussia. This was part of a double wedding: Christiana's elder sister Sophie Hedwig married Christian's younger brother Maurice. The double wedding was followed by four weeks of celebrations, including ballet and other performances, tournaments, parades and fireworks.
After her husband died in 1691, Christiana retreated to her widow seat, Delitzsch Castle, which she had received in 1688, replacing the earlier jointure Sangerhausen Castle. Delitzsch Castle had been renovated and remodeled to serve as her resicence, however, the renovated had not been completed when she moved in on 31 May 1692. During her time at Delitsch, Christiana added a French formal garden to the castle.
Marriage and issue.
Christian and Christiana had eleven children:

</doc>
<doc id="36840323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840323" title="Central Library, IIT, Bombay">
Central Library, IIT, Bombay

The Central Library is one of the central support services of IIT Bombay.The mission of the Library is to provide information services and access to bibliographic and full text digital and printed resources in order to support the scholarly and informational needs of the students, faculty and staff at the Institute Community.
Building Plan.
The library occupies an independent five-storey building,
Library Services.
the library offers circulating books, and also a bookbank of textbooks for loan to students whose parent’s income falls below the taxable limit.
The library maintains Inter-library loan relations with a number of institutions and libraries including IITs, BARC, NITIE, NCST, IISc, IIG, TIFR, IGIDR, TISS and NICT for exchange of books, journals, photocopies and videocassette
Library Collection.
The Library receives 450 print periodicals. Apart from this it has books and theses and dissertations, standards and reports, pamphlets which are approximately 5 lakhs. There are 1000 CDs and 231 DVDs.
The Central Library provides web-based access to over 450 books, 12,000 full text journals and 10 databases
24 x 7 on institute-wide network as per the following details.
Institutional Repository.
The IIT Bombay Institutional repository is an electronic collection of research produced at IITB, including full-text book chapters, conference/proceeding papers,technical reports, journal pre prints & post-prints, working papers, Patents and annual reports.
ETD.
The Library supports the electronic submission of theses and dissertations by postgraduate and doctoral students. During 2011-12, 899 M. Tech dissertations and 157 Ph.D. Theses were submitted via this system.
Staff.
Th D. Jotwani is the current Chief librarian.
References.
Ganpule S. R. and Waydande H. S.“Computerization of IIT Bombay Central Library: Cost Benefit Approach” IN CURRENT TRENDS IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY: IMPACT ON INFORMATION SCIENCE IN INDIA ed by Kuldeep Chand., Society for Information Science, New Delhi.,1993, p.
39-46.
Ghosh, Maitraiee. “Digital Infrastructure and attitude towards access and sharing: A case study of Selected Engineering Libraries in the Maharashtra State of India.” International Information and Library Review 41, no.2(2009), www.sciencedirect.com
Jadhav, Mahendra N. and Bamane, Niranjana J. “Electronic Theses and Dissertations (ETD): An initiative at Central Library, Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. Available at: http://docs.ndltd.org:8080/dspace/bitstream/2340/208/1/1074244208-text.pdf
Jadhav, Mahendra N. and Kulkarni, Shobha Electronic Security: A case study of IIT Bombay Central Library. Available at http://ir.inflibnet.ac.in/dxml/bitstream/handle/1944/181/03cali_12.pdf?sequence=2
Jotwani, Daulat (2005). Library portal – a knowledge management tool. In Multilingual computing and information management in networked
digital environment. ed. Murthy T.A.V. et al. (pp. 612–620). Ahmedabad: Inflibnet Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="36840324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840324" title="Connor Brown">
Connor Brown

Connor Anton Brown (born 2 October 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Oldham Athletic as a defender. Born in Sheffield Brown came through the ranks at local side Sheffield United but left before making a first team appearance.
Career.
Sheffield United.
Brown started his career with Sheffield United as a junior in their Academy before signing a senior contract in the summer of 2011. After failing to make the breakthrough into the first team he was released in the summer of 2012.
Oldham Athletic.
After leaving Bramall Lane Brown signed a one–year deal with League One rivals Oldham Athletic with the option of a further year. In his first season with the club, Brown went on to make 29 appearances in all competitions. 
In May 2013, he was rewarded with the one - year option on his contract being exercised, extending his contract for a further year.
At the end of season and after vast improvement during his second season with the club, Brown was offered a new contract.
Suspension from Sheffield United.
Following the conviction of team mate Ched Evans for rape in 2012, Brown posted defamatory comments about the victim on social media site Twitter and was subsequently suspended by Sheffield United before being released.

</doc>
<doc id="36840336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840336" title="ADCC 2005 – Absolute Division">
ADCC 2005 – Absolute Division

The Absolute Division (no weight limit), competition at the ADCC 2005 took place on 6–7 May 2011 at the California State University, Long Beach, California, USA.
This submission wrestling competition consists of a single-elimination tournament, with and a bronze medal match between the losing semi-finalists. The two finalists face off for gold and silver medals.
Each bout consists of one ten minute round, except for the final which is a 20 minute bout and each match is not scored for the first half. A submission from either wrestler ends the match, if not then the wrestler who scored the most points is victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="36840339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840339" title="Laban Notation Symbols">
Laban Notation Symbols

Laban Notation Symbols generally refers to the wide range of notation symbols (or signs) developing from the original work of Rudolf Laban and used in many different types of Laban Movement Study such as Labanotation and Laban Movement Analysis for graphically representing human body positions and movements.
History.
see Rudolf Laban
Notation Staff.
The concept of a Staff is borrowed from music and the musical staff. It provides the basic framework for notating.
Spatial Symbols.
Several different methods have developed for notating space.
Direction Symbols.
In Labanotation the direction symbols are organized as three levels: high, middle, and low (or deep):
In Laban Movement Analysis and Space Harmony (Choreutics) the same 27 direction symbols are used but they have a different conceptualization. Instead of envisaging the signs on three parallel horizontal planes (high, middle, and low levels), the direction signs are organized according to the octahedron, cube (hexahedron), and the icosahedron.
Vector Motion Symbols.
In his early German publication "Choreographie", Rudolf Laban used a different group of spatial directional signs which represented orientation of lines of motion (rather than orientations of limb positions).
These signs were translated into modern-day Labanotation signs, and referred to as "vector signs".
Symbols for Relationships.
Relationships is used in a broad sense to refer to interactions amongst two or more bodies, for example awareness, focus, nearness, contact, physical weight support. Many fine distinctions have been deciphered. These have some relationship to Proxemics.

</doc>
<doc id="36840349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840349" title="Claudia Wilds Award">
Claudia Wilds Award

The ABA Claudia Wilds Award for Distinguished Service is an award given by the American Birding Association to a member who has given "long and useful service to the organization," either as a volunteer or as compensated staff, in recognition of the member's dedicated energy and years of service. 
One of five awards presented by the ABA for contributions to birding, the award is named in honor of Claudia Wilds (1931-1997), who made many contributions to ornithology and the ABA. Wilds was author of an important birdfinding guide to the mid-Atlantic states and co-author of a handbook of the world's terns and skimmers, completed after her death. Wilds served on the board of the ABA, was an associate editor of "Birding" magazine, wrote articles for "The Audubon Society Master Guide to Birding", and was a consultant in the preparation of the National Geographic Society's field guide. She herself was posthumously awarded the ABA's Ludlow Griscom Award in 1998.
The Claudia Wilds Award was first bestowed on Larry Balch.
List of recipients.
Since the award's inception in 2000, there have been nine recipients, including two years in which more than one member was recognized. 

</doc>
<doc id="36840364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840364" title="Mitch Rose">
Mitch Rose

Mitchell Nigel Rose (born 4 July 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Rotherham United in Football League One. He is the younger brother of Tottenham Hotspur defender Danny Rose. Rose was born in Doncaster.
Career.
Rotherham United.
He started a two-year scholarship with Rotherham United in 2010 after progressing through the Centre of Excellence. He was offered a one-year development professional contract in May 2012. On 25 August 2012, Rose made his professional debut for the Millers in a 1–1 draw with Chesterfield, coming on as a substitute for Ben Pringle. His first professional start for the club came 5 games later, where he played 69 minutes in a 0-0 draw against Barnet.
Stamford.
On 11 January, Rose and fellow Miller youngster Alec Denton joined Stamford on a one-month loan deal. There loan was later extended until the end of the season but, Mitchell Rose was recalled early from his loan spell on 8 April 2013
On 2 May 2013, Rose was offered and accepted a new contract from Rotherham United.

</doc>
<doc id="36840372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840372" title="Johan Cloete">
Johan Cloete

Johan Cloete (born: 21 July 1971; full name Johnnes Daniel Cloete) is an international cricket umpire from Northern Cape, South Africa. He has umpired 18 One Day Internationals, eleven Twenty20 International matches and 10 Indian Premier League matches. His car was attacked by the crowd in the Akbar Shah locality of Chittagong, Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="36840381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840381" title="KZ Sport 1">
KZ Sport 1

KZ Sport 1 TV channel — the first Kazakhstan sports TV channel which broadcasts 7 days in a week, 24 hours per day. The TV channel has private form of ownership.
KZ Sport 1 — it:
TV channel History.
Old logo of the Kazakhstan sports TV channel KZ Sport 1.
Owners and management.
General director — Lydia Kachelayeva
Translation.
Transfers.
The "All-terrain vehicle" serialized television program (Broadcast time on KZ Sport 1 TV channel: Environment 20:00, Friday 14:00)
Body the Vezdekhod magazine shines not only off-road sports, but also all variety of that isn't connected with a routine tide of life. An extreme, in all the variety, active, sometimes very, types of the rest, unusual autotravel to the unusual countries, raids with okhoto-and a rybinspektsiya, participation of "off-road" activists in the solution of environmental problems of the republic, activity of "asphalt" cars of fan clubs, acquaintance of the viewer to persons very authoritative in this sphere of human life, and also with equipment and the equipment, intended for all above-mentioned.
Partners.
KZ Sport 1 TV channel, cooperates with such media holdings, as «Sport Five», «ASN», «IEC in Sports», «Orange», «AMI», «UFO Sport», "KHL-marketing", «Team Marketing», «IMG», «NTV +».

</doc>
<doc id="36840386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840386" title="Russell Morrison (Paralympian)">
Russell Morrison (Paralympian)

Robert Morrison is a Paralympic swimmer from Australia. He was a classified "5" competitor at the 1972 Heidelberg Paralympics representing Australia in backstroke, freestyle and medley events. He won two bronze medals in the 100 m freestyle and 3 x 50 m medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36840387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840387" title="Saipan integration referendum, 1958">
Saipan integration referendum, 1958

A referendum on integration with Guam was held in Saipan in 1958. Although the proposal was approved by 64% of voters, the United States did not integrate the islands.
Background.
Saipan had been administratively separated from Guam since 1898, when the latter had come under American control. Saipan also came under American control in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36840398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840398" title="Hannette Staack">
Hannette Staack

Hannette Quadros Staack (born February 7, 1979) is a female Brazilian grappler and jiu-jitsu competitor. She is a three time ADCC champion. 

</doc>
<doc id="36840410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840410" title="Saipan integration referendum, 1963">
Saipan integration referendum, 1963

A referendum on integration with Guam was held in Saipan on 6 October 1963. Although the proposal was approved by voters, the islands were not integrated.
Background.
The referendum was organised by the local Parliament as members wanted the islands to integrate with Guam, and was timed to coincide with the visit of a United Nations commission looking at the status of the UN trust territories.

</doc>
<doc id="36840415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840415" title="Sir Cecil Wray, 13th Baronet">
Sir Cecil Wray, 13th Baronet

Sir Cecil Wray (1734–1805), thirteenth baronet, was an English politician.
Life.
On the death of his father in 1752 Cecil succeeded to the baronetcy and to large estates in Lincolnshire, Norfolk, and Yorkshire. He lived in a large house on the north-east side of Eastgate, Lincoln, but, through annoyance from ‘the clanging of anvils in a blacksmith's shop opposite, got disgusted’ with it. He also procured the demolition of the four gatehouses across Eastgate. From 26 December 1755 to 20 December 1757, he was a cornet in the 1st dragoons, and on 17 June 1778 he was appointed captain in the South Lincolnshire militia. He was also captain of a troop of yeomanry.
In 1760, Wray built a ‘Gothic castellated building,’ which he called Summer Castle, after his wife's name, but it has long been known as Fillingham Castle. It stands on a hill about ten miles from Lincoln. He contested the borough of East Retford in 1768 as ‘a neighbouring country gentleman and a member of the Bill of Rights Society’ against the interest of the Duke of Newcastle and the corporation, and sat for it in the two parliaments from 1768 to 1780 (Oldfield, Parl. Hist. iv. 340). He acted as chairman of the committee for amending the poor laws, and was one of the strongest opponents of the American war.
Politics.
On the elevation of Rodney to the peerage Wray, mainly through the influence of Fox, was nominated by the whig association to fill the vacancy in the representation of Westminster, and he held the seat from 12 June 1782 to 1784.
Between these dates the coalition of Fox and North had been brought about, and Wray at once denounced the union in the House of Commons of England. He also opposed with vigour Fox's India bill. At the general election in 1784 he stood for Westminster, with the support of the Tories, and in the hope of ousting Fox from the representation. The poll opened on 1 April, and closed on 17 May, when the contest ended, the numbers being Hood 6,694, Fox 6,233, Wray 5,998. The beaten candidate demanded a scrutiny, which the high bailiff, a tool of the Tories, at once granted, and it was not abandoned until 3 March 1785, when he was ordered by parliament to make his return at once.
Wray, without possessing ‘superior talents, was independent in mind as well as in fortune’, and had agreeable manners, but he was parsimonious. During the contest of Westminster the wits made themselves merry over his frailties. His ‘small beer’ was ridiculed, the ‘unfinished state of his newly fronted house in Pall Mall’ was sneered at, and he provoked much raillery by his proposals to abolish Chelsea Hospital and to tax maid-servants. 
Some absurd lines were attributed to him in the ‘Rolliad’, and to him was imputed an irregular ode in the contest for the poet-laureateship.
Wray figured in many of Rowlandson's plates to the ‘History of the Westminster Election, 1784.’ His person reappears as that of a Whig in 1791 in Gillray's caricatures of ‘the hopes of the party prior to July 14,’ and ‘A Birmingham Toast as given on 14 July by the Revolution Society.’ He lived after 1784 in comparative obscurity.
There was published in 1784 ‘A full Account of the Proceedings in Westminster Hall, 14 February 1784, with the Speeches of Sir Cecil Wray and others;’ and Watt mentions under his name the ‘Resolves of the Committee appointed to try the Election for the County of Gloucester in 1777, printed from the Notes of Sir Cecil Wray, the Chairman’.
A full-length portrait by Reynolds of Sir Cecil Wray is said to be at Sleningford, and there are portraits also at Langton and Fillingham Castle. Miss Dalton of Staindrop possesses a miniature of him, in the uniform of the 1st dragoons, and a full-length portrait by Opie of him in yeomanry uniform. Lady Wray's portrait was painted in 1767 by Sir Joshua Reynolds. In 1865, it was at Sleningford, near Ripon, the seat of Captain Dalton, and was in fair condition.
Personal.
Wray was born on 3 September 1734, was the eldest and only surviving son of Sir John Wray, ninth baronet (died 1752), who married on 4 March 1727–8 Frances (died 1770), daughter and sole heiress of Fairfax Norcliffe of Langton, Yorkshire.
He died at Fillingham or Summer Castle, Lincolnshire, on 10 January 1805, and was buried at Fillingham, a tablet being placed in the church to his memory. His wife was Esther Summers, but nothing is known as to her history or the date of their marriage. She died at Summer Castle on 1 February 1825, aged 89, and was buried at Fillingham, where a tablet preserves her memory. They had no issue, and Sir Cecil Wray's estates, which his widow enjoyed for her life, passed to his nephew, son of John Dalton (1726–1811), who had married his sister Isabella.

</doc>
<doc id="36840425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840425" title="Christian Pauls">
Christian Pauls

Christian Pauls (born 26 September 1944, Buckow, Brandenburg, Germany) is a retired German diplomat.
After studying law at the Universities of Freiburg, Hamburg and Montpellier from 1973 to 1975, he worked as a lawyer in Hamburg.
Pauls joined the Foreign Service in 1975 and then served at the German Foreign Office in Bonn and at the embassies of the Federal Republic of Germany in Greece, India, Italy and the USA, where he coincidentally had gone to middle school (Hardy Middle School, Georgetown, Washington DC) when his father, Rolf Friedemann Pauls, was the Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany to the United States.
From 1996 to 1999 Christian Pauls was head of a special staff at the Kosovo mission, then head of a subdivision in the Political Department of the German Foreign Office. From 2001 to 2005 Christian Pauls was Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany to Canada. His successor was Matthias Martin Höpfner.
Thereafter, he was Ambassador of the Federal Republic of Germany to Ireland. In September 2007, Ambassador Pauls made a brief speech in German to a visiting group from the German Federation of Buying and Marketing Groups (the ZGV) at Clontarf Castle in Dublin. in which he criticised Ireland's public service system.
Ambassador Pauls' remarks became known to the Irish media and thereafter resulted in a rebuke from Dermot Gallagher, the Secretary General of the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs.
Following this post in 2009, he went into retirement.
In subsequent years, Irish commentators remarked that the Ambassador's remarks were vindicated.

</doc>
<doc id="36840458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840458" title="Philip Kennedy">
Philip Kennedy

Philip Kennedy (born 1960) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfieder for the Tipperary senior team. 
A two-time All-Ireland-winning captain in the under-21 grade, Kennedy made his first appearance for the senior team during the 1981-82 National League and became a regular member of the team over the next few seasons. During that time he failed to claim any honours at senior level.
At club level Kennedy was a one-time county club championship with the Nenagh Éire Óg club.

</doc>
<doc id="36840476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840476" title="Dappy discography">
Dappy discography

The discography of Dappy, an English singer-songwriter, rapper, and actor, consists of one studio album, and four singles. He is best known for being the lead singer of the Camden-based pop trio N-Dubz, with his cousin Tulisa and Fazer.

</doc>
<doc id="36840480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840480" title="Burkina Faso at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Burkina Faso at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Three male athletes from Burkina Faso competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840506" title="Riker Hylton">
Riker Hylton

Riker Hylton (born 13 December 1988) is an Jamaican sprinter, competing in the 400 metres.
Riker Hylton won a bronze medal as part of the Jamaican team in the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu. He also ran in the 400 metres, where he was eliminated in the semi-finals
Hylton did not make the individual 400m Jamaican team for the 2012 Summer Olympics, but did compete in the 4 × 400 metres relay, running the second leg in the heats before Jermaine Gonzales pulled up injured.

</doc>
<doc id="36840517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840517" title="Macisvenda">
Macisvenda

Macisvenda is a village in the municipality of Abanilla, in the autonomous community of Region of Murcia, Spain. It lies close to the border of the province of Alicante in the Autonomous Community of Valencia. 
In 2009, Macisvenda had 634 inhabitants, while in 2011, the population grew to 657 people.
History.
No information about the origin of this hamlet of Abanilla until 1750 that appears in the cadastre of the Marqués de la Ensenada with Macilvenda name. He was also known as Macilbenda or Macirbenda until finally the present name was adopted as the official of Macisvenda.
[ edit ]Climate and vegetation
Climate and Topography.
Macisvenda climate characterized by warm summers and mild winters that favor the large amount of scrub that occurs in their places.
Part of the town is very flat and the other uneven, with many houses built on small elevations, as with the stand down.
Although it is a land with mountains where we can find conifers and date palms, there are olive trees, almond trees and above all, vineyards . The grapes of the whole area is intended to produce the wine, which is then sold in the same village and part of the province of Alicante . Macisvenda also has mountains and hills with pine and albardín esparto. The esparto was a major source of income and activities of these people.
[ edit ]Parish
Religion.
Macisvenda was part of the parish of Barinas ( hamlet of Abanilla near Macisvenda) for many years. Finally in the early twentieth century was built the chapel dedicated to San Juan Bautista, which provided its own area Macisvenda religious and liturgical.
In 1996, the chapel was raised to parish Macisvenda, independent from the neighboring church of Barinas.
The church of Macisvenda is located at the top of the hamlet, near the road to Barinas.
[ edit ]Festivities
The local festivities of this hamlet are made in honor of its patron San Juan Bautista and celebrate the end of August, being the day of the pattern and the more party on 29 August to celebrate the day of the Beheading of St. John Bautista .
[ edit ]village headman
Village Herdman.
Below is a table of the last village headman of Macisvenda since 1988:
Mandate Name of village headman Political party
1988–1991 Isidoro Torah Riquelme Party
1991–1995 Isidoro Torah Riquelme Party
1995–1999 José Carlos Pacheco Atienza Party
1999–2003 José Carlos Pacheco Atienza Party
2003–2007 José Carlos Pacheco Atienza Party
2007–2011 Juan Ruiz Ruiz Party
2011 – Juan Ruiz Ruiz Party

</doc>
<doc id="36840519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840519" title="Ivory Coast at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Ivory Coast at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Côte d'Ivoire competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840522" title="Margaret Murphy (athlete)">
Margaret Murphy (athlete)

Margaret Murphy is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia who competed in the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics as a classified "B2" athlete in the Women's 100 m, 400 m, Shot Put, Long Jump and High Jump. She won two medals: a silver medal in the Women's High Jump B2 event and a bronze in the Women's Long Jump B2 event.

</doc>
<doc id="36840529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840529" title="Dingle Wood">
Dingle Wood

Dingle Wood () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1972. The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
The wood is located within the Forest of Dean Forest Park and the Wye Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Location.
The Forest of Dean has been an area for timber production for hundreds of years. This has been maintained by careful planting and woodland management regimes. There is a "mosaic" of woodland types. The central region of the Dean lies on Coal Measures of the Carboniferous time period. This supports Oak and the ground flora is lime-hating. Around this central area are the Carboniferous limestones and Devonian sandstones. These produce fertile soils and support a variety of woodland types with a richer ground flora.
Woodland types and ground flora.
Dingle Wood is a planted woodland but considered to be an example of the best type of woodland habitat. Types of trees include Oak, Ash, Beech, some Cherry and Rowan. Shrubs include Holly, Yew, Field Maple and Hazel.
The wood to the east is dominated by Bramble, Bluebell, Wood Anemone, Wood Sorrel and Ivy. The wood to the west has uneven terrain, and deep pits (Scowles) from old iron workings, and supports uncommon plants, for example Herb Paris, Common Wintergreen, Bird's Nest Orchid and the Greater Butterfly Orchid.

</doc>
<doc id="36840531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840531" title="Depoe Bay Bridge">
Depoe Bay Bridge

The Depoe Bay Bridge is one of a series of significant bridges along the Oregon Coast Highway. The concrete arch bridge spans the mouth of Depoe Bay at milepost 127.61 with a main span, and a total length of . The bridge's designer was Conde McCullough who designed all of the 1920s bridges on the highway. The original bridge, completed in 1927, was only wide from curb to curb with no sidewalks, and was widened oin 1940 with a similar arched concrete bridge immediately adjacent to the original. The added structure is sympathetic to the original and is included in the National Register of Historic Places listing.
Description.
The original bridge spans the narrow outlet of Depoe Bay with one long arch and three arched girders on one approach side, with a smaller arched girder on the other side. The bridge was built by the Kuckenberg-Wittman Company for $55,000. The deck features a decorative arched railing with details in the Art Moderne style popular at the time. The 1940 bridge joins the original bridge to create a wide roadway with sidewalks on either side. The new span was built by the Odom Construction Company and incorporates stairs and a walkway under the bridge for access to the Depoe Bay Whale Watching Center.
The Depoe Bay Bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 5, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36840539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840539" title="Egypt at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Egypt at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

31 athletes (26 men and 5 women) from Egypt competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840557" title="2012 Tashkent Open">
2012 Tashkent Open

The 2012 Tashkent Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 14th edition of the Tashkent Open, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place at the Tashkent Tennis Center in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, from September 10 through September 16, 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36840558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840558" title="Throw That">
Throw That

"Throw That" is the fifth single of the hip hop group Slaughterhouse from their album "", which was released on August 28, 2012. The song features Eminem and production by T-Minus. It was available to purchase on iTunes on August 21, 2012. "Throw That" entered the Billboard Hot 100 at #98, making it both the group's and the album's most successful single to date.
Music video.
A Music video for "Throw That" was revealed by Joe Budden, on Shade 45, with 50 Cent's DJ, DJ Whoo Kid on November 30, 2012. The videos release date has not yet been confirmed, but is expected to be released sometime in Spring 2013. Joe Budden stated the video will feature some special guests.
Critical reception.
David Jeffries of AllMusic highlighted it and overviewed it positively: "Still in the club, "Throw That" sits in the same booth but seeking "higher mileage" with "I throw this, I throw this dick on you girl" as its brutish hook." Slava Kuperstein of HipHopDX thought that the song was skippable. Spin Magazine was acclaiming noting that it expertly channels the disorderly energy of iconic late-'90s Tunnel-era anthems. DJBooth noted that "You don’t have Em on the hook of a stripper anthem like Throw That without some hit aspirations" and critic thought that the song was "squeezed in a box."

</doc>
<doc id="36840561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840561" title="Northern Mariana Islands status referendum, 1961">
Northern Mariana Islands status referendum, 1961

A referendum on the islands' status was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 5 February 1961. Although 64% of voters supported integration with Guam, the United States did not integrate the islands.
Background.
The referendum was organised by the local Parliament, as members wished to integrate with Guam. It was held prior to a March visit by a United Nations commission checking on the conditions of the UN trust territories.

</doc>
<doc id="36840562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840562" title="Kenya at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Kenya at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

17 athletes (11 men and 6 women) from Kenya competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840574" title="Defense Distributed">
Defense Distributed

Defense Distributed is an online, open-source organization that designs firearms, or "wiki weapons", that may be downloaded from the Internet and "printed" with a 3D printer. Among the organization's goals is to develop and freely publish firearms-related design schematics that can be downloaded and reproduced by anyone with a 3D printer.
After raising over via a crowd-funding appeal, suffering the confiscation of its first 3D printer, and partnering with private manufacturing firms, the organization began live fire testing of printable firearm components in December 2012.
Defense Distributed has to date produced a durable printed receiver for the AR-15, the first printed standard capacity AR-15 magazine, and the first printed magazine for the AK-47. These 3D printable files were available for download at the organization's former publishing site, DEFCAD, but are now largely hosted on file sharing websites.
On May 5, 2013, Defense Distributed made public the 3D printable files (STL files) for the world's first fully 3D printable gun, the Liberator .380 single shot pistol.
On May 9, 2013, the United States Department of State requested that Defense Distributed remove its download links from public availability while it determined if the organization violated the International Traffic in Arms Regulations. Defense Distributed has voluntarily complied.
History.
Founding.
The defensedistributed.com domain name was registered on June 4, 2012. The website was unveiled in conjunction with an Indiegogo campaign of the same name in July 2012, where the organization asked to receive . Indiegogo suspended the crowd-funding campaign for a terms of service violation after three weeks, refunding the money raised without offering public comment. Defense Distributed continued the appeal on its own website, however, accepting contributions through PayPal and the cryptocurrency Bitcoin, and met its fundraising goal in September 2012.
The organization has been predominantly represented in public since July 2012 by Cody Wilson, who is described as a founder and spokesperson.
Defense Distributed lists its members as a mix of students, IT professionals, engineers, and programmers from the United States and Germany.
Purpose.
According to the Defense Distributed website, the nonprofit is organized and operated for charitable and literary purposes, specifically "to defend the civil liberty of popular access to arms as guaranteed by the United States Constitution and affirmed by the Supreme Court, through facilitating global access to, and the collaborative production of, information and knowledge related to the 3D printing of arms; and to publish and distribute... such information and knowledge in promotion of the public interest." The website's “Manifesto” link directs users to an online version of John Milton's essay "Areopagitica".
The organization’s motivations have been described as "less about gun... than about democratizing manufacturing technology,"
In an interview with "Slashdot", Cody Wilson described the Wiki Weapon project as a chance to "experiment with Enlightenment ideas… to literally materialize freedom.”
At Bitcoin 2012 in London, Wilson explained the organization as interested in inspiring libertarian forms of social organization and technologically driven inversions of authority.
DEFCAD.
In December 2012, as a response to Makerbot Industries' decision to remove firearms-related 3D printable files at the popular repository Thingiverse, Defense Distributed launched a companion site at defcad.org to publicly host the removed 3D printable files and its own.
Public and community submissions to DEFCAD rose quickly, and in March 2013, at the SXSW Interactive festival, Wilson announced a repurposed and expanded DEFCAD as a separate entity that would serve as a 3D search engine and development hub, while maintaining the spirit of access endemic to Defense Distributed. The new DEFCAD was deemed "The Pirate Bay of 3D Printing" and "the anti-Makerbot" even before its launch, and provides an index of over 100,000 files.
Administration.
Legal status.
Defense Distributed is a pending 501(c)(3) federal tax exempt organization, and not a weapons manufacturer.
The organization operates to publish intellectual property and information developed by licensed firearms manufacturers and the public.
Cody Wilson has a Type 7 Federal Firearms License (FFL), however.
Legal Issues.
Stratasys confiscation.
Learning of Defense Distributed's plans in 2012, manufacturer Stratasys, Ltd threatened legal action and demanded the return of the 3D printer it had leased to Wilson. On September 26, before the printer was assembled for use, Wilson received an email from Stratasys suggesting that he might use the printer "for illegal purposes".
Stratasys immediately canceled its lease with Wilson and sent a team to confiscate the printer the next day.
Wilson was subsequently questioned by the ATF when visiting an ATF field office in Austin, Texas to inquire about legalities and regulations relating to the Wiki Weapons project.
The Undetectable Firearms Act.
Defense Distributed's efforts have prompted renewed discussion and examination of the Undetectable Firearms Act. The Liberator pistol was cited in White House and Congressional calls to renew the Act in 2013.
International Traffic in Arms Regulations.
On May 9, 2013, The United States Department of State Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) directed Defense Distributed to remove the download links to its publicly accessible CAD files. The State Department's letter, likely prompted by the Liberator Pistol, referenced § 127.1 of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), interpreting the regulations to impose a prior approval requirement on publication of Defense Distributed's files into the public domain. This pre-publication requirement has been noted to suffer from constitutional infirmities, and may interfere with individual rights protected by the First and Second Amendments.
Peer to peer torrent sites continue to host torrents of Defense Distributed CAD files.
Reception.
Defense Distributed has received both strong praise and criticism. It has not been endorsed by the National Rifle Association (NRA), which to date has offered no public comment on the organization or its activities. Defense Distributed has been obliquely endorsed by the Gun Owners of America (GOA). Critics have accused the organization of endangering public safety and attempting to frustrate and alter the US system of government.
Commenting on Defense Distributed’s frequent theatricality, Aaron Timms of Blouin News described the organization as performing “the greatest piece of political performance art of 21st century.”
Open source software advocate Eric S. Raymond has endorsed the organization and its efforts, calling Defense Distributed "friends of freedom" and writing "I approve of any development that makes it more difficult for governments and criminals to monopolize the use of force. As 3D printers become less expensive and more ubiquitous, this could be a major step in the right direction."

</doc>
<doc id="36840577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840577" title="Mauritius at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Mauritius at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

2 male athletes from Mauritius competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840580" title="Henry Périer">
Henry Périer

Henry Périer is a French art critic, PhD in art history and independent curator.
He is the biograph of Pierre Restany, the French art critic, founder of the movement New Realism (Arman, César, Raymond Hains, Yves Klein, Niki de Saint-Phalle, Jacques Villeglé, etc.)
Curator of the year of China in France 2004, he organized an exhibition including 39 Chinese contemporary artists such as Zhang Xiaogang, Wang Guangyi, Yue Minjun, Fang Lijun, Yang Shaobin at the Museum of Contemporary Art of Marseille. Scientific advisor of the retrospective Zeng Fanzhi at the Musée d'Art moderne de la ville de Paris (October 2013 - February 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="36840590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840590" title="Morocco at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Morocco at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

4 male athletes from Morocco competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840595" title="Tanzania Zanzibar International Register of Shipping">
Tanzania Zanzibar International Register of Shipping

The Tanzania Zanzibar International Register of Shipping (TZIRS) is the body appointed by the Tanzania Zanzibar Government to register ships under the Tanzanian flag.

</doc>
<doc id="36840598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840598" title="Nigeria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Nigeria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

8 male athletes from Nigeria competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840610" title="South Africa at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
South Africa at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

40 athletes (29 men and 11 women) from South Africa competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840614" title="Tunisia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Tunisia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Three athletes (two men and one woman) from Tunisia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840625" title="Daniel C. Matt">
Daniel C. Matt

Daniel C. Matt is a Kabbalah scholar and professor at the 
Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley. He received Ph.D. from the Brandeis University and taught at Stanford University and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
Daniel Matt is known for a translation of the book of Zohar into English, a work in progress.

</doc>
<doc id="36840627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840627" title="Zimbabwe at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Zimbabwe at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Zimbabwe competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840628" title="Jonathan Adams (athlete)">
Jonathan Adams (athlete)

Jonathan Adams (born 11 September 1992) is a paralympian athlete from England competing mainly in category 34 throwing events. He qualified to represent the Great Britain team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, competing in the F34 shot put.
Life history.
Jonathan Robert Adams was born in Bury St Edmunds, West Suffolk, England in 1992, to Robert and Sharon Adams. He is the younger sibling to sister Ayesha. Adams was born 9 1/2 weeks premature and spent his early life requiring medical support before being diagnosed with cerebral palsy. He became involved in sport while in primary school after he took part in the Norfolk Youth Games. A student at Loughborough College, by 2009 Adams was entering youth competitions in the shot put and discus, recording a personal best in the shot of 9.84m in September. In 2010 Adams improved on both his shot put and discus records 10.59m and 36.27m respectively.
In April 2011, Adams entered the IWAS World Junior Championships, held in Dubai. There he won silver in both the discus and shot. That year he also entered meets in Germany and the Netherlands. In 2012 he was selected to represent the Great Britain team in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the F34 shot put event. Before the start of the Paralympics, Adams confessed that he did not expect to win a medal, but would use the London 2012 games as a spring board to achieving success in the 2016 Games in Rio.

</doc>
<doc id="36840637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840637" title="Ballon d'Or 1964">
Ballon d'Or 1964

The 1964 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Denis Law from Manchester United, the first Scotsman to win this award.

</doc>
<doc id="36840643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840643" title="Argentina at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Argentina at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

56 athletes (49 men and 7 women) from Argentina competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840648" title="Bermuda at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Bermuda at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two female athletes from Bermuda competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840653" title="2012 Challenge Bell">
2012 Challenge Bell

The 2012 Challenge Bell was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 20th edition of the Challenge Bell, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. It was held in Quebec, Canada, from September 11 through September 17, 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry from a lucky loser spot:
Doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36840659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840659" title="Brazil at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Brazil at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

60 athletes (41 men and 19 women) from Brazil competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840681" title="Maureen Toal">
Maureen Toal

Maureen Toal (7 September 1930 – 24 August 2012) was an Irish stage and television actress whose professional career lasted for more than sixty years.
She was born in 1930 and was originally from Fairview, Dublin. Toal began performing at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin in 1946, when she was just sixteen years old. She became a fixture at the theater, portraying Bessie Burgess in "The Plough and the Stars" and the Widow Quinn in "The Playboy of the Western World". She also appeared in several one woman shows, including "Baglady", which was written by Irish playwright Frank McGuinness. Another playwright, John B. Keane, wrote the role of Mame Fadden in his play, "The Change in Mame Fadden", specifically for Toal. Hugh Leonard also penned characters in his plays "A life" and "Great Big Blonde" with the intention of casting Toal in the parts.
Toal was best known to Irish television audiences for her role as Teasy McDaid on RTÉ One's "Glenroe" during the 1990s.
The University College Dublin awarded Toal an honorary doctorate in literature in 2010. In his speech at the ceremony, Frank McGuinness called her "our greatest actress."
In 1952, she married fellow Irish actor Milo O'Shea. They divorced in 1974 
Maureen Toal died in her sleep at her home in Sandycove, Dublin, on 24 August 2012, at the age of 81. She was survived by her son, Colm O'Shea; two sisters, one brother, and three grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="36840683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840683" title="John Newton (bowls player)">
John Newton (bowls player)

John Newton is a Paralympic lawn bowler from Australia. He competed at the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics winning a bronze medal in the Men's Singles A6/8 event.

</doc>
<doc id="36840687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840687" title="Wang Guan (Cao Wei)">
Wang Guan (Cao Wei)

Wang Guan (birth and death dates unknown), courtesy name Weitai, was an official of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.
Life.
He lost his parents early. 
Cao Cao summoned him to make Assistant of Literature of Chancellor (丞相文學掾). Later, he went outside of the capital, he became County Prefect (縣令) of Gaotang (高唐), Yangquan (陽泉), Zan (酂), Ren (任).
When Cao Pi ascended the throne, he entered the capital becoming Gentleman of the Imperial Secretariat (尚書郎) and Minister of Justice (廷尉監). Afterwards he went outside of the capital and became Administrator (太守) of Nanyang (南陽) and Zhuo Commandery (涿郡). There he built a reputation of defending local people from the invasion of Xianbei (鮮卑) tribe. 
When government inspector came to check the state of his administration, he volunteered to degrade his grade on the ground that his region was under the threat of Xianbei, and endured the penalty of sending his own child to the capital as a hostage despite his son was an infirm. Before long he entered the capital and became an official of presiding trials.
When Cao Fang ascended the throne, although Cao Shuang wielded absolute authority, Wang Guan enforced laws with rigor so that Wang Guan confronted Cao's associates several times. As Cao Shuang felt uncomfortable with Wang Guan for this reason, Cao Shuang demoted Wang Guan to Minister Coachman (太僕).
When Sima Yi launched a coup d'état in 249, Wang Guan participated the coup e'tat by becoming a temporary general, the Central Commander of the Army (中領軍), the position of Cao Xi. After Cao Shuang was executed, Wang Guan received the title of a "Secondary Marquis" (關內侯) and was appointed as Imperial Secretariat (尚書) and director of imperial equine operations (駙馬都尉). 
In 254, Cao Fang was deposed. Wang Guan was promoted to 中鄉亭侯 and was given the Guanglu Daifu (光祿大夫) and became Right Deputy Director of the Imperial Secretariat (尚書右僕射). 
In 260, Cao Mao was killed and Cao Huan ascended the throne. Wang Guan became Marquis of Yang (陽鄉侯) and became Excellency of Works (司空). However days after, he died.

</doc>
<doc id="36840690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840690" title="Canada at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Canada at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Canada competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States, from August 16 to 25, 1996. 133 athletes (95 men and 38 women) competed in 15 sports. Canada won a total of 70 medals and finished in seventh on the medal table.
Wheelchair basketball player Marni Abbott was the country's flag bearer at the opening ceremony. 

</doc>
<doc id="36840709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840709" title="Chile at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Chile at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Chile competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840717" title="Colombia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Colombia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Colombia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840730" title="Cuba at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Cuba at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Ten athletes (nine men and one woman) from Cuba competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840745" title="Ike Anderson">
Ike Anderson

Isaac (Ike) Anderson is a former United States Olympic athlete who competed in Greco-Roman wrestling and is currently the Greco-Roman developmental coach for USA Wrestling.
Anderson was 6th at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea in Greco-Roman wrestling (62 kg). Anderson won three U.S. National titles in Greco-Roman wrestling, was a national runner-up four times, and took silver at 62 kg at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba.
Anderson attended Appalachian State University where he qualified for the NCAA Championships and earned degrees in recreation and physical education. Anderson also wrestled for Broward Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="36840746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840746" title="Bahrain at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Bahrain at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Six male athletes from Bahrain competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840758" title="Iolaus bakeri">
Iolaus bakeri

Iolaus bakeri, Baker’s Sapphire , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Malawi, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba and Kivu).
Adults are on wing year round.
The larvae feed on "Tapinanthus oleifolius".

</doc>
<doc id="36840761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840761" title="Chinese Taipei at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Chinese Taipei at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Fourteen athletes (thirteen men and one woman) from Chinese Taipei competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840772" title="Armenia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Armenia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Five male athletes from Armenia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840778" title="Austria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Austria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

49 athletes (44 men and 5 women) from Austria competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840782" title="Shri Mansa Mata Mandir Hasampur">
Shri Mansa Mata Mandir Hasampur

Mata Mansa Devi is a Hindu temple dedicated to goddess Mansa Devi, a form of Shakti, in the Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India. The temple complex is spread of of the Hasampur foothills in village Hasampur, near Neem Ka Thana, and Sikar, 20 km from NH8 Kotputli, another noted Devi shrine in the region, both just outside Sikar.
It is one of the prominent Shakti temples of North India. Thousands of devotees visit the shrine from various parts of the country, and especially during the Navratra mela, this number rises to lakhs everyday for the nine auspicious days.
History.
Maharaja Mittal God of Hasampur constructed the present main temple of Shri Mansa Devi, which is situated on the Hasampur foothills in village Hasampur, Tehsil Neem Ka Thana and District Sikar, in Since 965 AD. At a distance of 200 meters from the main temple is the Hasampur. Durga Mata Marbel Murti which was constructed by Seth Ramavatar Muchhal, the then Maharaja Hasampur in the year 1982. This temple had the patronage of Rajasthan State. After the merger of princely states into PEPSU the Patronage of State Govt. ended and the temples remained neglected. The raja of Rajasthan then appointed pujari as ‘Keshavpanditji’ of this temple whose duty was to worship the deity of the temple. Whose Mobile No is 9413072190, 9680812171. After the merger of princely State into Pepsu these pujaris became independent on the matter of controlling and managing the affairs of the temple and the land attached to the temple. They could neither maintain this temple nor provide necessary facilities to the visiting devotees and thus the condition of the temple deteriorated day by day. So much so that there were no proper arrangements for pilgrims visiting the temple during Navaratra melas. The complex was in awfully neglected condition till the establishment of the Board. SHRI MANSA MATA MANDIR E-MAIL ID IS .
Navratra Melas.
Navratra festival is celebrated in the mandir for nine days. Twice in a year millions of devotees visit the temple. Shardiya Navratra mela are organized at the shrine complex during Chaitra and Ashvin months. Every year two Navratra melas are organised in the month of Ashvin (Shardiya, Sharad or Winter Navratra) and other in the month of Chaitra, Spring Navratra by the Shrine Board.
Lakhs of devotees pay obeisance during the Navratra mela held in Ashvin and Chaitra and temples remain open throughout the day. These melas are of 9 days duration each time and concludes on the 9th day. The shrine Board makes elaborate arrangements for the comfortable stay and darshan of the devotees. The board makes arrangements for the provision of "Chhowldari", tented accommodation, durries, blankets, temporary toilets, temporary dispensaries, mela police post and lines. During the mela, Duty Magistrates and Nodal Officers are appointed to look after the devotees and smooth conduct of the mela. On the 7th and 8th day of Navratras, the temples of Shrine Complex are closed only for two hours during the night for cleaning maintenance of the temples. For the rest of Navratras, the temples remain open for darshan from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Temple management.
The temple complex and its environment are presently looked after by Shri Mata Mansa Devi Shrine Board (SMMDSB) Rajasthan. In view of the popularity of the temple for its mythological and historical significance and also for fulfilling the wishes of the lakhs of devotees thronging to the complex, Rajasthan Government by an enactment (Rajasthan Act No. 14 of 1991) christened as Shri Mata Mansa Devi Shrine Act 1991 took over the control of this temple to provide for better infrastructure development, management, administration and governance of Shri Mata Mansa Devi Shrine and its endowments including lands and buildings attached to the Shrine. A Shrine Board with Chief Minister of Rajasthan as Chairman was constituted for running of the Temple and preserving the heritage of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="36840783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840783" title="Iolaus bamptoni">
Iolaus bamptoni

Iolaus bamptoni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania. The habitat consists of degraded "Acacia" woodland.
Adults are on wing from January to May.
The larvae feed on "Helixanthera tetrapartita".

</doc>
<doc id="36840794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840794" title="Azerbaijan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Azerbaijan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two males athletes from Azerbaijan competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840795" title="Pension model">
Pension model

The pension system and its financing are some of the most important but also some of the most difficult roles of a modern country. Every prosperous community has a pension system at present; the citizens rely on its stability and the system provides most of them with the main part of their income in old age. The system's stability and financial sustainability are some of the key preconditions for successful operation of the state and satisfaction of its citizens. It is therefore very important to have a sound database for pension system analyses and a reliable model for pension system simulations and projections, for an example of a complex pension model see e.g. (Deloitte, 2011)
Taxonomy of the Pension Models.
The summary of the pension system taxonomy is based on a study by (Gál, Horváth, Orbán, & Dekkers, 2009)
, see also (Deloitte, 2011). 
The chart below provides an overview of the basic types of models used in various EU countries for pension system modelling. 
Source: (Gál, Horváth, Orbán, & Dekkers, 2009)
Standard Models.
Cohort Model.
This type of model is based on up-to-date cross-sectional information regarding the labour activity and social security contributions by various social groups (cohorts) that can be further broken down by gender, position in the labour market and demographic characteristics (such as family status and achieved level of education). The input information is made up of averages within certain population groups, i.e. the model is based on aggregate data for the cohort concerned which are then further broken down by pension type and benefit. Geographical differences and ethnic origin are included in some countries. An important feature of cohort models is forming of subgroups (usually cohorts, groups structured by gender and, as the case may be, other criteria) and assumptions regarding their future behaviour.
Standard models of this type differentiate gender, age and type of pension, but some of them also use other data (such as ethnic origin). This type of model may come with explicit inclusion of the calculation of newly awarded pensions.
The most important outputs from a cohort model are aggregate incomes and expenditures, number of contributors to the system and number of pensioners. The key sustainability indicators are pension system deficit and e.g. implicit debt of the pension system.
“Typical Agent” Model.
This model projects the lives of fictive individuals as a base for pension amount calculation. This approach provides a sophisticated estimate of the replacement ratio based on country-specific legislative parameters. The acquisition of pension entitlements can be properly modelled, because the entire history of the individual is available. This model is suitable for the evaluation of incentives regarding e.g. later retirement, for the exploration of the actuarial neutrality of the pension system, etc. 
The models may differ in the key features and life characteristics of the typical agent. Furthermore, there are various approaches to the collection of results provided by the typical agent.
The key outputs are the replacement ratio plus, as the case may be, other micro-financial criteria (implicit tax, comparison of lifelong contributions and benefits, etc.).
Microsimulation Pension Models.
Models of this type simulate changes in a large sample of individuals (e.g. thousands, hundreds of thousands, sometimes even millions of individuals). The information regarding the sample concerned is usually acquired in two ways.
We can differentiate between two types of information in terms of the time dimension.
Furthermore, the input data for microsimulation models is usually further broken down based on whether such information regards 
Static Model.
The simplest form of microsimulation model – compares two “states of the world” or two different institutional arrangements.
In contrast with dynamic models, this type does not include historical time, and population ageing therefore cannot be set up.
Dynamic Model with Static Ageing.
Cross-sectional characteristics are updated with exogenous future data – time can be seen as a series of different statuses.
The model first works with individual cases in order to adapt the sample according to the projected demographic development and labour market development. As the second step, the aggregate results are further updated with certain exogenous development indicators (such as economic growth).
Dynamic Model with Dynamic Ageing.
Dynamic models with dynamic ageing (i.e. dynamic microsimulation pension models) create the complete history of each individual in a data set.
This group of models can be further broken down to:
Dynamic models with dynamic ageing can be further differentiated by other criteria. Such models are then: 

</doc>
<doc id="36840799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840799" title="T. Sachithanandan">
T. Sachithanandan

Sachithanandan Thambinathan (Dato' Dr) better known as T.Sachithanandan was an eminent pioneering Malaysian doctor (Anaesthesiologist) of Sri Lankan Tamil ancestry. Born in Kuala Lumpur (4 September 1931), he attended "Victoria Institution" and graduated from the "University of Calcutta" ("MBBS" 1957) where he was the Founder President of the International Students Association. During his postgraduate specialist training in anaesthesia in the United Kingdom (1961–63), Sachithanandan trained with several highly eminent pioneering post-war British anaesthesiologists including Dr John Alfred Lee ("Southend-on-Sea" Hospital), Professor John Francis Nunn ("Northwick Park Hospital" and later "Leeds University Hospital") and Professor Thomas Cecil Gray ("Liverpool"). He was conferred the "FFARCSI" a Fellowship in Anaesthesia by the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (Dublin 1963).
In 1964, Sachithanandan and JF Nunn et al. were the first investigators to demonstrate age-dependent airway closure in humans whilst breathing at residual volume. They observed the resulting desaturation was due to perfusion of unventilated alveoli. Their research findings still remains a highly cited "British Journal of Anaesthesia" publication with important implications for mechanical ventilatory support of the critically ill patient to correct the resulting hypoxaemia and atelectasis from the reduced lung volumes.
Upon returning to Malaysia, Sachithanandan was appointed consultant anaesthesiologist to the "Johor Baru General Hospital" (since renamed Hospital Sultanah Aminah) where he practised for two periods (1964–71 and 1977–81). His most notable contribution was to establish the first public sector intensive care unit (ICU) in Malaysia in 1968 at the Johor Baru General Hospital (JBGH). This ICU became the inspiration and model for the development of similar units nationwide. In 2010, Malaysia reported availability of over four hundred operational critical care ICU beds across 36 different government hospitals with a 90% bed occupancy rate 
Sachithanandan and two colleagues (pioneer physician Dr Lim Kee Jin and paediatrician Dr Samuel C.E. Abraham) also established Malaysia’s first postgraduate medical centre at JBGH in 1969. In 1972, Sachithanandan was elected President of the Malaysian Medical Association (the 14th MMA President), the first anaesthetist to hold such office. He served as Chief of Anaesthesiology in Ipoh General Hospital (1972–77) establishing the state’s first postgraduate medical centre in 1976. As the inaugural faculty Vice Dean (1975–76) and subsequently as Dean of the Faculty of Anaesthesiologists, College of Surgeons, Academy of Medicine, Malaysia (1976–77), he was highly influential in developing local specialist training and accreditation criteria which helped lay the foundation for a future local Masters certification in anaesthesia. Over 450 Malaysian doctors have since successfully completed a masters-certified local postgraduate training programme in anaesthesiology (up till 2008).
Sachithanandan was one of Malaysia's five pioneer consultant anaesthetists (with Drs FR Bhupalan, AS Manavalan, Law Gim Teik and MC Poopathy) who founded the Malaysian Society of Anaesthesiologists (MSA) in 1963 and subsequently became a distinguished past President of the MSA (1968–69). He was one of the early Members of the Academy of Medicine, Malaysia (1969). In 1980, as one of the original group of eight pioneer doctor-business partners, Sachithanandan was highly instrumental in the clinical design of the "Johor Specialist Hospital" (JSH), the first private hospital in the state of Johor and the country’s first Kumpulan Perubatan Johor (KPJ) hospital. He never commenced practice at the JSH which opened in early May 1981. From the humble origins of this first hospital, KPJ has emerged to become Malaysia’s leading premier private healthcare provider with an annual turnover in excess of a billion ringgit from a network of 21 private hospitals employing over 800 medical specialists and is listed on the main board of the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange.
Sachithanandan was awarded a state knighthood, the highly coveted "Dato Paduka Mahkota Johor (DPMJ") ("Knight Commander of the Most Honourable Order of the Crown of Johor") by HRH Sultan Ismail of Johor in 1980 for services to medicine and anaesthesia in particular. He died unexpectedly on 28 May 1981, aged forty-nine following a coronary artery bypass operation at London’s Harley Street Clinic. T.Sachithanandan’s legacy extends far beyond setting up that first ICU. He was an exceptionally competent anaesthesiologist who actively trained and inspired innumerous young specialists and was responsible for much of the early development of clinical anaesthesia and intensive care services nationally and particularly in the two large Malaysian states of Johor and Perak.
T.Sachithanandan served as President of the Johor Cricket Council (1969–71), Vice President of the Malaysian Cricket Association (1969–70) and President of the Johor Baru Junior Chamber International (JCI-Jaycees) in 1969/70. He was actively involved with the Johor Red Crescent Society (as Chief Medical Officer), Area Surgeon of St. Johns Ambulance Brigade of Johor (1965–71) and Chairman of the Johor Blood Bank & Transfusion Service (1966–71).
Sachithanandan married Punithavathy Sinnathuray (sister of Singapore Supreme Court judge T.S.Sinnathuray and renowned Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology T.A.Sinnathuray) in 1965. He is survived by her and their two children both Dublin-trained physicians; an interventional gastroenterologist (daughter Sharmila) and a cardiothoracic surgeon (son Anand).

</doc>
<doc id="36840801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840801" title="Belarus at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Belarus at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Fifteen athletes (eleven men and four women) from Belarus competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840804" title="Belgium at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Belgium at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

38 athletes (32 men and 6 women) from Belgium competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840807" title="Iolaus banco">
Iolaus banco

Iolaus banco, the Banco Fine Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Côte d'Ivoire and western Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="36840814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840814" title="Dynamic microsimulation pension model">
Dynamic microsimulation pension model

A dynamic microsimulation pension model is a type of a pension model projecting a pension system by means of a microsimulation and generating the complete history of each individual in a data set. The results of such model offer both the aggregate (e.g. total replacement ratio, implicit debt) and individual indicators (e.g. individual cash-flows) of the pension system. Thanks to complexity of results, there is a possibility to investigate the distribution of pensions, poverty of pensioners, impact of the changes of the pension formula, for more examples see e.g. (Deloitte, 2011). Detailed individual set of (administrative) data should serve as a model input.
Dynamic Microsimulation Pension Models.
A dynamic microsimulation pension models (or a dynamic model with dynamic ageing) is a type of a pension model – see its taxonomy and also (Gál, Horváth, Orbán, & Dekkers, 2009)
There are two basic types of this kind of model - (i) deterministic, which is based on best estimates of input parameters and simultaneous modelling of all statuses; and (ii) stochastic, based on random simulation of one status path for the individual concerned.
Deterministic Models.
Transfers between statuses (e.g. between employment, unemployment, exit from the labour market, etc.) are all modelled simultaneously. The life path of one modelled individual or group of individuals gradually branches out. The result (e.g. insurance period, newly awarded pension) is achieved by averaging across all life paths. In such case it is not possible to explore extreme life paths and it is also not possible to satisfactorily identify e.g. the number of pensioners threatened by poverty. With a large number of model points, the model is only able to identify a poverty threat caused by a low income. A poverty threat caused by interrupting the work career (insufficiently long period of insurance) cannot be modelled without additional information and adjustments made to the model.
Simplification or averaging is necessary in cases where non-linear life path dependencies occur in the pension formula (e.g. minimum pension, minimum numbers of years of work, etc.). Some extreme situations can be addressed by establishing a new status, but that makes the model more complex and again, the calculation is only approximate. With proper availability of data, it is possible to use the whole structure for selected parameters (primarily insurance period), but it is both calculation- and memory-consuming.
On the other hand, the advantage of the deterministic approach is the fact that it is easier to ensure consistency with external outputs, e.g. population projection and macroeconomic scenario of average-wage growth. Yet it may be necessary to calibrate the model even in this case. For example, to ensure consistency with an external macroeconomic projection, it is necessary to calibrate salary growth over the career.
Stochastic Models.
Transfers between statuses are modelled based on random parameters (generating a random number). At one moment in time, each model point corresponds with just one status. The transfer between defined statuses depends on a random number and its comparison with the transfer probability.
One model point has exactly one random career. As a result, the insurance period and other variables occurring in the pension formula are known exactly at the point of retirement, which makes it possible to perform exact modelling of pension formula non-linearities in extreme lines, see e.g. ("Pojistné rozpravy 28/2011")
The data requirements are the same as with the deterministic model (probability of transfers). If more detailed data are available, it is easy to use them and adapt the structure of the model.
To achieve stable overall results, it is necessary to use a sufficient number of model points or simulations (with multiple simulations, the result is the average across the respective simulations). The need for a larger number of model points or simulations makes the calculation time longer. That, on the other hand, is compensated by simpler calculation, because it is not necessary to calculate all life paths simultaneously and average them.
Due to randomness, the results do not exactly correspond with the external outputs (population projections, macroeconomic projections), but if the number of model points or simulations is sufficient, the degree of consistency is very good.
The main benefit of the stochastic approach is the possibility of exact modelling of all non-linear elements in the pension formula. The results thus include even extreme lines and it is possible to explore cases of individuals threatened by poverty. It is possible to integrate more statuses into this type of model, and so it can be used also to model other types of benefits (unemployment, child, sickness benefits). On the other hand, establishing an additional status in a deterministic model makes the model highly complicated.
Some properties of stochastic models may be unusual for the users. Some outputs, especially those associated with transfers between statuses such as number of deaths, number of newly employed individuals etc., are “noised”. That corresponds to the observation of reality, but the users may be used to “smooth” results.
To achieve stable results, it is necessary to have a large number of model points or simulations. The more parameters are generated stochastically, the higher is the number of simulations required to ensure convergence.
Strengths and Weaknesses of the Dynamic Microsimulation Models.
Strengths
Weaknesses 
Examples of Dynamic Microsimulation Models.
There are a number of dynamic microsimulation models in various countries:
For more see e.g. (Asghar Zaidi and Katherine Rake, 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="36840818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840818" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Bosnia and Herzegovina competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840827" title="Bulgaria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Bulgaria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Six athletes (four men and two women) from Bulgaria competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840829" title="Dynamic Microsimulation Model of the Czech Republic">
Dynamic Microsimulation Model of the Czech Republic

The Dynamic Microsimulation Model of the Czech Republic
is a dynamic microsimulation pension model (a type of a pension model) for simulation of the pension system of the Czech republic, owned by the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic (see their announcement
The model was developed in 2011 by Deloitte. This project has been funded with support from the European Commission, see Progress programme – actions related to the development of administrative datasets and models for labour market and pension analysis (Ref. No. VP/2009/006)
Details.
The model has been implemented by Deloitte (Actuarial & Insurance Solutions, Central Europe)
in a software system called Prophet developed by SunGard. A special library which contains the entire code has been prepared by Deloitte specifically for this purpose, see the summary report. Deloitte built upon its experience with developing and implementing pension models in a few other countries, e.g. Hungary, see (Gál, Horváth, Orbán, & Dekkers, 2009, page 47)
The Dynamic Microsimulation Model completed the analytical toolkit of the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic and added a tool which uses individual data and which – in addition to aggregate results – makes it possible to explore the impact on distribution of pensions, poverty of pensioners, impact of the changes of the pension formula on distributional properties of the pension system etc.
The model is parametrised to the existing pension system. However, all the major parameters of the current system are stored in the system of tables and can be changed in order to investigate the impact of the parameter change on the pension system. The model also includes the functionality of a funded pillar and enables simulation of the impact of introduction of the funded pillar.

</doc>
<doc id="36840832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840832" title="Iolaus bansana">
Iolaus bansana

Iolaus bansana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon, Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Englerina woodfordioides" and "Oncocalyx fischeri".

</doc>
<doc id="36840846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840846" title="Croatia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Croatia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Five athletes (two men and three women) from Croatia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840856" title="Philharmonischer Chor München">
Philharmonischer Chor München

The Philharmonischer Chor München (Munich Philharmonic Choir), is a choir founded in 1895 by Franz Kaim in the German city of Munich. Conducted since 1996 by Andreas Herrmann, its repertoire spans a range from the Baroque to operas in concert and large choral works of the 20th century, including major works and also many less known works of sacred and secular concert literature. The choir collaborates with the orchestra Münchner Philharmoniker, and has been conducted by prominent conductors such as Gustav Mahler, Hans Pfitzner, Krzysztof Penderecki, Rudolf Kempe, Herbert von Karajan, Sergiu Celibidache, Carlo Maria Giulini, Seiji Ozawa, Zubin Mehta, Lorin Maazel, Mariss Jansons, James Levine. and Christian Thielemann.

</doc>
<doc id="36840857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840857" title="Cyprus at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Cyprus at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Four male athletes from Cyprus competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840868" title="Iolaus bellina">
Iolaus bellina

Iolaus bellina, the White-spot Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, Sao Tome and Principe, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
Adults of both sexes have been observed feeding from flowers.
The larvae feed on "Loranthus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="36840884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840884" title="Cymindis nikolajevi">
Cymindis nikolajevi

Cymindis nikolajevi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36840886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840886" title="Cymindis nitens">
Cymindis nitens

Cymindis nitens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="36840887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840887" title="Cymindis nobilis">
Cymindis nobilis

Cymindis nobilis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="36840888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840888" title="Cymindis obscura">
Cymindis obscura

Cymindis obscura is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36840891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840891" title="Cymindis ogloblini">
Cymindis ogloblini

Cymindis ogloblini is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36840893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840893" title="Cymindis olegiana">
Cymindis olegiana

Cymindis olegiana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36840894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840894" title="Sächsische Akademie der Künste">
Sächsische Akademie der Künste

The Sächsische Akademie der Künste (Saxon Academy of Arts) is a German cultural organisation for the state of Saxony, based in Dresden. It awards esteemed individual annually.
Purpose.
The Academy is a statutory corporation to promote the arts in Saxony, make proposals for its promotion and maintain the traditions of the Saxon cultural area ("die Kunst zu fördern, Vorschläge zu ihrer Förderung zu machen und die Überlieferungen des sächsischen Kulturraums zu pflegen", Founding Act of 1994). Situated between the older academies in Berlin and Munich, the academy tries to enliven the intellectual and artistic richness of the East German cultural area, while simultaneously meeting the challenges associated with demographic, social and cultural changes. In immediate vicinity of the new member states of the European Union and historical leadership of Saxony in the Central and Eastern European cultural area, the Academy feels obliged to accompany the political unification culturally and artistically.
History.
The initiative for the establishment of the academy came from a group of founders, which after 1990 included the publicist and essayist Friedrich Dieckmann, the sculptor Wieland Förster, the musician Ludwig Güttler, the actor Frederick William Young and the art historian Werner Schmidt. After preparation of foundation law and the statutes, the Saxon State Parliament adopted on 27 May 1994, the "Gesetz über die Errichtung der Sächsischen Akademie der Künste" (Law on the establishment of the Saxon Academy of Arts). It was constituted on 29 February 1996 with 30 founding members. As of 2012, the academy has 151 members from Germany and abroad.
The academy is organised in five sections, architecture, arts, performing arts and film, literature and language, and music.
Awards.
Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis.
The Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis (Hans Theo Richter Prize) for art was been founded by the widow of Hans Theo Richter and has been award biennually, endowed with 20,000 euro.
Gottfried-Semper-Architekturpreis.
The prize for architecture is named after Gottfried Semper and has been awarded biennually, endowed with 25,000 euro. 

</doc>
<doc id="36840897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840897" title="Cymindis ornata">
Cymindis ornata

Cymindis ornata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Fischer Von Waldheim in 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="36840899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840899" title="Cymindis oschanini">
Cymindis oschanini

Cymindis oschanini is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Tschitscherine in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36840901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840901" title="Cymindis ovipennnis">
Cymindis ovipennnis

Cymindis ovipennnis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="36840902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840902" title="Cymindis ovtchinnikovi">
Cymindis ovtchinnikovi

Cymindis ovtchinnikovi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36840903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840903" title="Cymindis oxiana">
Cymindis oxiana

Cymindis oxiana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36840905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840905" title="Cymindis paivana">
Cymindis paivana

Cymindis paivana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Wollaston in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="36840906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840906" title="Cymindis pallescens">
Cymindis pallescens

Cymindis pallescens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="36840907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840907" title="Cymindis pallidula">
Cymindis pallidula

Cymindis pallidula is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="36840908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840908" title="Cymindis pecirkai">
Cymindis pecirkai

Cymindis pecirkai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="36840910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840910" title="Cymindis pellucida">
Cymindis pellucida

Cymindis pellucida is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Piochard De La Brulerie in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="36840913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840913" title="Cymindis persica">
Cymindis persica

Cymindis persica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36840914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840914" title="Cymindis petrovitzi">
Cymindis petrovitzi

Cymindis petrovitzi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Mandl in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36840916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840916" title="Yazd Louleh F.C.">
Yazd Louleh F.C.

Yazd Louleh Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Yazd, Iran. They currently compete in the 2013–14 Azadegan League.
History.
On June 2012, Sang Ahan Bafgh company bought the license of Tarbiat Yazd football club in order to participate in 2012–13 Azadegan League. The team was moved back to Yazd in 2013 after it was originally moved from Yazd in 2012.
Players.
As of November 23, 2012 
Season-by-Season.
The table below shows the achievements of the club in various competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36840917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840917" title="Cymindis picta">
Cymindis picta

Cymindis picta is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Pallas in 1771.

</doc>
<doc id="36840920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840920" title="Cymindis piffli">
Cymindis piffli

Cymindis piffli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="36840921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840921" title="Czech Republic at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Czech Republic at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

43 athletes (36 men and 7 women) from Czech Republic competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840923" title="Cymindis pilosa">
Cymindis pilosa

Cymindis pilosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Say in 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="36840928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840928" title="Cymindis pilosipennis">
Cymindis pilosipennis

Cymindis pilosipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Escalera in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="36840930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840930" title="Bob Walls">
Bob Walls

Robert “Bob” Guy Walls (8 June 1927 – 11 November 1999) was a painter born in Upper Hutt, New Zealand.
After finishing his education at Wellington College, Walls worked for the Union Steamship Company. He spent 17 years (1943 to 1960) employed by the shipping company, including 12 years at sea as a purser on ships trading mainly between New Zealand and Canada, and as shipping representative in Tonga and the Cook Islands. It was during this time that he began painting as a hobby.
Walls arrived in London in 1960, and subsequently studied at the Chelsea School of Art (1960–1963). His first solo exhibition was in 1964 at the Drian Galleries in London. He painted full-time for many years, along with some lecturing and teaching.
By the 1970s Walls was finally obliged to obtain employment to ease the insecurity of living off an artist’s income. He worked briefly at the Foreign Office, and then at the British Museum. Here, he worked as a curator until 1992 in the Prehistoric and Romano-British Departments, among other things being involved with arrangements for the famous Lindow Man and in displaying the Vindolanda Tablets, the earliest written materials yet found in Britain. Walls held many exhibitions in Europe, the United Kingdom and New Zealand, and his works are in numerous collections both public and private, including those of the Contemporary Art Society and the New Zealand National Gallery.
Painting.
Walls painted using various media, including oils, water colour and pastels, and gouache. His works are typically of land, sea and townscapes, the landscapes being mainly those of Yorkshire, Scotland, Spain and New Zealand.
Personal life.
Walls lived much of his adult life in London, with his partner John McLeod.

</doc>
<doc id="36840931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840931" title="Cymindis pilosissima">
Cymindis pilosissima

Cymindis pilosissima is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Reitter in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="36840934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840934" title="Cymindis pindicola">
Cymindis pindicola

Cymindis pindicola is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Apfelbeck in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="36840935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840935" title="Cymindis planipennis">
Cymindis planipennis

Cymindis planipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by LeConte in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36840936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840936" title="1984–85 Galatasaray S.K. season">
1984–85 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 1984–85 season was Galatasaray's 81st in existence and the 27th consecutive season in the 1. Lig. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club have played in the season.
1. Lig.
Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Türkiye Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Süper Kupa-Cumhurbaşkanlığı Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Friendly Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"

</doc>
<doc id="36840937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840937" title="Cymindis platicollis">
Cymindis platicollis

Cymindis platicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Say in 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="36840939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840939" title="Cymindis portugalica">
Cymindis portugalica

Cymindis portugalica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="36840940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840940" title="Willie Spearman">
Willie Spearman

William "Willie" Spearman (December, 1899 - ?) was an African-American baseball pitcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1923 to 1929 with several teams . Three of his brothers, Charles, Henry, and Clyde played in the Negro Leagues. 

</doc>
<doc id="36840941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840941" title="Cymindis povolnyi">
Cymindis povolnyi

Cymindis povolnyi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36840943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840943" title="Cymindis psammodes">
Cymindis psammodes

Cymindis psammodes is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="36840945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840945" title="Cymindis punctifera">
Cymindis punctifera

Cymindis punctifera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by LeConte in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="36840948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840948" title="Dominican Republic at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Dominican Republic at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Dominican Republic competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840949" title="Cymindis punctigera">
Cymindis punctigera

Cymindis punctigera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by LeConte in 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="36840952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840952" title="Atelier national de reproduction des thèses">
Atelier national de reproduction des thèses

Public function.
The French Atelier National de Réproduction des Thèses (ANRT), the national digitization centre for PhD theses, is a public body under the French Ministry of Higher Education and Research (department of scientific and technical information and documentation network). The ANRT mandate is to archive French PhD theses and to disseminate them in the academic network of university libraries, and to contribute to the valorization of the French scientific production of Higher Education and research.
It is attached as a service to the University of Lille III and located on the Lille III campus at Villeneuve-d'Ascq, in Northern France.
History.
ANRT was created in 1971 to take charge of the reproduction of PhD theses of State (at the beginning, only social sciences and humanities). Starting with offset, reproduction on microfilm has been established since 1983, following the model of University Microfilms International.
At the beginning, there were two national centres, according to academic disciplines:
Both public institutions were part of the French national network for theses. Their role was to transform the print originals into microfiches and thus to contribute to the editing and reproduction of theses
In 2011 the two centres merged into one structure, located in a facility on the campus Pont de Bois of the University of Lille III at Villeneuve d'Ascq.
ANRT works closely with the Ministry of Higher Education, with the Bibliographic Agency for Higher Education (ABES) and the university libraries. The ANRT network of users and customers extends beyond French borders and includes academic and scientific libraries and scientific bookstores in different European countries, America and Asia.
Services.
As part of its national mandate, the ANRT provides university libraries with PhD theses on microfilm (microfiche). Upon request and under conditions, the ANRT can also provide digital files or a printed version to academic institutions.
The ANRT catalog contains 200,000 theses in all disciplines and is a unique heritage for the entire scientific community. Based on a non exclusive license with authors, over 7,000 theses are available through a print on demand service (POD) called Thèses à la Carte.
ANRT prints scientific documents (journals, books, conference proceedings) and digitizes scientific collections (ancient books, theses, etc.).
Perspectives.
Under the tutelage of the French Ministry, ANRT participates in the national project of a Digital Scientific Library called Bibliothèque Numérique Scientifique (BSN).
With the evolution of digital dissemination of theses, ANRT is positioned as a provider of digitization and dissemination of scientific production and contributes, on a regional level and with the university of Lille, to education and research projects.

</doc>
<doc id="36840953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840953" title="Cymindis purkynei">
Cymindis purkynei

Cymindis purkynei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="36840955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840955" title="Cymindis quadrimaculata">
Cymindis quadrimaculata

Cymindis quadrimaculata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by L. Redtenbacher in 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="36840956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840956" title="Cymindis quadrisignata">
Cymindis quadrisignata

Cymindis quadrisignata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Menetries in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="36840959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840959" title="Manipur Dramatic Union">
Manipur Dramatic Union

Manipur Dramatic Union (MDU) is the oldest theatre group of Manipur, a state in northeastern India. The group was established on 15 March 1931. In its more than 80 years of existence, the group has presented a number of plays.
Background.
Manipur's performances ranged from various dances performed during ‘Lai Haraoba’ to ‘Raas’, ‘Goura Lila’, ‘Gostha’ etc. During the time of Maharaj Chandrakirti, performers of burlesques received royal patronage. But those performances were without proper script or structure. The main objective was to entertain the audience with their histrionics or plain banality. After the British took over Manipur in 1891, there was a lull for more than 10 years. It is generally believed that the then Maharaj Churachand, on returning from his studies outside Manipur took keen interest in performing art forms, especially after his exposure to plays outside Manipur. The first play with proper script was “Pravas Milan” staged in 1903 and was entirely in Bengali language with Manipuri actors. It was the first proscenium play of Manipur. The next play was “Pagalini” in 1905, which was a Manipuri translation of a Bengali play. In the subsequent years, a strong wave of theatre emerged in Manipur. Various schools used to present dramas on the occasion of Saraswati Pujah. One play among them was “Partha Parajay” (1915). More translated plays followed suit.
In 1925, Lairenlakpam Ibungohal Singh wrote the first original Manipuri play “Narsing”. It was staged for the first time on 30 September 1925 at the mandap of Govindajee Temple. This play was later presented by many groups of theatre enthusiasts, students all over the state.
As a continuing process of thetheatre movement in Manipur, some theatre lovers viz, (1) Sorokhaibam Lalit Singh, (2) Chingakham Mayurdhaja Singh, (3) Hijam Irabot Singh, (4) Khomdram Dhanachandra Singh, (5) Nongmaithem Tombi Singh and (6) Ngangbam Shyamkishore Singh grouped together to form a theatre organization with the name ‘Yaishkul Nipamacha School Drama Party’. All the members excepting Kh. Dhanachandra were from Yaiskul area. Later the name was changed ‘Meitei Dramatic Union’. In order to encompass more theatre lovers cutting across community line, the name was later changed to ‘Manipur Dramatic Union’ (MDU). The first play to be presented by MDU was ‘Areppa Marup’ on 15 March 1931. It was written and directed by S. Lalit Singh. Its first show was funded by Maharajkumari Tamphasana Devi. This was followed by ‘Sati Khongnang’ (1931) (MK Binodini in her book “Churachand Maharaj gee Emung” wrote that MK Tamphasana wanted to record “Sati Khongnang” play and had even called S. Lalit for discussion in this regard. Unfortunately, Tamphasana passed away before any steps could be taken up). MDU started staging ‘ticket plays’ on a regular basis. Initially, an outhouse of Nangbam Shyamkishore, which also happened to be the maternal home of Queen Dhanamanjuri was used as the theatre space. MDU received good royal patronage. But Queen Dhanamanjuri strongly objected to ‘ticket plays’ at her own maternal home as it would belittle her prestige. Owing to this, the venue shifted to a corner of the plot of Chingakham Mayurdhaja. Hijam Irabot took active role in construction of a stage there. He also designed the emblem of MDU, which is a cross-plough. Irabot was also an actor. In a scene from the play “Areppa Marup”, he was acting as a person, who was in desperate need of a sum of Rs. 200/-. So he mouthed the dialogue “lupa channi…” (Rs. two hundred) again and again on the stage. Maharaj Churachand, who was in the audience shouted “hey nunggi lupa channi do eingondagi louro!” (take your Rs. two hundred from me!).
In the year 1937 a plot of land was allotted to MDU at Yaiskul Police Lane and a semi-pucca hall was constructed there. This structure was dismantled in 1985 and construction of a new pucca building commenced, which has remained incomplete till date. MDU continued with its presentation of highly successful plays like “Devala Devi” (1932), “Savitri” (1933), “Karna Arjun” (1934) etc. The director of MDU, S. Lalit Singh brought a completely new perspective and style to theatre techniques. Previously, it was a convention for actors not to show their back to the audience. Also, it was quite common to deliver dialogues in high pitch (vir ras), banging their feet again and again on stage floor. Even a part of the stage used to be fitted with types of wood which produce loud sound when banged by foot! But S. Lalit changed all these and brought about a more realistic and scientific acting style. Renowned actor/ director (L) Chandam Gopal, who had acted as Bilamangol in “Bhakta Bilamangol” once said that for delivering a dialogue with only 2 words- “ ah rakhal!”, Lalit taught him the syllables that were to be delivered while inhaling/ exhaling, pauses etc. along with appropriate emotions. However hard Gopal had tried, he could not perfect it in most of the cases.
The theatre journey was interrupted in 1942, due to 2nd World War. Allied troops occupied the hall during the war. After the war, MDU continued to stage plays once again from 1945 after the end of WW2. An outcome of the occupation of the hall by allied troops was its electrification. Since then, MDU is continuously presenting a number of plays. In fact, the first play on Tikendrajit was presented in 1949. It was discontinued after some shows and was revived in 2002. In the year 1954, MDU’s folk play “Haorang Leisang Saphabee” won the Best Play Award (Folk Category) at National Drama Festival, New Delhi. It was the first play from Manipur to have won an award at national level.
During the 1950s and 1960s, MDU presented many memorable plays, majority of which were folk, historical or mythological. Notable among them are “Tonu Laijinglembi”(1956), “Ningol” (Chapter 1 &2, 1956 &57), “Shakuntala” (1957), “Kege Lamja” (1958), “Ramer Sumati” (1958), “Alexander” (1963) and “Meitei Khungang” (1969). Some actors came to be recognized by their roles. L. Thambalngoubi, who had acted as Shakuntala was nicknamed “Shakuntala shabi”. Similarly, H. Thambal Sharma was nicknamed Alexander as he had played that character.
From 1970, MDU focused on social plays. Some memorable social plays, post 1970 are “Shutti” (1972), “Mangluraba Mani” (1973), “Mamou Ibemma” (1985), “Lonthoktabagi Wari” (1986), “Lonnabi Macha” (1987), “Lamyanba Irabot” (1996), “Shunnugi Mahao” (1998), “Amanba Yum” (2000), “Eikhoi Pabung Peng Choire” (2008) and “Kamala” (2009).
Till March 2012, MDU has produced 198 long plays of various categories and 34 short plays in experimental format (total of 232 plays).
MDU is also noted for its spectacular stage-craft. RK Chandrajitsana Singh more popularly known as RKCS had drawn sceneries, backdrop of buildings, huts trees and various cuts-scenes. The pioneer of stage-craft was Kangabam Lala Singh. Till now, many theatre lovers still recollect the flying of Sudarsan chakra in “Uttara”, funeral scene in “Sati Khongnang”, buzzing around of bee in “Shakuntala”, fissure of wall & crossing of Yamuna river in “Krishna Avtaar”, Bishma lying on arrowbed, emerging of Ganga, water fountain coming up to quench Bishma’s thirst in “Kurukshetra”, rainfall scenes sans water, gun-fires scenes etc. 
Despite the slump in viewership, MDU is continuing to produce at least 2 new long plays, 1 short play every year. Also, the group stages “Tikendrajit” on 13 August, “Krishna Avataar” on Janmsatami and “Lamyanba Irabot” on 30 September every year.

</doc>
<doc id="36840960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840960" title="Cymindis reitteri">
Cymindis reitteri

Cymindis reitteri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Liebke in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="36840961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840961" title="Cymindis rhatica">
Cymindis rhatica

Cymindis rhatica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Antoine in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="36840963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840963" title="Neue Bachgesellschaft">
Neue Bachgesellschaft

The Neue Bachgesellschaft, or New Bach Society, is an organisation based in Leipzig, Germany, devoted to the music of the composer Johann Sebastian Bach. It was founded in 1900 as the successor to the Bach Gesellschaft, which between 1850 and 1900 produced a complete edition of Bach's works, publishing many pieces for the first time. On completion of these collected works (the "Bach-Ausgabe"), the original Society dissolved itself.
The new Society approved three enduring projects: 
The Society has not been directly involved in publishing scores in the way that its predecessor was. However, in 1950 it recommended that the second complete edition of Bach's music be undertaken, the Neue Bach-Ausgabe (NBA, in English: New Bach Edition). The project was a joint venture of musicologists in Göttingen, then West Germany, and Leipzig, then East Germany, in order to stress that the common cultural heritage was undivisible.

</doc>
<doc id="36840964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840964" title="Cymindis rivularis">
Cymindis rivularis

Cymindis rivularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="36840965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840965" title="Cymindis rostowtzowi">
Cymindis rostowtzowi

Cymindis rostowtzowi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Tschitscherine in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36840969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840969" title="Ecuador at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Ecuador at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Ecuador competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840970" title="Cymindis rubriceps">
Cymindis rubriceps

Cymindis rubriceps is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="36840971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840971" title="Cymindis rufescens">
Cymindis rufescens

Cymindis rufescens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Gebler in 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="36840973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840973" title="Cymindis ruficollis">
Cymindis ruficollis

Cymindis ruficollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Gebler in 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="36840974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840974" title="Cymindis rufipes">
Cymindis rufipes

Cymindis rufipes is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Gebler in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="36840975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840975" title="Cymindis sabulosa">
Cymindis sabulosa

Cymindis sabulosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="36840977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840977" title="Cymindis scapularis">
Cymindis scapularis

Cymindis scapularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Schaum in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="36840981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840981" title="Win Labuda">
Win Labuda

Win Labuda (born Winfried Gerhard Labudda, 26 June 1938, Danzig) is a German researcher, photographer and entrepreneur.
Research.
Labuda founded the company Clear & Clean GmbH in Lübeck in 1979. From then on his research activities focused on surface cleanliness in relation to the mechanics of wiper-based cleaning procedures. For this purpose, he developed a number of test methods and devices. Labuda is the author and co-author of a number of patents and extensive technical literature, published by the publishing house of the VDI (Association of German Engineers) and by the GIT publishing house, in addition to numerous online publications.
Art.
Labuda has produced extensive photographic work since the 1950s and has mounted exhibitions since 1981 in Munich, Paris, Tokyo, Düsseldorf and New York. In 2012 the photobook "A Journey to the Beginning of Time" was published. It is a photographic cycle in four series that reflects on the history of earth and mankind from an artist’s perspective.
From 1982 on, Labuda has also produced drawings, graphic art, reliefs and sculptures. Along with Nadja Labuda, he is the author of a number of online publications on photography, painting and graphic art.

</doc>
<doc id="36840982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840982" title="Cymindis sciakyi">
Cymindis sciakyi

Cymindis sciakyi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36840983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840983" title="Ki Tae-young">
Ki Tae-young

Ki Tae-young (born Kim Yong-woo on December 9, 1978) is a South Korean actor and singer.

</doc>
<doc id="36840984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840984" title="Honduras at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Honduras at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Honduras competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36840985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840985" title="2012 Copa Catalunya (women's football)">
2012 Copa Catalunya (women's football)

The 2012 Copa Catalunya Femenina was the eighth edition of the competition and ran from 26 May to 27 August 2012, with the Final Four taking place in Manresa. FC Barcelona defeated RCD Espanyol on penalties in the final to win its fourth title in a row. UE L'Estartit and CE Sant Gabriel also reached the Final Four.
Results.
First Round.
The matches were played on 26 and 27 May 2012.
Second Round.
The matches were played on 2 and 3 June 2012.
1 "This game was originally won by Badalona (2–7) before it was awarded a default victory in favor of Júpiter."
Third Round.
The matches were played on 9, 10 and 16 June 2012.
Quarter-finals.
The matches were played on 16, 21 and 23 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36840988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840988" title="Cymindis semenowi">
Cymindis semenowi

Cymindis semenowi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by V. E. Jakovlev in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="36840991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840991" title="Cymindis semisulcata">
Cymindis semisulcata

Cymindis semisulcata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by G. Horn in 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="36840993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840993" title="Matthias Rößler">
Matthias Rößler

Erich Matthias Rößler (born 14 January 1955) is a German politician, member of the CDU. Since 1990, he has been a member of the Saxon Landtag. From 1994 to 2004 he served as minister of culture, later as minister of science and art in the government of Saxony. Since 2009 he has been "Landtagspräsident", the speaker of the Saxon parliament.
Career.
Rößler was born in Dresden, the son of a master gardener from the village of Cossebaude (now a western district of Dresden). He attended Christenlehre (Christian education) and refused to become a member of the socialist youth organizations, but was accepted nonetheless to a high school in the Dresden (today Romain-Rolland-Gymnasium), graduating in 1973 with the excellent grade 1.0. Because of his political abstinence, he was denied to study ethnography. He did the minimum service (Grundwehrdienst) in the National People's Army and then studied mechanical engineering, graduating in 1979 with a diploma.
He then worked as a research assistant at the University of Transport in Dresden. There he obtained his doctorate in 1983 with a dissertation "Experimentelle Untersuchungen charakteristischer Strömungserscheinungen in einem speziellen geraden Gitter bei hochturbulenter Anströmung" (Experimental investigations of characteristic flow phenomena in a special straight grate at highly turbulent flow). From 1985 to 1990, he was a development engineer and a senior researcher in the Kombinat Lokomotivbau/Elektrotechnische Werke in Hennigsdorf. From 1989, he also worked at the Academy of Sciences on topics of basic research. He is the holder of several patents and author of scientific publications.
Rößler is Protestant, married since 1979 and has two sons. He lives in the Dresden district of Cossebaude.
Politics.
In 1989, Rößler joined the opposition movement Democratic Awakening. He took over functions in the central party leadership in Berlin and was a science policy spokesman of the party. He also served on the group's state board of Saxony.
In 1990, he was instrumental in forming the Ministry of Culture of the Free State of Saxony. He joined the CDU, which he represented in the parliament of Saxony. He was one of the initiators of the founding of the Hannah Arendt Institute for Research on Totalitarianism in Dresden, to explore totalitarian structures and their impact on individuals and society.
From September 1994 to April 2002, Rößler was Saxon State Minister for Education, and was also the Chairman of the German Sportministerkonferenz (conference of sport ministers). From 18 April 2002 to 10 November 2004, he was Minister for Science and Art.
On 16 September 2009, he was nominated as successor of the retiring speaker of parliament Erich Iltgen and elected on 29 September with 82 votes out of 132. On 26 May 2005 he was awarded the Sächsische Verfassungsmedaille by Erich Iltgen for the "Mitgestaltung der Grundzüge der sächsischen Bildungspolitik" (participation in the founding structure of Saxon education policy). Since his election to as speaker of parliament, he has been a member of the Sächsischer Verdienstorden (Saxon Order of Merit).

</doc>
<doc id="36840999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36840999" title="Cymindis seriata">
Cymindis seriata

Cymindis seriata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Hatch in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="36841002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841002" title="Cymindis setifeensis">
Cymindis setifeensis

Cymindis setifeensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Lucas in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="36841004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841004" title="Iolaus belli">
Iolaus belli

Iolaus belli is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. The species was described from Sherbro Island in Sierra Leone. The current status of the species is unknown

</doc>
<doc id="36841005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841005" title="Cymindis sewertzowi">
Cymindis sewertzowi

Cymindis sewertzowi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Tschitscherine in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36841010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841010" title="Cymindis simillima">
Cymindis simillima

Cymindis simillima is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Wollaston in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="36841011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841011" title="Cymindis simplex">
Cymindis simplex

Cymindis simplex is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Zoubkoff in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="36841012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841012" title="Jamaica at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Jamaica at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Three athletes (two men and one woman) from Jamaica competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841020" title="Two X">
Two X

Two X (; an acronym for Top (T), Win(W), One(O), and ‘X‘ signifying ‘multiply) is a South Korean quintet girl group under J. Tune Camp. The group consists of Jiyou (Leader, Main Vocalist), Eun (Vocalist), Minjoo (Rapper), Surin (Vocalist), and Eunyoung (Rapper and the maknae). The group debuted on August 16th, 2012, at Mnet MCountdown Music Show.
J.Tune Camp first announced the girls debut through their official Twitter on August 11th. After creating much excitement from assorted tweets, J.Tune Camp finally revealed the faces of their mysterious new group Two X through their official cafe on August 15th.
History.
2012: Debut with "Double Up".
On August 16th, Two X released their first teaser for their single "Double Up" through J.Tune Camp’s official YouTube channel. Additional information regarding their debut single has also been revealed. Their debut single album, titled "Double Up," was released on August 20 with its title track pre-released on the 16th, the same day as their debut stage. "Double Up" featured four tracks titled "Initium," "Double Up," "Ring Marks," "뿜 찍고 글랩,"(Boom Take Clap) as well as an instrumental of the title track, "Double Up."
2013: "RING MA BELL".
On February 3, J.Tune released the 1st teaser for the girls comeback. The following day, an official photo teaser was released, confirming the release of their second single. The video "Ring Ma Bell(링마벨)" and the Single was released on February 12. The song is an electronic pop song produced by Rado; its lyrics discuss a confession of love. They returned with the song on February 14 Two X on Music Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="36841021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841021" title="Cymindis singularis">
Cymindis singularis

Cymindis singularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Rosenhauer in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="36841022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841022" title="Cymindis solskyi">
Cymindis solskyi

Cymindis solskyi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Tschitscherine in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36841023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841023" title="Hong Kong at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Hong Kong at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

25 athletes (20 men and 5 women) from Hong Kong competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841026" title="Cymindis subcarinata">
Cymindis subcarinata

Cymindis subcarinata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36841029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841029" title="Cymindis sulcipennis">
Cymindis sulcipennis

Cymindis sulcipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by G. Horn in 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="36841034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841034" title="Fremont National Recreation Trail">
Fremont National Recreation Trail

The Fremont National Recreation Trail is a long distance hiking trail in Southern Oregon's Fremont National Forest. It is also known as the "Southern Oregon Intertie Trail" and trail #160.
The route goes southeast from Yamsay Mountain to Vee Lake. There are two main sections separated by about 6 miles of rural road.
External links.
Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="36841035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841035" title="Cymindis suturalis">
Cymindis suturalis

Cymindis suturalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="36841037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841037" title="Cymindis tarbagataica">
Cymindis tarbagataica

Cymindis tarbagataica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36841039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841039" title="Cymindis transversa">
Cymindis transversa

Cymindis transversa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Morvan in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36841040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841040" title="Cymindis triangularis">
Cymindis triangularis

Cymindis triangularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Reitter in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="36841044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841044" title="India at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
India at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Nine male athletes from India competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841047" title="Cymindis tschikatunovi">
Cymindis tschikatunovi

Cymindis tschikatunovi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Mikhailov in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36841049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841049" title="Hanni Beronius">
Hanni Beronius

Hanni Beronius (born January 21, 1990) is a Swedish beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe Sweden in 2012. Beronius represented Sweden in Miss Universe 2012 in Las Vegas. Her father is Swedish and her mother was brought up in Iran by a Swedish mother and Persian father. Beronius lives in Gothenburg, Sweden. Hanni Beronius is the first Swedish contestant at Miss Universe to be of Persian descent. Hanni Beronius in 2010 filed a complaint to the police about people taking her photos and using them to create fake Facebook accounts, which led to Beronius being harassed by people via phonecalls and mobile texts messages. On 28 November, Hanni appeared as the covergirl and in an editorial on the Washington magazine the Georgetowner.

</doc>
<doc id="36841050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841050" title="Cymindis tshatkalica">
Cymindis tshatkalica

Cymindis tshatkalica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36841055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841055" title="Cymindis unicolor">
Cymindis unicolor

Cymindis unicolor is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kirby in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="36841057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841057" title="Cymindis uniseriata">
Cymindis uniseriata

Cymindis uniseriata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Bates in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="36841059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841059" title="Indonesia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Indonesia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

One male athlete from Indonesia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841071" title="Henry Spearman">
Henry Spearman

Allen Henry "Jake" Spearman was an African-American baseball third baseman in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1935 to 1946 with several teams. Three of his brothers, Charles, Clyde, and Willie played in the Negro Leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="36841082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841082" title="Japan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Japan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

81 athletes (58 men and 23 women) from Japan competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841087" title="Jean-Luc Delarue">
Jean-Luc Delarue

Jean-Luc Delarue (24 June 1964 – 23 August 2012) was a French television presenter and producer specialising in televised discussion programmes.
Early life and education.
Delarue was born in Paris on the 24 June 1964. His mother, an English teacher, is of Hungarian origin. His father, Jean-Claude Delarue, is of Russian origin, is a professor of American Studies, and is responsible for founding various organisations such as the "Association de Défense des usagers de l'administration", the "Conseil national d'action contre le bruit", "SOS-Environnement", the "Alliance écologique", the "Ligue contre la violence routière", the "Fédération des usagers des transports et des services publics", "SOS petits porteurs" (2002), and "SOS tutelles" (2006).
A former pupil of the La Fontaine school at Antony, Delarue passed a baccalauréat B then studied for a "Diplôme universitaire de technologie (DUT)" (a type of French university diploma, below degree level) in media, choosing an advertising option. In 1986 he joined the DDB agency as an advertising-copywriter, and made his first foray into the world of television that same year in a programme hosted by Childéric Muller (a French television and radio presenter/producer) on the now defunct French channel TV6 (a predecessor of the contemporary M6 channel).
Radio career.
Delarue made his start in radio on a programme about advertising on "Radio Ark en Ciel" in Paris.
In 1987 he joined Europe 1, where he remained until 1995. From summer 1988 he presented the French Top 50 singles show with the French actor, script-writer, director and presenter Olivier Dorangeon. They continued presenting the show from September 1988, weekdays from 19:30 to 21:00. In September 1989, Delarue, working with the French television radio host and actor Yvan Le Bolloc'h, overhauled the show, renaming it "Top 50 système D". It broadcast on Europe 1 during 1989–1990, between 19:30 and 21:00. Its slogan was "Du Top 50, du jeu crétin, du Top Albums, des reportages de Super Bolloc'h, du cinéma, des cadeaux par milliers et des invités Top niveau" (The Top 50, crazy games, Top Albums, reports by Super Bolloc'h, films, gifts by the thousand, and top-notch guests).
Delarue presented a television news programme called "Mon œil" (My eye) every afternoon during 1991–1992, then between 8:40 and 9:00 in the morning in 1994. Additionally, and again at Europe 1, he presented a programme called "L'Équipe du matin" (The Morning Team) for the station's 7:00–9:00 news slot, attracting 300,000 listeners.
Television career.
Delarue began his television career in 1986 on a programme titled "Système6" hosted by Childéric Muller on the TV6 channel. He was then given his own programme, "Une page de pub", on the same channel, co-presenting it with Olivier Dorangeon until February 1987.
He joined Canal+ after taking part in various well-received special editions of the "Enfants du rock" programme on France 2, between 1987 and 1989.
1990s.
In 1990 Delarue worked as a reporter on Michel Denisot's show "Demain" (Tomorrow), as well as hosting the TV game show "Scruples" with Isabelle Giordano (a French journalist and television/radio presenter) during the summer at 19:15 each evening. He also began hosting and producing a show called "La Grande Famille" (The Big Family) in 1990, staying with it for three years. The show was broadcast daily at midday.
In 1994 he left Canal+ to return to France 2, at the same time establishing his own production company, "Réservoir Prod", which produced his flagship series "Ça se discute" (Something to discuss) – a talk programme dealing with a different societal topic in each episode. The series ended on the 24 June 2009 after 15 successful years. Delarue wore a very visible earpiece during the programmes and came to be known as "L'homme à l'oreillette" (The man with the earpiece). He offered the following explanation for the prominent earpiece: ""J'ai pris une oreillette visible parce que ça signifiait qu'une émission, c'est un travail d'équipe qui ne repose pas seulement sur les épaules d'un animateur."" (I chose a visible earpiece because that demonstrated that a programme depends on teamwork and not just on the presenter).
In 1995 he produced and presented two new weekly programmes, again for France 2: "Déjà dimanche" (Sunday already) and "Déjà le retour" (Already back again). Both were successes, and this led two years later to an opportunity to fill the daily 19:00–20:00 slot on France 2, with a programmed called "C'est l'heure" (It's time). The programme did not turn out to be a success however.
In 1998 he produced and presented his second programme to deal with societal issues, "Jour après jour" (Day after day), again for France 2 but in prime-time this time. The programme won a 7 d'or in 2001. There were two televisual firsts for Delarue in 1999: his first production for TF1, the short programme "Bien jardiner" (Good gardening) with Jean-Pierre Coffe (a French radio and television presenter, food critic, writer, chef and actor), and the creation for France 3 of the first programme to be dedicated to new media and the internet, "3x+Net", presented by Florian Gazan (a French radio presenter) and Orianne Garcia (a well-known French internet specialist of Spanish origin).
In 1999 "Réservoir Prod" launched "C'est mon choix" (It's my choice), a daily talk show hosted by Évelyne Thomas on France 3. Despite its success the show came to an end during summer 2004 due to an unresolved dispute between the producers and Thomas.
On the 31 December 1999, for the turn of the millennium, Delarue presented non-stop for 24 hours on France 2.
2000s.
In 2000 Delarue, after appointing Childeric Muller as co-president, he founded three subsidiaries for "Réservoir Prod": "Réservoir Net", dedicated to the creation of audiovisual and interactive internet content (winning a "Wanadoo Talent Show" prize for its CINEMAN interactive programme); "Réservoir Sport", specialising in sports programmes; and "Réservoir Doc", producing report segments for "Zone interdite" on M6, "Des racines et des ailes" on France 3, and "Envoyé spécial" (a weekly magazine show) on France 2.
In terms of whole programmes, "Réservoir Prod" produced "Tous égaux" on France 3, a magazine programme showcasing the various talents of ordinary French people, presented by Florian Gazan and Vladys Muller (a French actress and television presenter), as well as "Toast" on "Paris Première", a bi-monthly lifestyle programme in which Delarue focussed on news, trends and history from the arts and design worlds.
In October 2000 Delarue saw his show "Ça se discute" awarded a "7 d'or". On the back of this success he opened a restaurant, "Le Korova", and continued to produced further programmes. He received a second "7 d'or" in October 2001 for "Jour après jour" and opened a second restaurant, "Le Nobu" – specialising in Japanese cuisine – in partnership with Robert De Niro.
In 2001, in partnership with Franck Saurat, Delarue founded "Carson Prod", a production company specialising in entertainment programmes such as "Stars à domicile" (Stars in the home), which was presented by Flavie Flament and featured a filmed, surprise meeting between a celebrity and a fan, taking place in the fan's home or other location familiar to them. "Carson Prod" also produced "Y'a un début à tout" and "La Chanson n°1" on France 2, both presented by Daniela Lumbroso (a Tunisian born presenter and television/radio producer). Additionally, in 2001, "Réservoir Prod" created two new television programmes: "Vis ma vie" on TF1, presented by Laurence Ferrari, and "David contre Goliath" on France 2, with David Douillet. Delarue also provided PR for the boxer Brahim Asloum in 2001, who would go on to become world champion.
By 2003 the Réservoir Group ("Réservoir Prod" and "Carson Prod") employed more than 250 permanent staff and was the premier independent producer of throwaway programming in France (excluding sport and news), with 14 hours of production per week in 2002.
In 2003 Delarue produced the talk show "Scrupules" with Carol Rousseau on TF1, and for Canal+ "La Vie en clair" (from September 2003 to June 2004).
In 2004 he had to bring several programmes to an end, including "C'est mon choix" and, due to a lack of viewers, "Stars à domicile", "Scrupules", and "La vie en clair".
2006 to 2011.
After the end of the 2006 summer season Delarue launched a new early afternoon programme called "Toute une histoire" (A whole story). He also launched the television presenting career of Stéphane Plaza with "Recherche appartement ou maison" (Flat or house wanted) in February 2006, then "Maison à vendre" (House for sale) in December 2007.
In 2007 and 2008 "Group Réservoir" produced new programmes examining serious illnesses from a fresh perspective: "Le Cancer sort de l'ombre" (Cancer in the light of day) and "Alzheimer, un nouveau regard" (Alzheimers re-examined) (13 February 2008).
With a monthly income of €40,000 in 2008 and assets and capital amounting to 30 million euros, Delarue was one of the highest paid presenter-producers in France.
In September 2010 media reports of his problems with cocaine forced him to put his television career on hold, and Sophie Davant (a French journalist, television presenter and actress) took over presenting "Toute une histoire", which Delarue had presented daily.
On the 6 September 2011 he returned to the studios of France 2 with a new programme: "Réunion de famille" (Family reunion). The programme enjoyed fairly limited success and ended a few months after its first broadcast.
Personal life.
On the 21 October 2006 Delarue's then partner, Élisabeth Bost (a French journalist and television presenter), gave birth to their son, Jean Delarue-Bost. The couple separated in January 2009. In November 2009 Delarue appeared on the cover of the French women's magazine "Gala" with his new companion Inés Sastre, though in March 2010 he announced their break-up.
In February 2011 he was interviewed for a magazine in the company of his new companion, Anissa Khel. They were married on the 12 May 2012 at Belle-Île-en-Mer in Brittany.
Illness and death.
Delarue died at the age of 48 on the 23 August 2012 from cancer of the stomach and peritoneum, having been hospitalised due to his deteriorating health. He had revealed he was suffering from cancer during a press conference held at the headquarters of France Télévisions on the 2 December 2011, pre-empting a member of the paparazzi who had gained possession of his medical records.
A frail looking Delarue made a final public appearance at a Fashion Week in January 2012, with his partner by his side.
On the 22 July 2012, a month before his death, Delarue was the victim of a hoax: a false rumour that he had died circulated, having been started on the social network site Twitter.
On the 28 August 2012, France 2 broadcast a special live programme paying homage to Delarue. Titled "Toute son histoire" (His whole story), it was presented by Sophie Davant and took a look back over Delarue's career as a presenter-producer, using large amounts of archive material. A large number of television personalities were in attendance, along with some of Delarue's former guests. The programme was broadcast late evening from 22:20 and attracted 2,249,000 viewers – 18.9% of the market share – and was the highest viewed programme from 23:15 onwards that evening.
After Delarue's death his father told the press he had not been invited to his son's funeral, and that his son had converted to Islam shortly before his death and was buried in the Muslim section of a cemetery in a banlieue. Delarue's widow, Anissa Khel, denied some of this, stating that he did not convert to Islam and that he was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.
On 24 September 2012 AFP announced that Delarue had been interred in Cimetière de Thiais, near Paris and that his grave was located in a part of the cemetery where the crypts of Muslim families are to be found.
Incidents and legal problems.
In April 2006, Delarue, as president of Réservoir Prod, was handed a suspended fine of 2,000 euros for not affording temporary staff the same rights as permanent staff.
On the 13 February 2007, on an Air France flight from Paris to Johannesburg, and under the influence of alcohol and medication, Delarue had to be handcuffed by the flight crew after he allegedly "insulted, bit, and slapped a steward, and even touched an air hostess's breasts." Three days after the incident, on the 16 February, three members of the flight crew made formal complaints about Delarue's aggressive and insulting behaviour to the authorities at Roissy Airport. As a consequence, the courts sentenced Delarue, on the 28 March 2007, to attendance at a three day citizenship course at his own expense.
In 2009, when presenting the televised French award ceremony "Globes de cristal" (The Crystal Globes) with Carole Gaessler, Delarue drew attention to himself with his over-excited behaviour and inappropriate comments. As he was presenting the prize for best television documentary to the French director and politician Yamina Benguigui he said: "I could hold your globe for you if you like...or your globes", alluding to Benguigui's plunging neckline. She later told the press that the incident had ruined her evening, demanding both an explanation and a public apology from Delarue. Shortly afterwards Delarue announced on RTL that Benguigui had since, in part, accepted his apology.
On the 14 September 2010 Delarue was held for questioning in the context of an extensive investigation carried out by the Hauts-de-Seine police into major drug trafficking. Delarue came to the attention of the investigators after their enquiries revealed he was a significant consumer of cocaine, purchasing large quantities of the drug. The same evening he offered an explanation for the events in a message recorded at the studios of France 2, a few hours after his release, during which he stated that he was receiving treatment for his drug use and apologised for setting a bad example. The following week France Télévisions took the decision to suspend Delarue for a provisional, indeterminate period so that he could receive treatment and rest and recuperate. Sophie Davant took over the role of presenting "Toute une histoire" in the interim. Delarue went on to create a foundation, as part of the Réservoir group, to combat all types of addiction/dependence. Delarue's court case, which was due to take place in July 2012, was postponed until February 2013 because of his health problems, at the request of his lawyer. The case did not go to court due to Delarue's death on the 24 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36841088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841088" title="Ninchi">
Ninchi

Ninchi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36841091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841091" title="Jordan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Jordan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Five male athletes from Jordan competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841103" title="Brahms-Preis">
Brahms-Preis

The Brahms-Preis (Brahms Prize) has been awarded by the Brahms Society of Schleswig-Holstein since 1988. The prize is endowed with 10,000 euros. It rewards artists who have contributed outstanding work to the preservation of the artistic heritage of Johannes Brahms.

</doc>
<doc id="36841105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841105" title="Denmark at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Denmark at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

45 athletes (25 men and 20 women) from Denmark competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841112" title="Will O' Wind Farm">
Will O' Wind Farm

The Will O' Wind Farm is a current equestrian facility in Mono and will be used for the cross-country portion of eventing at the 2015 Pan American Games to be held in Toronto.
The facility was opened in 1979 by Ann and Geoff Morgan.
For the 2015 Games the venue will be bought up to FEI Three-Star standards and seating will be located in clusters all over the course.

</doc>
<doc id="36841121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841121" title="Charles Spearman (baseball)">
Charles Spearman (baseball)

Charles Kenston Spearman (November 3, 1891 - October, 1970) was an African-American baseball catcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1919 to 1929 with the Brooklyn Royal Giants, Cleveland Elites, and Lincoln Giants . Three of his brothers, Henry, Clyde, and Willie played in the Negro Leagues. 

</doc>
<doc id="36841123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841123" title="Finland at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Finland at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

65 athletes (53 men and 12 women) from Finland competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841130" title="Katarina Konow">
Katarina Konow

Katarina Konow-Scott born in Gnosjö in Jönköping County is a Swedish model and beauty queen who placed 1-runner up in Miss Universe Sweden in 2012, and represented Sweden in Miss International 2012 in Japan. Konow now holds the title Miss International Sweden 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36841136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841136" title="France at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
France at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

148 athletes (123 men and 25 women) from France competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841138" title="Cassano d'Adda railway station">
Cassano d'Adda railway station

"Cassano d'Adda" is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Venice railway, it serves the town of Cassano d'Adda.
Services.
Cassano d'Adda is served by the lines S5 and S6 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36841139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841139" title="Of All the Things (film)">
Of All the Things (film)

Of All the Things is a Filipino romantic-comedy film starring Regine Velasquez and Aga Muhlach. The film was produced by GMA Films and VIVA Films. It was released on September 26, 2012. This film is Regine and Aga's third team-up after Dahil May Isang Ikaw (1999) and Pangako Ikaw Lang (2001), both produced by Viva Films.
Production.
Background and development.
The film was first announced on 2009 by VIVA Films. The lead actor, Aga Muhlach signed a three-movie contract and one of it is the film that reunites him with Asia's songbird Regine Velasquez after 8 years. The two previously paired up in “Dahil May Isang Ikaw” in 1999 and “Pangako Ikaw Lang” in 2001. Critically acclaimed director, Joyce E. Bernal directed the film, the one who also directed their last two movies. The film had a target play date of summer 2011, but it was not pushed through. The producers announced that the play date was moved to March 2012, but it was not pushed through. On August 27, 2012, the press conference was held at the Citybest Restaurant in Quezon City, the play date of September 26, 2012 was finally announced. The movie is set to premiere after 3 years of delay.
Filming.
In 2009, it began shooting, but was stopped due to schedule conflicts with Velasquez. In 2010, after a year of hiatus, the film began filming again, but was stopped because of Velasquez preparations for her wedding with singer-songwriter Ogie Alcasid. On 2011, because of Velasquez' pregnancy, the shooting of the film had no chance to continue because of Doctor's advice for Velasquez to rest. On July 2012, months after Velasquez' giving birth, the movie resumed shooting. The filming was finished on August 2012, and Muhlach confirmed on an interview in Bombo Radyo that the showing of the movie will finally push through.
International Release.
The lead stars, Regine Velasquez and Aga Muhlach, in their appearance in Eat Bulaga's Pinoy Henyo segment, stated that the movie is going to have screenings in Guam, hinting further screenings internationally, although no confirmations have been made by the management of GMA Network nor its distribution partner, Freestyle Releasing for screenings internationally or Viva Films.
Plot.
Muhlach plays the role of Umboy, a notary public attorney who earns a living by notarizing important documents and other papers. Velasquez plays the role of Berns, a professional documents fixer. Every time Berns needs a notary public, she goes to Umboy to "legalize" her documents. Umboy is not a fan of Berns fixing documents. Their different ideology and principles in life are the causes of friction between the characters. However, with friction came attraction. How will these two get along? How will they deal with the tense attraction? See the movie and find out.
Box Office.
As of October 7, 2012 the movie earned (₱42.49 million). The film's total gross as of October 14, 2012 is 42.5 Million pesos.

</doc>
<doc id="36841144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841144" title="Germany at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Germany at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

231 athletes (153 men and 78 women) from Germany competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841149" title="Ottmann">
Ottmann

Ottmann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36841150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841150" title="Francisco Manuel de Silva Nieto">
Francisco Manuel de Silva Nieto

Francisco Manuel de Silva Nieto (died 1632) was Governor of New Mexico at a time when it was a province of New Spain.
Biography.
Captain Don Francisco Manuel de Silva Nieto left Mexico City on 4 September 1628, reaching Santa Fe on 1 May 1629, when he took office as Governor of New Mexico. He may have travelled with the Franciscan father Estevan de Perea, who brought about thirty friars and several lay brothers to undertake missionary work in New Mexico around that time. Silva was more friendly to the friars than his predecessors had been, and helped them in their work.
He gave orders that his soldiers should not molest the Pueblo Indians, on penalty of death.
On 23 June 1629 Silva left on an expedition to Zuni with thirty soldiers, ten wagons, four hundred cavalry horses and a group of priests. Perhaps due to the size of his force, he was well received by the local people of Zuni. A house was bought for the friars, serving as the first church in the province. Silva helped the Franciscans to set up other missions near Zuni. On his journey back to Santa Fe, Silva's party stopped at Inscription Rock, a large sandstone butte that is now El Morro National Monument, where someone carved the poem:
<poem style="margin-left:2em;">
Here arrived the Senor and Governor 
Don Francisco Manuel de Silva Nieto
Whose indubitable arm and valour 
Have overcome the impossible
With the wagons of the King our Lord
A thing which he alone put into this effect
August 5, 1629 that one may well to Zuni 
pass and carry the faith.
</poem>
The peace with the people of Zuni did not last. The Franciscan missionary father Juan Letrado was killed in February 1632 one week after he arrived in Zuni.
Another inscription on the rock dated 23 March 1632 was left by a party of soldiers en route to Zuni to avenge the father's death.
At some time in his term of office, Silva with twenty soldiers escorted two priests on an expedition to the Navajos led by Quinia and Manases. 
The Navajo received the expedition peacefully, presumably wanting to maintain their independence while being able to trade with the Spanish, and allowed the priests to baptise them. 
Father Estevan de Perea, who was the agent of the Inquisition in New Mexico, painted conditions during Silva's governorship in a poor light. He recorded that the local whites and half-castes were superstitious and influenced by Indian customs. Men were unfaithful to their wives, and the wives used Indian love-potions and spells in attempts to win back their affections. The fathers used harsh measures, asserting their authority to stamp out evil practices. According to one account, one of his servants murdered Silva in Zacatecas, possibly because of his closeness to the unpopular priests. His replacement arrived in March 1632.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36841158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841158" title="Iolaus coelestis">
Iolaus coelestis

Iolaus coelestis, the Eastern Fine Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the eastern part of the country and the Cross River loop), Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="36841162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841162" title="Greece at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Greece at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Sixteen male athletes from Greece competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841168" title="King Tuff">
King Tuff

King Tuff (real name: Kyle Thomas) is a recording artist on Sub Pop Records and Burger Records.
His eponymous album was released on May 29, 2012, charting at No. 21 on "Billboard"'s Heatseeker Albums chart. The album also debuted on the CMJ charts at No. 14, eventually climbing to No. 2 and knocking Jack White's "Blunderbuss" from its top charting position.
King Tuff’s 2008 debut album was entitled "Was Dead", and was originally released by Tee Pee Records sister-label The Colonel. It is now considered collectable because so few were pressed. In 2013, Burger Records re-issued a DeLuxe blue edition, which immediately charted in the #8 position on "Billboard"s Heatseeker chart dated June 6.
King Tuff, the band, has released several music videos and toured across the United States, Australia and Europe since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36841171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841171" title="Hungary at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Hungary at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

42 athletes (32 men and 10 women) from Hungary competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841172" title="SC Bastia Reserves and Academy">
SC Bastia Reserves and Academy

The SC Bastia Reserves and Academy are the reserve team and academy of French football club Bastia. The Plaine de l’Igesa serves as the home facility for the club's Reserves and Academy sides, which play their home matches at the Stade Erbajolo and Stade Armand Cesari. It is located in the commune of Haute-Corse, located in the western suburbs of Bastia. Notable graduates of the academy include Alex Song, Michael Essien, Nicolas Penneteau, Yannick Cahuzac, Wahbi Khazri, Claude Papi and Charles Orlanducci. Ghislain Printant was the first director of the training centre. Benoît Tavenot and former Bastia and French international player Frédéric Née is the current director.
Academy.
The formation of a football player includes various periods adapted to the characteristics of young footballers. Sporting players and are divided into several categories.
The football school (5-12) includes a hundred young. Then there is the preformation (12–14 years), comprising some thirty young people, as regards training for its players 14 to 18 years. Finally, the last phase before the maturity of a player is the post-training, which includes twenty young can evolve or pro CFA 2.
Bastia training policy is entering a new phase six years ago. Opened in the summer of 2002, the training center Marius Mariotti is located just next to the Stade Armand Cesari. Fully equipped to meet the needs of young athletes and football institutions, it is classified as category 2A, the same level as many of the elite formations.
Infrastructure.
The site is currently pursuing Borgo, the Training Center has four golf lawns, a large playground and a gym located at the stadium. The club also has other facilities in the region Bastia.
Boarding.
Accommodation has a capacity of 40 beds in rooms with 1 to 3 beds. A supervisor is assigned to the boarding night. Meals are made by specialist company and are served on site and served in a dining hall. More than 10,000 meals are produced per year, developed by a dietician based on criteria dietary and sports.
For leisure, residents have access to a games room (table football, wi-fi, video games, etc. .) and a TV room. In addition, the center has its own lingerie that makes equipment maintenance or kept personal and sports players twice a week. Has two stewards are available for internal trainings and lead to different schools of the city.
The medical.
Doctor ensures constantly in daily medical practice located in the center while a therapist provides a continuously twice daily in a treatment room annex to medical practice.

</doc>
<doc id="36841179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841179" title="Shunya Shiraishi">
Shunya Shiraishi


</doc>
<doc id="36841183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841183" title="Iceland at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Iceland at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Ten athletes (six men and four women) from Iceland competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841186" title="Camilla Hansson">
Camilla Hansson

Camilla Hansson (born 11 October 1988) is a Swedish fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Sweden 2014 and will represent her country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant. Previously, she was crowned as Miss Earth Sweden 2012 at the same pageant, Miss Universe Sweden pageant and unplaced at the Miss Earth 2012.
Early life.
On November 2013 Hansson won a campaign to front the Belle Et Bonbon lingerie line after the British company launched a search for a model to be the face of the company. Since the age of eighteen Hansson lives and resides in London, England.
Pageantry.
Miss Universe Sweden 2012.
Hansson was crowned as the second title of Miss Universe Sweden pageant, Miss Earth Sweden 2012. She got ticket for representing Sweden at Miss Earth 2012.
Miss Earth 2012.
Hansson represented Sweden at Miss Earth 2012 in Manila, Philippines. She held the title of Miss Earth Sweden 2012.
Miss Universe Sweden 2014.
Hansson was crowned as "Miss Sweden 2014" or called as "Miss Universe Sweden 2014" on 28 March 2014. At the same pageant, four titles have been declared for representing Sweden at International pageants.
Miss Universe 2014.
Hansson will compete at Miss Universe 2014.
Camilla Hansson was officially crowned as Miss Universe Sweden 2014 and she will finally represent Sweden during the 2014 Miss Universe pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36841188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841188" title="Shoe4Africa 5km">
Shoe4Africa 5km

The Shoe4Africa 5 km is an annual women's road running event over five kilometres that is held on Christmas Eve in the village of Iten, Kenya.
The first edition was run in 2005 when Doris Changeywo won the event that was then a 10 km event, the following year the 5 km distance became standardized. The field is capped at 1,100 entrants though in a special peace celebration run the event was temporarily moved to the Kibera slums in Nairobi, for the December 2008 edition; then 5,300 ladies took part in the run.
Many world marathon stars have run this event. 2012 Boston Marathon winner Sharon Cherop came second in the 2006 event and will be the 2012 official starter. For Mary Keitany, London Marathon champion 2012, this event was her breakthrough race; finishing one place outside the prize money (21st).
The 2011 event was won in a new course record of 16:17 by 2012 Olympian Joyce Chepkirui. The route starts outside the High Altitude Training Center runs towards Iten town before veering off road onto dirt tracks over an extremely hilly loop. The course altitude is at 2345 meters above sea level.
Official starters have included Janeth Jepkosgei, Edna Kiplagat, Mo Farah, Moses Tanui, Moses Kiptanui, Ezekiel Kemboi, Daniel Komen and Phyllis Keino amongst others. Many of the village's elite athletes come out to work and volunteer at this event.
The 2012 Shoe4Africa Women's 5k will be held on Christmas Eve, December 24. The no entry fee and prize money encourages newcomers as elites. The Shoe4Africa Women's 5k is an important spring board for talented runners in the Rift Valley and has launched the running career of future world champions. The event was won by Mercy Cherotich Kibarus, the 2012 Marseille Cassis Road Race champion. The charity's 2012 event coincided with breaking the ground for the new Shoe4Africa Children's Hospital facility in Eldoret on New Year's Day.
The 2014 will be held on December 29 as the pre-event of the following day's Shoe4Africa Children's Hospital building opening.

</doc>
<doc id="36841191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841191" title="T.T. Ross">
T.T. Ross

T.T. Ross was a British lovers rock singer best known for her 1970s singles "Last Date" and "Imagine".
After beginning to record in the mid-1970s, including singles recorded as duets with Gene Rondo, Ross first found success on the British reggae charts in 1975 with "Last Date", produced by Dennis Harris and released on the Lucky label, one of the early releases in the lovers rock genre. The single was later licenced to Polydor Records. She had further success with a cover version of John Lennon's "Imagine" in 1978. One of few white singers in the genre at the time, she was known as 'The White Lady of Reggae'. She continued to record into the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="36841198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841198" title="Ireland at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Ireland at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

63 athletes (46 men and 17 women) from Ireland competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841208" title="Double Up (Two X song)">
Double Up (Two X song)

Double Up is the debut single-album by South Korean girl band Two X. The single-album was released August 20, 2012 via J.Tune Records South Korea. The debut single, "Double Up" was pre-released on August 16 via online music sites. The ladies’ new album has been put together by producers like Duble Sidekick (Double Sidekick) and Ichiro Suezawa, who has worked with stars like Bruno Mars.
Promotions.
Two X had their first stage debut as a girl group on August 16, 2012 at M! Countdown then Music Bank, Music Core and Inkigayo. They also made an appearance on popular radio show hosted by Super Junior's Shindong, MBC Shimshimtapa alongside rookie group VIXX to promote their first single album "Double Up".
Tracklisting.
※ Bold at the space of "Tracks" means promotional singles in each album.

</doc>
<doc id="36841209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841209" title="Robert Bonner (baseball)">
Robert Bonner (baseball)

Robert Bonner (April 1, 1894 –?) was an African-American baseball infielder in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1923 to 1926 with several teams. 

</doc>
<doc id="36841213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841213" title="CBS Records">
CBS Records

CBS Records may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36841215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841215" title="Israel at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Israel at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

40 athletes (37 men and 3 women) from Israel competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841223" title="Michael Dauncey">
Michael Dauncey

Brigadier Michael Donald Keen Dauncey DSO, DL is a retired British Army Brigadier who participated in Operation Market Garden during the Second World War.
He lives in Uley, Gloucestershire with his wife Marjorie.
Market Garden.
On the first day of the operation, 17 September 1944, Dauncey flew a Horsa glider into Arnhem. Several days of fighting ensued, during which he sustained eye injuries. Despite being blinded in one eye, he fought on. He was later awarded the Distinguished Service Order for bravery shown during this battle.

</doc>
<doc id="36841224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841224" title="Government of the Northern Cape">
Government of the Northern Cape

The Northern Cape province of South Africa is governed in a parliamentary system in which the people elect the provincial legislature and the legislature, in turn, elects the Premier as head of the executive. The Premier leads an Executive Council consisting of members who oversee various executive departments. The structure of the provincial government is defined by chapter six of the Constitution of South Africa.
Legislature.
The Northern Cape Provincial Legislature, situated in Kimberley, is the legislative branch of the provincial government. It is a unicameral legislature of 30 members, elected by a system of party-list proportional representation. An election is held every five years, conventionally at the same time as the election of the National Assembly.
After the election of 22 April 2009 there were 19 members of the provincial legislature (MPLs) representing the African National Congress, five representing the Congress of the People, four representing the Democratic Alliance and two representing the Independent Democrats. The Independent Democrats are in coalition with the Democratic Alliance.
Executive.
The Premier of the Northern Cape is the head of the provincial government; he or she is chosen by the members of the provincial parliament from amongst themselves. The Premier appoints Members of the Executive Council (MECs) to oversee the various departments of the provincial government. The Director-General is the non-political head of the provincial administration, while each department is led by a Head of Department. The current Premier is Sylvia Lucas of the African National Congress. Besides the Premier, the Executive Council consists of ten MECs overseeing eleven departments.
Judiciary.
South Africa has a single national judiciary; there is no separate system of provincial courts. The Northern Cape Division of the High Court of South Africa in Kimberley has jurisdiction over all cases arising in the province, but generally handles only the most serious or high-profile criminal trials, high-value civil trials, cases involving judicial review of legislation or executive actions, and appeals from the magistrates' courts. Judges of the High Court periodically go on circuit to hear cases in parts of the province distant from Kimberley. Appeals from the High Court are to the national Supreme Court of Appeal and ultimately (if a constitutional matter is involved) to the Constitutional Court.
The province is divided into 26 magisterial districts and 6 sub-districts, each of which is served by a district magistrate's court. There are a further 24 branch and periodical courts to serve geographically dispersed districts. These district courts have jurisdiction over all criminal cases except murder, rape and treason and can impose a fine of up to R100,000 or a prison sentence of up to three years; and they have jurisdiction over civil cases where the value of the claim is less than R100,000. The regional magistrate's court for the Northern Cape, which sits at multiple locations in the province, has jurisdiction over all criminal cases except treason and can impose a fine of up to R300,000 or a prison sentence of up to fifteen years (or life in some circumstances). The regional court also has jurisdiction over civil cases where the value of the claim is less than R300,000, and divorce and family law cases.
Local government.
The Northern Cape is divided into five district municipalities which are subdivided into twenty-four local municipalities. The municipalities are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="36841229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841229" title="Italy at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Italy at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

79 athletes (60 men and 19 women) from Italy competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841240" title="Kazakhstan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Kazakhstan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Thirteen male athletes from Kazakhstan competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841241" title="Dimitris Sounas">
Dimitris Sounas

Dimitris Sounas (; born on 12 August 1994 in Portaria, Greece), is a forward currently playing in the Greek Superleague for Aris.
Club career.
Aris.
He started his career in youth teams of Aris. In 2012, new head coach Makis Katsavakis promoted him to the first team, and he made his debut on 14 August 2012, in a friendly game against Veria scoring a goal. From August 2012 he is also member of Greece's U19 national team after he was chosen from Kostas Tsanas, head of the U19 team. His professional debut was made in 27 August 2012 against Panionios and his first goal against Atromitos in Kleanthis Vikelidis in an 1-1 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="36841242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841242" title="Cleveland Elites">
Cleveland Elites


</doc>
<doc id="36841244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841244" title="Campyloceras">
Campyloceras

Campyloceras is a Lower Carboniferous (Mississippian) pseudorthocerid that has an elongate, moderately curved, shell. Curvature is greatest toward the apex and lessens in the adult portion. The siphuncle is central to subcentral with moderately to strongly inflated segments. Cameral depostis are well developed on the convex side, toward the apex while only thin on the concave side, making the curvature exogastric. 
"Campyloceras", named by McCloy in 1844, is related to "Pseudactinoceras". Both are included in the Pseudactinoceratidae.

</doc>
<doc id="36841256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841256" title="Jack Iker">
Jack Iker

Jack Leo Iker SSC (born 31 August 1949) is an American Anglican bishop.
Iker is a native of Cincinnati, Ohio. He studied at the University of Cincinnati and General Theological Seminary. Prior to his election as bishop, he was rector of an Episcopal parish in Florida. He serves on the boards of Forward in Faith North America and the American Anglican Council. Like many Anglo-Catholic clergy, he is a member of the Society of the Holy Cross.
Iker was the third bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth, consecrated as co-adjutor in 1993 and as incumbent in 1995. He was one of the most theologically conservative bishops during his tenure and would be one of the last Episcopal bishops opposed to women's ordination. In 2008, most of the clergy and parishes in the diocese left the Episcopal Church to create the identically named Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth, affiliated to the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone of America. Iker left the Episcopal Church with them, becoming the first bishop of the new diocese. He was one of the founding bishops of the Anglican Church in North America in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="36841257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841257" title="Mexico at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

38 athletes (28 men and 10 women) from Mexico competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. Mexico won three gold medals, five silver and three bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36841265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841265" title="Panama at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Panama at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

One male athlete from Panama competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841274" title="Peru at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Peru at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Three male athletes from Peru competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841281" title="Minden Wild Water Preserve">
Minden Wild Water Preserve

The Minden Wild Water Preserve is a current natural canoeing and kayaking slalom facility in Minden, Ontario, Canada, and will be used for the 2015 Pan American Games canoe slalom events. The facility's renovations are scheduled to be completed in 2014, one year before the 2015 Pan American Games begin. The venue will be the furthest games venue from Toronto at about 191 km away. 
The renovations to the facility will cost about $2 million Canadian dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="36841284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841284" title="Lindsay Seidel">
Lindsay Seidel

Lindsay Seidel is an American actress, mostly starring in independent film roles and anime voice over roles for Funimation. Lindsay is from Dallas, Texas, majoring in marketing and psychology. She enjoys acting in film, television and voice-overs. Beginning her career, she became a voice actress on audio books and anime series. She had attended high school at the Greenhill School in Addison, Texas. In her time of volunteering, she records audio books for the blind.

</doc>
<doc id="36841287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841287" title="Puerto Rico at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Puerto Rico at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Five athletes (three men and two women) from Puerto Rico competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841302" title="Kuwait at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Kuwait at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Seventeen male athletes from Kuwait competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841309" title="Kyrgyzstan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Kyrgyzstan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Two male athletes from Kyrgyzstan competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841315" title="Janice Savin Williams">
Janice Savin Williams

Janice Savin Williams (born in Kingston, Jamaica) is the Co-Founder and Senior Principal of The Williams Capital Group, L.P. She has served on the Board of Lenox Hill Neighborhood House, North General Hospital and ISI, Inc., as well as not-for-profit organizations such as The Fresh Air Fund. Currently, Savin Williams serves on the Board of Directors of Women In Need and the NAACP- ACTSO, among others.
Early Life and Career.
Born, Janice Annette Savin, daughter of Patrick and Fay Savin, is a graduate of Tufts University, having earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics. Savin Williams began her 30-year career on Wall Street with Shearson Lehman Brothers Shearson Lehman Brothers]. She then became Vice President, taxable fixed income sales at Drexel Burnham Lambert, Inc. before joining The Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd. In her capacity as Senior Principal at Williams Capital, she is responsible for developing and servicing the firm’s institutional fixed income relationships and evaluating strategic new business initiatives.
Williams Capital Group, L.P..
Established in 1994 by Savin Williams and husband Christopher J. Williams, The Williams Capital Group is an investment banking firm that serves institutional investors and corporations worldwide in the fixed income and equity capital markets.
Over the past eight years, Williams Capital has ranked among the top 20 most active underwriters of U.S. investment grade corporate debt and has served as lead or co-manager on over 600 public debt and equity offerings with a total face amount of over $800 billion.
The Williams Capital Group, L.P. is based in New York City. The company has additional offices in Chicago, Illinois; Shreveport, Louisiana; Dallas, Texas; Westport, Connecticut; and Alford, Massachusetts, as well as San Diego.
Awards.
Savin-Williams received The African American Heritage Award by The City of New York, the Partnership with Children's 2004 Ann Vanderbilt Award and the 2004 Business Leadership Award of the New York State Supreme Court. Along with her husband she received the 2013 Leadership Award from the Harlem School of the Arts during the School's Fall Benefit at Lincoln Center.
Memberships and associations.
Janice Savin Williams has served on the Board of Directors for both community and professional associations, including Lenox Hill Neighborhood House, North General Hospital and ISI, Inc., as well as not-for profit organizations such at The Fresh Air Fund. Additionally, Savin Williams was a Corporate Club member of the Roundabout Theater Company.
Currently, Savin Williams serves on the Board of Directors of the American Board of Plastic Surgery, is Vice-Chair and Secretary of the newly formed Board of The Harlem School of the Arts, and is a Tufts University Trustee. She also sits on the Board of Directors of several other not-for-profit organizations, including Women In Need and NAACP-ACTSO. Additionally, she is on the Advisory Board of Partnership with Children and The Brooklyn Prospect Charter School.
Personal life.
Savin Williams currently resides in New York with her husband and their children.

</doc>
<doc id="36841316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841316" title="Imperial Privileged Oriental Company">
Imperial Privileged Oriental Company

The Imperial Privileged Oriental Company was a state-organized Austrian trading company at the time of Charles VI. 1719 to 1740.
Background.
The first attempts of a centralised economic policy in the Austrian lands arose immediately after the Thirty Years' War. The Bohemian towns had petitioned Ferdinand to refine its own raw materials into more finished goods for export, and Johann Joachim Becher, the most original and influential of the Austrian cameralists, became the leading force in attempting this conversion. Emperor Leopold I sent him on a mission to the Netherlands, and Becher was made councillor of commerce (German: Commerzienrat) at Vienna in 1666 where he inspired the creation of a Commerce Commission (Kommerzkollegium) in Vienna. He led the reestablishment of the first postwar silk plantation on the Lower Austrian estates of Hofkammer President Sinzendorf. Becher then subsequently helped create a Kunst- und Werkhaus in which foreign masters trained non-guild artisans in the production of finished goods. By 1672 he had promoted the construction of a wool factory in Linz. Four years later he established a textile workhouse for vagabonds in the Boemian town of Tabor that eventually employed 186 spinners under his own directorship.
An edict by Leopold I in 1689 had granted the government the right to monitor and control the number of masters and cut down on the monopoly effect of guild operations. Even previous to this, Becher, who was against all forms of monopoly, surmised that a third of the Austrian lands’ 150,000 artisans were "Schwarzarbeiter" who were not in a guild.Becher sought to balance between the need to reinstate postwar levels of population and production both in the countryside and the towns. Yet, by leaning more seriously on trade and commerce Austrian cameralism helped to transfer attention to the troubles of the monarchy’s urban economies. Before his death Ferdinand II had already taken some corrective steps by attempting to ease the debts of the Bohemian towns and to put limits on some of the land-holding nobility’s commercial rights.
Austrian markets had to be opened to world commerce. One of the big obstacles for the implementation of these policies was the Venetian monopoly on the Adriatic which effectively prevented ships form other countries to fare freely on this closed sea a the time known also as the “Gulf of Venice”. Success was achieved under Charles VI. In 1717 after another victorious campaign against the Ottomans (but this time with Venice as its ally) the Adriatic Sea was promptly declared free for trade, with Venice no longer opposing it. In 1718 peace was concluded with the Ottoman Empire and a commercial treaty brought important commercial liberties to the Ottoman and Habsburg subjects. On March 18, 1719 Trieste and Fiume were declared Free Ports (punti franchi) of the Empire of the Habsburgs, with the freihafenpatent. The Oriental Company moved its headquarters from Antwerp to Trieste on the same year.
History.
As the capstone of his efforts to improve commerce to the East, in 1719 Charles VI granted a charter to the Imperial Privileged Oriental Company (Kaiserliche privilegierte orientalische Kompagnie) to carry the banner of Austrian commerce in the Balkans. Alongside the more famous Ostend Company a private trading company established in 1723 to trade with the East and West Indies. For a few years it provided strong competition to the traditional colonial trading companies. In addition to the Emperor himself, Chancellor Philipp Ludwig Wenzel von Sinzendorf was a driving force behind the founding of the trading company that had a capital stock of 1 million thalers. Sinzendorf was temporary director of the company. It was hoped in Vienna through trade with the Ottoman Empire to stimulate the domestic economy.
The company was founded in the 1719. Its task was to export Habsburg goods to the Ottoman Empire. Its charter was modeled after the French society of John Law. The company accordingly had the exclusive rights to trade in the lands of the sultan either along the Danube and the Adriatic. Later it also started trade with Portugal. The Company had monopoly rights and was headed by officials of the state.
Bankruptcy.
However, the company had difficulties from the beginning, as the private traders the company most opposed to standing. Therefore, it was difficult to bring together the necessary capital. The Vienna City Bank filled this gap. Raise the test by means of a lottery capital was in 1721 and 1729 was a failure.
Beyond trade awarded the company the right to maintain their own factories and other production facilities and set up. In 1722 the company bought about the woolen mill in Linz (Linzer Wollzeugfabrik). The company dedicated a ship on the Adriatic. It started a sugar refinery and a candle factory.Offices were built, both in Belgrade and in Constantinople and the company had its branch offices in Trieste, Fiume and Messina, that being a part of the former Spanish possession was now transferred to the Austrian Hapsburgs. 
The company, after a decade of existence, could not prevail against the merchants from the Ottoman Empire itself. The Ostend Company was eventually closed down in 1731 following British pressure as part of the Treaty of Vienna creating an alliance between the two states. In 1740 also the Oriental Company had to declare bankruptcy after Austria rejected an offer of English and Dutch merchants, in 1732, to take over the company.
Legacy.
Nevertheless the company fostered the development of the first manufactures in Austria, as many of its suppliers survived its bankruptcy. The new empress Maria Theresia did not give up and in a profoundly changed environment founded in Vienna a new Commercien Ober-Directorium in 1749, upon which all the commercial affairs of the empire is centred. In 1745 she united the administrations of all the ports within an Oberste Commerz-Intendenza (High Commercial Intendancy), which was originally established by her father in 1731. The Kommerzial-Intendanz was the first provincial imperial institution that ruled the City from 1748 until 1776. In 1749 Maria Theresa issued the „Haupt-Resolution" by which the civil and military Capitan of Trieste is put under the control of the Comercien Ober Directorium seated in Vienna. All the region of the Littoral in fact becomes a territorial dependency of this new institution, specifically oriented to the development of commerce and thus very different from the other (still feudal) provinces.
In 1759 the Compagnie privilégiée de Temesvár (called by the Kommerzial-Intendanz in Trieste also Jánosháza company) aimed at the export of Hungarian and Banat agricultural products (salted meat, tobacco, candles, tallow).
The Temesvár company operated from 1759 until 1769 before it went bankrupt by 1771. Its greatest success came during the Seven Years' War (reaching its peak in 1763 - 65) when it supplied France through Genoa of the goods she had previously imported from its American possessions. The sugar refinery built in Fiume in 1750 was perhaps the biggest success. The plant obtained the privilege as the only sugar producing plant in the Empire and in 1755 an act prohibited the imports of sugar from other countries. The turn happened when Charles Proli from Antwerp together with the Triestine commercial house Urban Arnold & Cie company provided the plant with Dutch personnel and equipment. At its peak the Company employed more than 1000 workers and employees in a time when Fiume had little more than 5000 inhabitants. Apart from sugar the company produced salted meat that was exported principally to France from where Haitian sugar cane was obtained. The company induced many spin-offs (such as candle and rope factories, etc.). Industrial production in the city rose rapidly: according to the Ragusan diplomat Luka Sorkočević who in 1782 stayed in Fiume in his private diary estimated the value of the exported goods from Fiume at 2,5 million guldens. The next step was marked by the Austrian East India Company (Société impériale asiatique de Trieste et Anvers, or Société asiatique de Trieste), based in Ostend and Trieste, founded 1775 by William Bolts and wound up in 1785.
The Imperial Company of Trieste and Antwerp flourished despite the opposition of its rivals, the English and Dutch East India Companies, during the period when Britain found itself at war with Holland and France as a development of the American War of Independence. The Imperial Company benefited from Austria’s neutrality during this conflict by being able to send its ships to Canton while its rival companies were prevented from doing so. When the war ended, the Dutch and English companies returned in a rush to Canton, which raised the price of Chinese tea and other goods there and caused a glut of them when the ships returned to Europe. The trade from the Austrian Netherlands to India which had been recommenced by Bolts and the Imperial East India Company was continued after the collapse of that company in February 1785 by a group of Belgian and English merchants headed by the Vicomte Edouard de Walckiers, whose family had played a part in the story of the Ostend Company which traded to India earlier in the eighteenth century and who, together with the Marseilles banker Kick, had been one of the biggest shareholders in the Imperial Company.

</doc>
<doc id="36841325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841325" title="Christine Canavan">
Christine Canavan

Christine E. Canavan is the Massachusetts state representative for the 10th Plymouth District, which consists of West Bridgewater, Ward 4, Precincts B&C; Ward 5, Precincts B, C & D; and all of Ward 6 of Brockton, Precinct 3 of Easton, and Precinct 1 of East Bridgewater. Canavan has held this seat since 1993.
Early Life and Career.
Canavan graduated from Massasoit Community College in 1983 with an Associates degree in nursing. In 1988, Canavan received a Bachelors degree in nursing from University of Massachusetts, Boston. She was employed as a registered nurse prior to becoming a legislator.
Political career.
Before becoming a state legislator, Canavan served for three years on the Brockton school committee. Canavan was first elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1993. She has been re-elected every time since her first campaign. In many years, Canavan has not faced a primary or general election opponent. In 2010, she faced her most difficult reelection campaign in many years, defeating Matt Albanese in the primary with 52% of the vote, and defeating John Cruz of West Bridgewater in the general election with 53% of the vote. Canavan is a candidate for reelection in 2012, and she has no opponent on either the primary or general election ballots.
As a state representative, Canavan serves on the Joint Committee on Economic Development and Emerging Technologies, the Joint Committee on Housing, the Joint Committee on Public Health, the Joint Committee on Ways and Means, and the House Committee on Ways and Means. Creedon's voting record in the house has been consistently high in recent years, with the exception of 2011, when she spent the beginning of the year recovering from a broken leg.
When a bill was before the House regarding the placement of a ballot question that called for banning gay marriage, Canavan initially voted yes for the bill, but changed her position by voting against an amendment later on that essentially killed the bill. Canavan voted in favor of casino gaming in a 2011 vote. She has publicly stated that she has reservations about the cost of a south coast commuter rail extension, but would support such a project if environmental concerns are taken care of.

</doc>
<doc id="36841333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841333" title="Toon Express Group">
Toon Express Group

Toon Express International Limited (TE Group, Simplified Chinese: 动漫火车集团, Traditional Chinese: 動漫火車集團, Pinyin: Dòngmàn Huǒchē Jítuán) is a former operating division of Infoport Management Limited, which was headquartered in Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Before Toon Express became a part of Imagi, Soh Szu Wei (蘇思偉, Pinyin: "Sū Sīwěi") was the head of Toon Express. After the buyout he became the CEO and executive director of Imagi.
Toon Express owns the copyrights of the characters in "Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf", a popular Chinese cartoon. As of 2011 the company had commercial agreements with Creative Power Entertaining and Disney Enterprises. During that year, Imagi International announced that it was buying Toon Express for up to 1.05 billion Hong Kong dollars, or $130 million U.S. dollars. Imagi acquired Infoport, which included Toon Express.

</doc>
<doc id="36841338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841338" title="Macau at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Macau at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

One male athlete from Macau competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841366" title="Tankebyggarorden">
Tankebyggarorden

Tankebyggarorden (Swedish: Order of the Thought Builders) was a literary fellowship established in Stockholm in 1753 by the Foreign Secretary Carl Friedrich Eckleff, an ardent Freemason, and grew to 34 members, among whom the most famous are the poets Hedvig Charlotta Nordenflycht, Gustaf Philip Creutz and Gustaf Fredrik Gyllenborg.
They published a journal called "Our experiments" in three parts, 1753-1755. The collection contains outspoken satires (mostly Gyllenborg), directed against considerably old-fashioned, beautiful idyllic poetry (Creutz Sommarqväde and Elegie, etc.), from elevated rhetorical didactics to frivolous little pieces.
The society was formed of a central coterie consisting of Nordenflycht and her inner circle. In 1763 Tankebyggarorden dissolved when Nordenflycht died and Creutz was ordered to Spain . A revival attempt in 1775 failed.

</doc>
<doc id="36841370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841370" title="Malaysia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Malaysia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Six male athletes from Malaysia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841375" title="Pileanthus">
Pileanthus

Pileanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the Myrtaceae family, endemic to Western Australia. Collectively referred to by the common name Coppercups, the eight currently recognised species are:
"Pileanthus aurantiacus" 
"Pileanthus bellus"
"Pileanthus filifolius" Meisn. Summer Coppercups
"Pileanthus limacis" Labill. Coastal Coppercups
"Pileanthus peduncularis" Endl. Coppercups
"Pileanthus rubronitidus" 
"Pileanthus septentrionalis"
"Pileanthus vernicosus" F.Muell. 

</doc>
<doc id="36841376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841376" title="Stanley Peiris">
Stanley Peiris

Stanley Peiris (June 12, 1941 - October 13, 2002) is a veteran Saxophonist and a music composer in Sri Lanka.
Early life.
Peiris was born in Kandy and was product of St. Anthony's College, Kandy. He learned the intricacies of music at the Kandy M.G.C. institute and later joined the Sri Lanka Navy. Later he formed his music group "Fortunes",specialising in instrumental music, an innovative idea in the Sinhala pop scene.
Music.
In his career spanning more than forty years Stanley Peiris contributed by music for more than 700 music albums and composed scores for about 6,600 songs in Sinhala Music. Some of his popular melodies include; Lata Walpola's "Punsanda Eliyai", Milton Mallawarachchi's "Amaran Hengum", Clarence Wijewardena's "Duwa ma wage", Gration Amanda's "Tharu yaye", Nirosha Wirajini's "Sigiri geeyak Obe hadawathe". In 1981 he composed music for his maiden film "Saranga" and then followed it up with films such as "Soora Saradiel" and "Baisikalaya". Peiris was teaching at St. Anthony's College, Kandy and famous singer Rookantha Gunathilake was one of his students. Later, Peiris formed the music band "Galaxy" with Rookantha Gunathilake, Mahinda Bandara and Keerthi Pasqual. Stanley Peiris helped composer Dinesh Subasinghe for his music career in the beginning in 2000.
Death.
Peiris died from cancer on 13 October 2002, at his residence in Kandy.

</doc>
<doc id="36841378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841378" title="Vitaly Minakov">
Vitaly Minakov

Vitaly Minakov (; born February 6, 1985, Bryansk, Russia) is a Russian sambist, judoka and mixed martial artist currently fighting in heavyweight division for the Bellator MMA, where he is the Bellator Heavyweight Champion.
2012 Olympics.
Because Vitaly is a numerous Sambo World Champion and a Junior Russian National Champion in Judo, he considered competing at the 2012 Olympics in London. It is unknown why he didn't make the team. In his 2010 interview, he also stated that he beat Teddy Riner, a numerous World Judo Champion and an Olympic Gold Medalist in a training/sparring session in 2006.
Mixed martial arts career.
MMA career.
Minakov made his professional MMA debut in November 2010. He is a Sambo World Champion, (2008-2011).
Minakov defeated UFC and Bellator veteran Eddie Sanchez on June 7, 2012 at Fight Nights - Battle of Moscow 7. He won via KO in the first round.
Minakov defeated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu World Champion and UFC veteran Fabiano Scherner on September 17, 2012 at Fight Nights - Battle of Desne. He won via KO in the first round.
Bellator MMA.
In June 2012, Minakov was signed in Bellator.
He made his debut the following fall at Bellator 79 on November 2, 2012. He defeated a Moldavian National Champion & Judo Black Belt Vladimir Starcencov via TKO in the second round to win his Bellator and North American debut.
Minakov faced Ron Sparks on June 19, 2013 in the Bellator Heavyweight Tournament Semifinal. He won in the first round by technical knockout.
Minakov faced Ryan Martinez at Bellator 97 in the finals on July 31, 2013. He got the TKO victory via punches in the third round, after he took Martinez down and secured full mount. 
Minakov faced and defeated Alexander Volkov on November 15, 2013 at Bellator 108 to win the Bellator Heavyweight Championship.
Minakov faced winner Cheick Kongo at Bellator 115 on April 4th. He won via unanimous decision to retain the Bellator Heavyweight Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36841386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841386" title="Oman at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Oman at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Three male athletes from Oman competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841397" title="Jerome Hammersmith">
Jerome Hammersmith

He was born in Melfort, Saskatchewan, the son of Alvin (Allie) and Molly Hammersmith of Gronlid, Sask. After spending time as a farmer, logger, miner, construction worker and lineman, he married Shelby Smith and they had a daughter, Shannon,(now Shannon Rodgers). Shelby & Jerry divorced in 1968. Jerry studied at the University of Saskatchewan, receiving a Bachelor of Education (B.Ed.) with Great Distinction and Master of Education (M.Ed.), both in Indian and Northern Education. An Outfitter and Bush Pilot between 1967 and 1972, Hammersmith was president of the Northern Saskatchewan Outfitters Association. From 1969 until 1973, he was married to Lynne Samson and that marriage produced no children. Between 1973 and 1978, he was a consultant with the James Smith First Nation and then the Federation of Saskatchewan Indians. He married Bernice Michelle Jacobson and they had three children, daughter, Renee, sons Jody and Jamie. His daughters Shannon and Renee are both teachers, while his son Jamie is a practicing lawyer and his other son Jody is a commercial airline pilot. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in a 1977 by-election before being elected in 1978. Hammersmith served in the Blakeney cabinet as Minister for Northern Saskatchewan. His re-election in 1982 was declared void and he was defeated in the by-election that followed in 1983. Beginning in 1983, Hammersmith worked as a national and international Management, Education and Business Consultant, sequentially with Meadow Lake Tribal Council in Saskatchewan, Assembly of First Nations in Ottawa, clients in 5 other Canadian provinces and 3 Territories, as well as in Zimbabwe and New Zealand. He noticed his first M.S. symptoms in 1985 and it was officially diagnosed in 1994. Divorced in 1995, he married Joan Margaret Brooks in 2004. In their melded family, they have six children, three step children, seventeen grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Defying his M.S. and beginning doctoral studies in 2003, Hammersmith earned a Doctor of Education [D.Ed.). in Comparative Education from the University of South Africa in 2007.
Dr. Hammersmith taught at universities in Saskatchewan and New Zealand, and also in the First Nations Forum, the Gabriel Dumont Institute and the Dumont Technical Institute, all in Saskatchewan. He also served as a volunteer adviser on Aboriginal and Developing Nation projects with the Canadian Executive Service Organization. He has been on the Faculty of the Aboriginal Leadership and Management Program at the Banff Centre in Alberta since 2005 and continues as a Saskatoon freelance writer of both fiction and non-fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="36841405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841405" title="Qatar at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Qatar at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

One male athlete from Qatar competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841412" title="2012 FIBA 3x3 World Championships">
2012 FIBA 3x3 World Championships

The 2012 FIBA 3x3 World Championships, hosted by Greece, was the first edition of the FIBA 3x3 World Championships, an international 3x3 basketball event that featured separate competitions for men's, women's and mixed national teams. The tournament ran from August 23 to August 26, 2012. It was co-organized by the FIBA.
Serbia won the title after defeating France 16–13 in the men's final.
The USA won the title after defeating France in the women's final, while France defeated Argentina for the Mixed team Final.

</doc>
<doc id="36841426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841426" title="UMS/UHD/UHX">
UMS/UHD/UHX

UMS/UHD/UHX is a forklift truck in the Atlet Tergo series. It differs from traditional forklift truck design philosophy in that it is entirely designed around the operator. By letting the forklift truck adjust to the operator’s skills and body structure the UMS/UHD/UHX is an example of how ergonomics is an important part of machine efficiency.
Sources.
Atlet, Henrik Moberger, Tärnan Reportage AB 2008. ISBN 978-91-633-1924-2

</doc>
<doc id="36841433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841433" title="Luxembourg at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Luxembourg at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

One male athlete from Luxembourg competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841444" title="Macedonia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Macedonia at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

One male athlete from Macedonia competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841458" title="Shooting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol SH1">
Shooting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol SH1

The Women's 10 metre air pistol SH1 event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on September 8 at the Beijing Shooting Range Hall.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36841470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841470" title="Philipp Ludwig Wenzel von Sinzendorf">
Philipp Ludwig Wenzel von Sinzendorf

Philipp Ludwig Wenzel Sinzendorf (Vienna, December 26, 1671 - Vienna, February 8, 1742) was an Austrian diplomat and Court Chancellor (Obersthofkanzler).
Origin.
His father, Georg Ludwig von Sinzendorf, descended from the Sinzendorf Fridau-Neuburg line. His mother, Dorothea Elisabeth, was Duchess of Holstein-Wisenburg. His father was Hofkammerpräsident under Emperor Leopold I. After the emperor led a thorough examination of his financial irregularities, Georg Ludwig was sentenced to life imprisonment, but his wife managed the commutation of the sentence into house arrest in one of the palaces of the family. Philip Louis was a younger son of this marriage, and was designated early for an ecclesiastical career.
Rise.
After his brother's death in the Battle of Mohács (1687), he returned to secular life. Philipp Ludwig von Sinzendorf initially entered military service. The emperor noticed him and appointed him in 1694 as treasurer. As a result, he was entrusted with various diplomatic missions. In 1696 he married the Countess Rosina Katharina von Waldstein. With here he had four children. Among them was the later Cardinal Philipp Ludwig von Sinzendorf.<br> 
In 1699, hardly 28-year-old, he was appointed ambassador to the court of Versailles. After the beginning of the War of Spanish Succession, he had to leave France. In 1701 he was appointed Privy Council. Along with the future Emperor Joseph I, he participated in the siege of Landau, one of the longest in the War of the Spanish Succession. After that, he was commissioner in Liege. Here, he dismissed the Prince-bishop of Liège Joseph Clemens of Bavaria, who's brother fought with France against Austria, and introduced a new government. In 1704, he concluded the Imperial Evacuation Treaty with the Elector of Bavaria after the great victory in the Battle of Blenheim.
Court Chancellor.
After the death of Emperor Leopold, Sinzendorf also gained the favor of Emperor Joseph I, who made him in 1705 Court Chancellor (Obersthofkanzler). He was also the protector of the Imperial Academy of Arts. He was a central figure for four decades, especially in the foreign policy of the Hapsburg Empire. In 1706 he negotiated in The Hague with John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough and the Netherlands representatives. He was next to Eugene of Savoy in 1709 and negotiator in the negotiations to a preliminary peace that failed, because of the excessive demands from the side of Sinzendorf. In this way he succeeded in preventing a premature Austria demand for peace. 
The Emperor rewarded Sinzendorf for his services by awarding him the fiefs of Hals and Schärding in Bavaria. Surprised by the death of the Emperor in The Hague, he went immediately to Frankfurt am Main to lobby for the election of Charles VI as Holy Roman Emperor. After the election, Charles VI confirmed Sinzendorf in his offices and while he accompanied Charles to his coronation in Frankfurt, Charles VI appointed him Knight of the Golden Fleece.
In negotiating the Treaty of Utrecht, Sinzendorf has teamed up with Prince Eugene and tried in vain to persuade the former allies to continue the war. Back in Vienna, he was appointed as Privy Conference Minister. He was since then not only responsible for the exterior, but also for domestic politics. Since 1721 he was also the director of the Imperial Privileged Oriental Company (Kaiserliche privilegierte orientalische Kompagnie). At the Congress of Soissons to end the Anglo-Spanish War (1727–29), he opened the negotiations. He came in contact with the French cardinal and statesman André-Hercule de Fleury. His efforts were in vain and he returned to Vienna. In the negotiations with the Protestants in Hungary, he was present in 1734 as the only layman. He was an ardent supporter of the marriage of Maria Theresa and Francis Stephen of Lorraine. This he did also because he hoped it would bring him personal material benefits. After the War of the Polish Succession, Sinzendorf led the peace negotiations for Austria, which led to the Treaty of Vienna (1738). The defeats of the Imperial forces in the Austro-Russian–Turkish War (1735–39) prompted him to urge the Emperor to an early peace.
After the emperor's death, he supported Maria Theresa in claiming here inheritance rights. Even in the early years of the Austrian Succession War, he remained in the service of the Empress.

</doc>
<doc id="36841483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841483" title="Moldova at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Moldova at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Five male athletes from Moldova competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841491" title="Netherlands at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Netherlands at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Netherlands competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The team included 108 athletes, 75 men and 33 women. Competitors from Netherlands won 45 medals, including 17 gold, 11 silver and 17 bronze to finish 8th in the medal table.
Medalists.
Source: www.paralympic.org & www.olympischstadion.nl 

</doc>
<doc id="36841498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841498" title="Norway at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Norway at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

42 athletes (35 men and 7 women) from Norway competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36841503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36841503" title="Apron of Magic">
Apron of Magic

Gameplay.
Apron of Magic involves using special collectible cards, which needs to be scanned first in the arcade machine, with the gameplay is done by using the touchscreen. The cards to be scanned in order is the character cards (Red), the ingredient card (Yellow) and lastly, a Magic Power Card (Blue) in exact order, thought there is a time limit and the player can scan as many card as they can. The player then needs to follow some steps in the game to make sure the food has been prepared and cooked well in the process. Presentation and tasting were done in the end. If the player fails in one of those steps, the dish the player will cook will not end well.
Cards.
The Cards used in the games were classified in color in which distinguishes itself from another.
Characters.
In commemoration to the 50th anniversary of the company, Sanrio included several characters which gets expanded later on in each revision. More characters are also added in each revision, making it have the highest number of Sanro Characters that ever debuted in the game. Heart Aino and Saki Tsuzura, characters from EXAMU's fighting game Arcana Heart also appear in the game as playable cameo characters.
Participating Sanrio Series.
Note: All the series's name are taken from the Official Sanrio Character Database with the representing cards are taken from the official website

</doc>
