<doc id="36644936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644936" title="William Douglas (sea captain)">
William Douglas (sea captain)

William Douglas (died 1791) was a Scottish ship captain and maritime fur trader during the late 18th century. He worked with the British trader and Captain John Meares, commanding the ship "Iphigenia Nubiana". He was involved in the Nootka Crisis of 1789, which brought Britain and Spain to the brink of war. A few years later he was captain of the American ship "Grace". In 1791 he partnered with Captain John Kendrick in an attempt to open trade with Japan.
Captain of the "Iphigenia".
Trading voyages of 1788.
Douglas was an officer on the "Nootka" during Meares's first fur trading voyage to the Pacific Northwest coast from 1786-1787. In 1788, in Macau, China, Meares formed a partnership of several merchants and captains, and purchased two new vessels, the snows "Felice Adventurer" and the "Iphigenia Nubiana"—generally called the "Felice" and "Iphigenia". Meares took command of the "Felice". He made Douglas captain of the "Iphigenia" and second in command of the expedition, noting in his later account that Douglas "was well acquinted with the coast of America".
The "Felice Adventurer" was 230 tons burden and the "Iphigenia Nubiana" 200 tons (Builder's Old Measurement). Meares described them as having bottoms sheathed with copper. The "Felice" had a crew of 50, the "Iphigenia" 40. In order to avoid the cost of acquiring licenses from the East India Company and South Sea Company—required for British merchant ships trading across the Pacific Ocean—and to evade the high port costs China demanded of foreign ships other than those of Portugal, Meares and his partners had the "Felice" and "Iphigenia" sail under the Portuguese flag. The ships were registered in Macau under a Portuguese merchant named João Carvalho. They sailed under the titular Portuguese command of Francisco José Viana, who pretended to be the captain of the "Iphigenia", while Meares pretended to be the supercargo of the "Felice". This tactic of sailing under false colors was not uncommon at the time and was used by other British maritime fur traders such as Charles William Barkley.
The "Felice" and "Iphigenia" sailed from Macau on 22 January 1788. Meares intended to establish permanent fur trading posts on the Pacific Northwest coast. The "Felice" carried materials for constructing a house and a schooner, both to be built at Nootka Sound. To assist with building and running the posts 50 Chinese men were hired and sailed with the expedition. They became the first Chinese known to have visited the Pacific Northwest and Hawaii. Also sailing with Meares and Douglas were a number of Native Hawaiians and Native Americans, including Kaiana, a chief of Kauai, who Meares had brought from Hawaii to Macau, and Winee (or Wynee), a Hawaiian girl who Charles William Barkley had brought to Macau in 1787. The ships also carried two natives of Maui, a boy and a man who Douglas referred to as Tawnee. There was also a Nuu-chah-nulth—a native of Vancouver Island—called Comekela. Kaiana, Winee, and Comekela were aboard the "Felice". The others were on the "Iphigenia". Winee became ill shortly after the ships left Macau. On 5 February 1788 she died.
Meares, Douglas, and their partners had planned for Meares to sail the "Felice" to Nootka Sound, on Vancouver Island, while Douglas sailed the "Iphigenia" to the Aleutian Islands and down the coast of North America to Nootka Sound, collecting furs along the way. The ships would rendezvous in Nootka Sound or, failing that, Hawaii. While Douglas was exploring the coast from Alaska to Nootka Sound Meares would explore south along today's Washington and Oregon coasts. By this plan the two ships would be able to explore the whole coast from Spanish California to the Bering Sea. At the time the Pacific Northwest coast was still largely unexplored. Only its general shape and a few small harbors such as Nootka Sound had been charted. The possibility that a Northwest Passage might exist was taken seriously. Meares hoped to find it.
While crossing the South China Sea the "Iphigenia" proved to be a "heavy" sailer and much slower than the "Felice". The "Iphigenia" sprang her foremast and began to leak, and also suffered an outbreak of scurvy. For these reasons the two ships sailed to the Spanish port at Zamboanga in the Philippines, where the "Iphigenia" was repaired. Meares did not want to wait for the repairs to be finished. He transferred Kaiana and the other native Hawaiians to the "Iphigenia", charing Douglas with taking them to their homeland. Comekela remained on the "Felice", which sailed from Zamboanga soon after arriving. 
Douglas left with the repaired "Iphigenia" on 22 February 1788. Because of the delay he decided to sail first to the Pacific Northwest coast, instead of Hawaii, in order to arrive in time for the fur trading season. Douglas sailed the "Iphigenia" from the Philippines north through the Celebes Sea and the Philippine Sea, then crossed the Pacific directly to the northwest coast. 
The "Felice" reached America first, anchoring in Nootka Sound near the native village of Yuquot on 13 May 1788. Comekela returned to his people. A few days later Meares was visited by the chiefs Maquinna and Callicum. According to Meares, on 25 May 1788 Maquinna sold or granted a tract of land to Meares as a site for the construction of a trading post house. Whether Maquinna actually did this became a point of contention between Britain and Spain, and in 1792 Maquinna denied in an affidavit that he had. This was one of the key issues of the Nootka Crisis. Another issue was what kind of "house", if any, Meares built. By Meares' account it was finished on 28 May 1788 and boasted two floors, an attached blacksmith shop, a surrounding breastwork and a cannon emplacement. Work was begun on a schooner, which was finished, named "North West America", and launched in September.
Douglas and the "Iphigenia" had not arrived at Nootka Sound by June and Meares decided to sail south to collect furs, leaving a group of men and officers at Nootka Sound under the command of Robert Funter. Meares left on 11 June 1788 and returned on 26 July. Douglas had still not yet arrived with the "Iphigenia". In August Meares took the "Felice" on another fur trading cruise, this time to Clayoquot Sound. He returned to Nootka Sound on 24 August. On August 26 the "Iphigenia" was spotted. Captain Douglas anchored in Nootka Sound on the 27th.
As planned, Douglas had crossed the North Pacific to the Aleutian Islands. He entered Cook Inlet and Prince William Sound in Alaska, then cruised south, trading for furs along the way. Meares wrote that Douglas's voyage had confirmed that there was a "Great Northern Archipelago"—today's Alexander Archipelago and British Columbia Coast—and that earlier voyages had been exploring offshore islands rather than the mainland.
Between the two of them Douglas and Meares had collected a valuable cargo of hundreds of furs. Meares decided that as soon as the new schooner, "North West America", was launched he would sail the "Felice" to Macau, China, with the combined cargo of furs. Douglas and the "Iphigenia" would remain at Nootka Sound until the "North West America" was ready for sea, then the two vessels would sail to Hawaii and spend the winter there. The following spring they would return to the Northwest Coast.
On 17 September 1788, before the "North West America" was finished, the American maritime fur trader Robert Gray arrived at Nootka Sound with the "Lady Washington". The British and American captains were suspicious of each other from the start. The "North West America" was launched on 20 September 1788. Robert Funter was given command of the schooner and a crew was selected from the "Felice" and "Iphigenia". The combined cargo of 750 furs was loaded into the "Felice", which left Nootka Sound on 24 September 1788. In October Meares stopped at a few places in the Hawaiian Islands, communicating and trading with the Hawaiians but not going ashore. He discovered that the political situation on Kauai might prove dangerous for Kaiana, who was to return with Douglas on the "Iphigenia". Hoping to warn Douglas and Kaiana, Meares left a letter to Douglas with a Hawaiian of Niihau, who both captains had met before and called Friday (after the character Friday from the novel "Robinson Crusoe"). Meares left Hawaii on 27 October 1788 and arrived at Macau on 5 December.
The "North West America" was ready for sea a few weeks after Meares had left Nootka Sound. Captain Douglas, in preparing to sail, had all the tools and supplies on shore loaded onto the "Iphigenia" and "North West America". He also had his men tear down the "house" that Meares had built, not knowing, or not caring that Meares had promised to give it to the natives. Douglas gave some of the planks to John Kendrick, the American captain of the "Columbia Rediviva", which had arrived at Nootka Sound shortly after the "Lady Washington".
Douglas traded some cannons to Kendrick in exchange for additional provisions. Kendrick's longboats towed Douglas's ships out of Nootka Sound. After the British ships left the local natives, who had been very skittish since the Americans arrived, suddenly came in great numbers and soon a friendly trading relationship was established. According to the journals and logs of the Americans Douglas and his men had treated the local natives very poorly—repeatedly taking food and provisions from them under the threat of force.
Wintering in the Hawaiian Islands.
On 27 October 1788 the "Iphigenia" and "North West America", under Douglas and Funter, left Nootka Sound for the Hawaiian Islands, where they spent the winter. The purpose was to avoid the unpleasant winter storms of the Pacific Northwest coast and for "refreshment". They arrived off the Hawaiian island of Maui on December 6. From there they sailed to the island of Hawaii. News of the return of Kaiana spread and many of his friends and relatives came to the ships to visit with him. Douglas anchored the ships in Kealakekua Bay. Other than the "Queen Charlotte", under Captain George Dixon, and the "King George", under Nathaniel Portlock, the "Iphigenia" and "North West America" were the first European ships to visit Kealakekua Bay since James Cook was killed there. Kamehameha I came to the "Iphigenia" on December 10. In 1795 Kamehameha established the Kingdom of Hawaii over most of the islands, but in 1788 was still struggling to gain control over the island of Hawaii. Kamehameha gave Douglas a large fan and two full-length cloaks made from the feathers of mamo and ʻŌʻō birds (both now extinct). Later, Douglas gave these cloaks to Captain Robert Gray, who in turn gave them to Esteban José Martínez.
On December 19 Douglas, wanting to find an anchorage more protected from squally weather, order the "Iphigenia's" anchor raised only to discover that the line had been cut. Kamehameha and his chiefs, who were on board, immediately left and paddled quickly to the shore, making it clear they were to blame for the sabotage. Douglas sent Kaiana to tell Kamehameha if the anchor was not returned the Hawaiian village on the bay would be "blown about his ears". Kaiana returned with several swimmers who dived to a depth of 20 fathoms and attached a rope to the loose anchor. Before Douglas set sail the next day Kamehameha and several chiefs came aboard unabashedly to say farewell. Kaiana decided to stay on Hawaii with Kamehameha, who promised him a rich life of honor and security, instead of returning to his native Kauai. Kaiana correctly feared that the political situation on Kauai would make his return dangerous. He became an important lieutenant of Kamehameha, leading troops into battles in support of Kamehameha, but the two had a falling out. Kaiana and his warriors eventually changed sided and fought against Kamehameha in the 1795 climactic Battle of Nuʻuanu. Kaiana was killed in that battle.
Douglas sailed to Maui, where Hawaiians again tried to cut "Iphigenia's" cable, then to Oahu, where yet again anchors were cut. They were recovered after Douglas threatened the local chief that "his town should be laid in ashes". Douglas and Funter sailed the "Iphigenia" and "North West America" from island to island over the winter, visiting Kauai and returning to Oahu and Hawaii. In Hawaii they visited Kaiana and Kamehameha who asked to be supplied with firearms. They said that rival chiefs, including the king Kaeo of Kauai, had formed an alliance against Kamehameha and that Kaeo had been given arms and ammunition by George Dixon and Nathaniel Portlock, who were rivals with Meares and Douglas in the maritime fur trade business. Hearing this, Douglas gave Kamehameha and Kaiana firearms and ammunition, and had a swivel gun mounted on one of Kamehameha's largest canoes. When Meares published an account of his adventures in 1790 he included Douglas's statement about Dixon and Portlock supplying weapons to the Hawaiians. Dixon denied the allegation, along with numerous others in a "pamphleteer war" between Dixon and Meares in London.
Douglas returned to Oahu and Kauai near the end of winter. Mutiny broke out among the crew. One sailor, named Jones, attempted to get a loaded blunderbuss from the fore-top. Douglas fired a pistol over his head and threatened to fire again unless he surrendered. Jones was given the choice of punishment or immediate banishment ashore. He chose banishment. Douglas sailed for Niihau while other mutinous plans were made by crewmembers. On March 15 the quartermaster and two sailors escaped in native canoes. They were apparently planning to set fire to the "Iphigenia" but were stopped by Friday, the friendly native of Niihau. Friday arranged for the two sailors to be returned, but the quartermaster escaped and was left behind.
In March Douglas was ready to sail back to the Pacific Northwest coast. The plan had been to sail to Alaska and cruise south, like he had done the year before. But the two ships lacked some necessary supplies and the "North West America" had no anchor. Therefore Douglas decided to sail directly to Nootka Sound where he hoped to meet Meares and another ship from China. On 17 March 1789 Douglas and Funter left the Hawaiian Islands for Nootka Sound.
Trading voyage of 1789.
Douglas arrived at Nootka Sound on 20 April 1789 and anchored near the Nuu-chah-nulth village of Yuquot. He discovered that the Americans Kendrick and Gray had spent the winter on the coast of Vancouver Island. Captain Kendrick visited Douglas and told him that the "Columbia Redivivia" was anchored a few miles away in what is now called Kendrick Inlet. Captain Gray had taken the "Lady Washington" on a cruise to the south but returned to Nootka Sound within a few days of Douglas's arrival. Douglas found that over the winter Kendrick had built a trading outpost, which he called Fort Washington. It had a house, a gun battery, a blacksmith forge, and various outbuildings. Douglas also learned that the Americans had already taken the winter's furs, arranged trading commitments from the village of Nootka Sound, gathered furs to the south, and were about to head north. Douglas knew he had to send the "North West America" trading to the north as soon as possible.
On April 21 Douglas recorded the death of Acchon Aching. His body was taken ashore for burial—the first known case of an Asian, probably Chinese, dying and being buried in the Pacific Northwest.
Captain Funter arrived on April 24. The "North West America" was hauled up on the beach for repairs while refurbishing of the "Iphigenia" continued on abord and ashore.
Douglas expected Meares to arrive soon in the "Felice" with supplies for establishing a trading post in Nootka Sound and possibly elsewhere. He did not know that events in China, India, and London had caused significant changes in the plan. In Macau Meares's Portuguese partner, the merchant Carvalho, had gone bankrupt, and the governor of Macau, who was supportive of Carvalho and Meares, had died. In January of 1789 Meares and his remaining partners had decided to merge their business with their former rivals, the King George's Sound Company, owned by the Etches brothers of London. In the new "Associated Merchants" company Meares stayed in Macau. His ship, the "Felice" was sold and a new ship, the "Argonaut" was purchased and placed under the command of James Colnett. The "Argonaut" and the "Princess Royal", under Thomas Hudson, sailed from China to the Pacific Northwest coast—but did not arrive until July 1789. Because the Etches brothers had proper licenses with the East India Company and South Sea Company, so the ships sailed with British instead of Portuguese flags. Captain Colnett was given overall command of both ships as well as Douglas's "Iphigenia" and Funter's "North West America", which were now owned by the Associated Merchants company. Until they learned about the new situation, Douglas and Funter continued to fly Portuguese flags in Nootka Sound.
When the "North West America" was ready for sea again Funter set out on a trading voyage to the north, departing on 28 April 1789. Two days later Gray left with the "Lady Washington". Thus the only ships in Nootka Sound were Douglas's "Iphigenia" and Kendrick's "Columbia" when on May 6 the Spanish warship "Princesa", under Esteban José Martínez, entered the harbor. Martínez had been sent by the viceroy of New Spain, Manuel Antonio Flores, to take control of Nootka Sound and assert Spain's claim to the Northwest Coast.
At first Martínez, Douglas, and Kendrick established cordial relations. But with the arrival of the 16 gun "San Carlos" under Gonzalo López de Haro on May 12 Martínez's attitude changed. He arrested Douglas and his Portuguese "capitan de ruse" Viana. The "Iphigenia" was seized and Spanish colors hoisted. The crew was taken to the two Spanish warships and the ship was emptied of supplies, cannons, trade goods, charts, and essentially all removable objects. Martínez charged that the ship was violating Spanish sovereignty and had illegally entered Spanish territory. He claimed that the ship's papers directed the "Iphigenia" to seize any English, Russian, or Spanish ships found on the Northwest Coast and take them to Macau for piracy. Douglas responded by saying the papers had been misinterpreted. They were in Portuguese, which neither Douglas nor Martínez could read. But Martínez said his interpreters, Spanish-speaking padres, had translated the papers correctly.
Held captive on the "Princesa", Douglas managed to send a message to the native chief Maquinna, asking that he warn Meares's "Felice" and Funter's "North West America" should either appear. Maquinna offered to help Douglas escape in a canoe, but the captain decided not to attempt it.
Martínez put his men to work building Fort San Miguel at the entrance to Nootka Sound. He ceremonially claimed Nootka Sound for the Spanish Empire while the British and American crews watched. Preparations were made for taking the captive British and the "Iphigenia" to San Blas, Mexico, New Spain's Pacific naval headquarters. The "Iphigenia" was careened and the Spaniards spent considerable time and effort repairing and refitting the ship in preparation for the voyage to San Blas. Martínez did not have enough men of his own to spare and had planned to have Douglas's crew, under Spanish officers, sail the "Iphigenia" to San Blas. However, Douglas's British and Asian crew refused to cooperate with the Spanish. On May 22, the day when they were supposed to depart, Martínez suddenly changed course, saying his interpreters had read the papers again and found them quite acceptable. Martínez dropped the charges against Douglas and released the "Iphigenia" and its crew. He did, however, make Douglas sign a paper stating that the British had been well treated. He also said that if the Viceroy Flores later ruled that it had been valid to seize the "Iphigenia", then the firm of the Portuguese merchant Carvalho would have to pay a proper forfeit.
Although Martínez was suspicious, Douglas convinced him that his only desire was to sail to China. Martínez supplied Douglas with what he thought was a minimal amount of equipment, food, and other supplies for a direct voyage to Macau via Hawaii. Douglas promised both the Spanish and the Americans that he had no intention of remaining on the Northwest Coast to collect furs. On June 1 he was allowed to depart. By the late afternoon the "Iphigenia", flying Portuguese colors, was sailing southwest from Nootka Sound, as though headed for Hawaii. At midnight, however, Douglas ordered the ship to change course and head north. He knew that Martínez was not ready to send the "San Carlos" north to patrol the coast, and he did not think Kendrick would be allowed to leave until the "San Carlos" was ready. Douglas wrote "the interval was therefore mine". He did not have enough furs to turn a profit in China and "my people had been accustomed to short allowances". So he went north to collect more sea otter furs.
Douglas hoped he might encounter Funter and the "North West America", but they missed each other. On June 8 Funter entered Nootka Sound and found it occupied by Martínez. In a series of events similar to what had happened to Douglas and the "Iphigenia", Funter and his crew were soon arrested and the "North West America" seized. Martínez wanted to hold the "North West America" as security for payments for the repairs and supplies he had given to the "Iphigenia". The "North West America" was never returned to the British, it became a Spanish ship, renamed the "Santa Gertrudis la Magna" and, later, "Santa Saturnina". The small vessel was used by the Spanish for several exploration voyages, including José María Narváez's discovery and exploration of the Strait of Georgia in 1791.
After changing course on June 2 Douglas took the "Iphigenia" north to the area he had traded in the year before—Hecate Strait, Dixon Entrance, the Alexander Archipelago, and Haida Gwaii (the Queen Charlotte Islands), trading with the natives for sea otter furs. On the north coast of Graham Island Douglas stopped at the village of the Haida chief "Blakow-Coneehaw". Upon arrival the chief, who had met Douglas the year before, came aboard while 200 villagers sang songs. Blakow-Coneehaw honored Douglas by "exchanging names". Despite some tension and dangerous incidents between the Haida and the crew of the "Iphigenia", Douglas and Coneehaw departed on very friendly terms. On June 23 Douglas took the "Iphigenia" to "Tartanee", which Douglas described as a populous Haida village of "great wooden images". For several days the crew traded with the Haida, during which time Douglas noted a garden that had probably been planted by the American Robert Gray. Douglas assisted by planting beans. By late June the "Iphigenia" was completely out of trade goods and all other items desired by the Haida, such as clothes, pots, kettles, and metal items in general. Most of Douglas's trade goods had been seized by Martínez at Nootka Sound. Nonetheless when the "Iphigenia" reached the open ocean on 28 June 1789 Douglas had 760 prime sea otter skins in the hold—far more than the 60-70 he had when leaving Nootka Sound a month before.
Douglas set sail for Hawaii, unaware that during the month since he left Nootka Sound two other ships of the Associated Merchants, the "North West America" and "Princess Royal", had been detained by Martínez at Nootka Sound, and within a week James Colnett and the "Argonaut" would also be seized, triggering the international incident known as the Nootka Crisis.
The "Iphigenia" arrived at Kealakekua Bay in Hawaii on July 20, where the Hawaiians attempted to capture the ship, probably with Kamehameha's approval. By July 28 the "Iphigenia" was anchored at Waikiki on Oahu. Completely out of articles of trade the crew began cutting up rudder chains to exchange for provisions. After cruising to other islands and stocking up on fresh water and yams, Douglas had the "Iphigenia" set sail for China on August 10. The voyage to Macau was uneventful and the "Iphigenia" arrived on 5 October 1789.
In Macau Douglas met with Meares and gave him his first report about the clash with the Spaniards in Nootka Sound. It was an incomplete report because the "Iphigenia" had left before the other British ships had arrived and been seized. Nonetheless, Douglas's report helped set Britain on the course toward an international crisis. Not long after Douglas reached Macau the American ship "Columbia" arrived, under Robert Gray, who brought an account of the later events of the Nootka Crisis.
Captain of the "Grace".
The Nootka Crisis effectively ended Meares's and the Associated Merchants fur trading ventures. Meares returned to England. Douglas, however, continued to work in the maritime fur trade but with American rather than British partners. In the spring of 1790, in Macau, Douglas left Meares's Associated Merchants company and joined with an American venture. He was given command of the "Grace", a schooner from New York. The American fur trader John Kendrick was having some difficulties in Macau and was unable to leave. He approached Douglas for assistance and the two captains arranged to work with each other. Kendrick's first mate, Davis Coolidge, joined Douglas as first officer of the "Grace", and Douglas agreed to pick up some men Kendrick had left in Hawaii to gather sandalwood.
During the summer of 1790 Douglas took the "Grace" to the Pacific Northwest Coast to trade for furs. On the way back to Macau he stopped in Hawaii and picked up Kendrick's cargo of sandalwood and the two men who had been left to collect it. Douglas found that warfare was intensifying in Hawaii and the islands were becoming more dangerous. The maritime fur trader Simon Metcalfe had massacred hundreds of Native Hawaiians at Olowalu. In a separate event his son, Thomas Metcalfe had been killed along with all but one of his crew, and his schooner, the "Fair American", had been captured.
When Douglas reached China he took the "Grace" up the Pearl River to Guangzhou (Canton) and sold a rich cargo of furs. Then he sailed back down the river to join up with Kendrick, who had been working on the "Lady Washington" in Dirty Butter Bay near Macau. Kendrick had remade the "Washington" into a heavily armed two-masted brig or brigantine. The work had drained Kendrick's funds. The sandalwood shipment Douglas brought turned out to be a type low in aromatic oils and therefore not worth very much. To help Kendrick with provisioning and buying trade goods Douglas lent him $2,320.
Kendrick was planning to return to the Pacific Northwest Coast by way of Japan. At the time Japan's policy of "sakoku" strictly limited foreign trade. Meares and company had intended to attempt to open British trade with Japan, but the Nootka Crisis had put an end to that. Douglas agreed to join Kendrick in the venture, but he leaked word of the plan to the British. An officer of the Royal Navy who was in Macau sent word to London and the British court launched new efforts toward opening trade with Japan, but not before Kendrick and Douglas made their attempt.
Just before Douglas and Kendrick left Macau, in the spring of 1791, China declared a complete embargo on the trade in sea otter furs, due to a war between China and Russia. This further justified the risk of trying to open the sea otter fur trade with Japan.
As the two ships approached Japan they were caught in a storm and swept toward the Kii Peninsula by the Kuroshio Current. Seeking shelter they entered the channel between the village of Koza on the mainland and the island Kii Ōshima, then moved into a protected bay behind the island, near the fishing village of Kushimoto. The village headman, Kichigo, sent a message to the daimyo at Wakayama Castle, as did the headman of Koza village. After the storm passed a few villagers approached the ships, despite the law forbidding contact with foreigners. Kendrick invited them on board the "Washington" and a few did. Some of the Chinese crewmen were able to communicate via written notes. They said they had been driven to port by the storm and would not stay more than three to five days, but also that they carried trade goods, especially sea otter furs. Kendrick and Douglas soon discovered that the Japanese had no interest in sea otter fur and regarding the wearing of fur as barbaric. The persistent rumor that there was a rich, untapped fur market in Japan proved false. The villagers dissuaded Kendrick and Douglas from visiting Osaka, saying they would be arrested and their ships confiscated.
When the daimyo at Wakayama Castle received the messages about the ships, a few days after they arrived, he mobilized his troops. Kendrick and Douglas, perhaps having heard about the troops, left on May 17, about ten days after they had arrived. The troops arrived two days later. In the aftermath Japan established a new system of alarms and patrols for coastal villages.
A few days after leaving the Kii Peninsula Douglas and Kendrick found a group of islands they named the Water Islands. They decided to separate at that point. Both ships made for the Pacific Northwest Coast.
Douglas sailed the "Grace" to Haida Gwaii (the Queen Charlotte Islands) and apparently secured a fair number of sea otter skins. At the end of the 1791 trading season Douglas returned to China but died during the voyage. R.D. Coolidge replaced him as captain of the "Grace".
Legacy.
Iphigenia Bay, in Alaska, is named for Douglas's ship, as is Iphigenia Point in British Columbia. In Haida Gwaii (the Queen Charlotte Islands), Coneehaw Rock is named for a Haida chief with whom Douglas traded and exchanged names. Douglas Rock is located nearby.
Dixon Entrance, between British Columbia and Alaska, was given the name Douglass Entrance by Meares.

</doc>
<doc id="36644952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644952" title="Alexis Pritchard">
Alexis Pritchard

Alexis Pritchard (born 24 September 1983) is a South-African born New Zealand boxer. On 5 August 2012 she became the first New Zealand woman to win an Olympic bout when she beat Tunisia's Rim Jouini in the Round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="36644953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644953" title="Lollapuzzoola">
Lollapuzzoola

Lollapuzzoola is a crossword-solving tournament held annually on a Saturday in August. Founded in 2008 by Brian Cimmet and Ryan Hecht, it is the second-largest crossword tournament held in the United States. There were over 175 contestants at the tournament in 2013, and over 500 contestants including those playing from home. Lollapuzzoola 6 was held on August 10, 2013. The term "Lollapuzzoola" was coined by Amanda Yesnowitz, derived from the Lollapalooza music festival.
In 2011, celebrated crossword constructor and editor Patrick Blindauer replaced Ryan Hecht as cohost of Lollapuzzoola.
For the first three years, Lollapuzzoola was held at the First Methodist Church in Jackson Heights, New York, but owing to its increasing popularity, in 2011 the tournament moved to the larger, air-conditioned, and more centrally located All Souls Church in New York, New York.
Lollapuzzoola traditionally opens with a non-crossword social mixer game to get everyone chatting and friendly with one another. The entire day is a combination of puzzles, camaraderie, and all-around goofiness.
Puzzles are constructed by major contributors to the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, the Washington Post, and the Onion, among other publications. They have included: Brian Cimmet, Dan Feyer, Doug Peterson, Mike Nothnagel, Brendan Emmett Quigley, Barry C. Silk, Ashish Vengsarkar, Peter Gordon, Tony Orbach, Elizabeth C. Gorski, Karen M. Tracey, Byron Walden, Andrea Carla Michaels, Deb Amlen, Matt Gaffney, Joe Krozel, Neville Fogarty, Patrick Blindauer, Joon Pahk, Aimee Lucido, Zoe Wheeler, Kevin Der, and Tyler Hinman.
Lollapuzzoola, and Lollapuzzoola's original founders Brian Cimmet and Ryan Hecht are discussed in David Astle's book, "Puzzled." Brian was also the subject of a lengthy interview on PuzzlePile.com in 2013.
Participants and divisions.
Anyone can participate. There are two skill divisions, a rookie division, a pairs division, and for those who can't attend in person, an at-home division. Prizes are awarded in all divisions, with trophies and cash/gift certificate prizes for the top winners in the two skill divisions. For the purposes of prizes contestants compete simultaneously in all divisions for which they are eligible, with no more than one cash prize per contestant.
Format.
The tournament consists of five rounds, each featuring a puzzle that all competitors solve. There are three rounds in the morning and two in the early afternoon. Puzzles vary in size and difficulty from round to round. The puzzles are commissioned by the tournament directors from the top constructors in crosswords, with the fourth puzzle the hardest of the set. The puzzles vary in size, shape, and difficulty, although traditionally the first puzzle is a relatively easy 15x15 grid. The puzzles are always themed, and frequently themed in off-center, wacky ways not commonly seen in newspaper-published crosswords. For example, puzzles have included a "Name That Tune" gimmick; a post-solve Twister game; a puzzle that instructs the solver to eat a Chips Ahoy cookie upon completion; a puzzle that required the entire room of solvers to make noises from their chairs, and thus perform an impromptu rendition of John Cage's "Four Minutes, Thirty-Three Seconds". Tournament judges score the solved puzzles on accuracy and speed.
After these five rounds, the top three solvers in the two skill divisions progress to the final round, which consists of solving a very difficult crossword on an oversize grid on a stage at the front of the tournament room. The competitors in this round wear noise-blocking headphones. The solvers hold a sheet of clues and write their answers on the grid with a dry-erase marker for all to see. Accuracy and speed are important as the competitors are ranked by fewest mistakes, then time. The winner of this round is declared the tournament champion. The top three competitors in the Express and Local divisions compete on the same puzzle, though with different sets of clues, for their division titles.
Tournament history.
From 2008-2010, Lollapuzzoola was held in Jackson Heights, NY. Since 2011, it has been held in New York City, NY.
Twice during Lollapuzzoola's history, puzzles commissioned for the tournament were later purchased and published in the New York Times by crossword editor Will Shortz. On Saturday, September 5, 2009, Mike Nothnagel's final puzzle from Lollapuzzoola 2 was published in the New York Times (see XWordInfo.com page). On Saturday, August 20, 2011, Byron Walden's final puzzle from Lollapuzzoola 4 was published (see XWordInfo.com page). In both cases, an additional block of text was added to the puzzle to tell solvers around the globe that this puzzle had appeared in a national tournament, who the winner was, and how fast he had solved the puzzle. In the case of Mr. Walden's puzzle, the byline was extended to include "edited by Brian Cimmet and Patrick Blindauer", the first and only known instance of an editor besides Will Shortz since Mr. Shortz began working for the New York Times.
Past Champions.
As of 2012, there has been one multiple winner: Jeffrey Harris. Traditionally past champions return in subsequent years as judges and/or constructors.

</doc>
<doc id="36644955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644955" title="Hans Weinreich">
Hans Weinreich

Hans Weinreich (1480/1490 – 1566) was a publisher and printer of German and Polish language books in the first half of the sixteenth century. Weinreich was originally from Danzig (Gdańsk) in Royal Prussia, Kingdom of Poland, and then moved to Königsberg (Królewiec) in Ducal Prussia at the invitation of Albert of Prussia.
Biography.
Weinreich was most likely born in Danzig sometime between 1480 and 1490, to a well-to-do family. His grandfather shared his name and had four sons, of whom one was Hans' father.
Weinreich's printshop in Königsberg was supposedly located by the castle steps in the city's Old Town.
Printing activity.
Weinreich issued his first works in either 1512 or 1513 and moved to Königsberg in 1524. In 1524 he began issuing works in Polish. In 1530 Weinreich published the first translation of Luther's Small Catechism made by an anonymous author. However, the language of the translation was poor, and in 1533 Weinreich printed a second edition made by the Polish philologist Liboriusz Schadlika. Weinreich also issued several works by the Polish Lutheran theologian and translator Jan Seklucjan, although some of these were actually translations done by Stanisław Murzynowski. The published works were translations into Polish of the New Testament and the Catechism, as well as literature and song books. Seklucjan's works printed by Weinreich included the first Polish language hymnal.
Weinreich also printed the first Lithuanian language and Old Prussian language books while in Königsberg, with the former being a translation of Martin Luther's Catechism by Martynas Mažvydas. The first print run of Mažvydas' work numbered between 200 and 300, although only one known copy has survived.
Between 1524 and 1553 Weinreich printed one hundred and three works, of which fifty-nine were in German, twenty-seven in Latin, thirteen in Polish and four in either Prussian or Lithuanian.

</doc>
<doc id="36644957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644957" title="Péter Módos">
Péter Módos

Péter Módos (born 17 December 1987 in Szigetvár) is a Hungarian wrestler. He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Greco-Roman men's 55 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36644992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644992" title="Pajkež">
Pajkež

Pajkež (; also "Zgornja Blaževica", ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Dobindol.
Name.
The name "Pajkež" is believed to derive from the surname "Pajek." The alternative Slovene name of the settlement, "Zgornja Blaževica", semantically corresponds to the German name "Oberblaschowitz", both literally meaning 'upper Blaževica/Blaschowitz'. The epithet 'upper' distinguished the village from neighboring (Spodnja) Blaževica (), literally 'lower Blaževica/Blaschowitz'.
History.
Pajkež was a Gottschee German village. It was not mentioned in the land registry of 1574 and presumably had not yet been founded by that date. In the cadastral survey carried out under Emperor Francis I from 1818 to 1827, the village had three families living in two houses. It reached its peak of population in 1890, when there were 27 people living in five houses. There was a sharp decrease in the population between 1921 and 1931, when the number of residents fell from 26 to only nine. The village had an exclusively German-speaking population before the Second World War. The population was evicted on 22 December 1941, departing via the train station in Semič. The village was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and was never rebuilt. A hunting lodge was built at the site of the former village in 1962. In more recent times, archery competitions have been organized at the site.
Cultural heritage.
Old maps of the village mark two shrines: one stood 200 m to the north of the settlement, on the road to the hamlet of Pleš in Dobindol, and the other stood 700 m to the southeast, along the road to the hamlet of Seč in Travni Dol. A plantation of 88 trees was planted at the site in 1982 to mark the 88 years of the life of Josip Broz Tito and a commemorative plaque installed. A plaque was also installed on the hunting lodge in 1982, commemorating a Partisan radio station that operated at the site in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36645009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645009" title="Corsican hare">
Corsican hare

The Corsican hare ("Lepus corsicanus"), also known as the Apennine hare or Italian hare, is a species of hare found in southern and central Italy and Corsica.
Taxonomy.
It was first described as a species in 1898 by British zoologist William Edward de Winton using specimens from Corsica. It was later regarded as a subspecies of the European hare ("L. europaeus") or both were treated as subspecies of the Cape Hare ("L. capensis"). It is now often treated as a full species as it does not appear to hybridize with the European hare where their ranges overlap and studies of mitochondrial DNA suggest that it belongs to a distinct lineage which differentiated in isolated refuges during the last glacial period.
Description.
It is similar to the European hare in appearance, being largely brown with a cream-coloured belly. It differs in having grey rather than white bases to the hairs of the underfur. It is smaller on average than the European Hare with a head and body length of 44.1—61.2 cm, a tail length of 6.6—11.2 cm and a weight of 1.8—3.8 kg. The ears and hind legs are relatively longer, 9—12.6 cm and 11.4—13.5 cm respectively.
Distribution and habitat.
It is found in maquis shrubland, grassland, cultivated areas and dunes. It is common and widespread on Sicily where it occurs from sea-level up to 2400 metres on Mount Etna. On mainland Italy, its range is more fragmented, extending patchily north to Tuscany on the west coast and Foggia on the east coast. It was introduced to Corsica by man, probably between the 14th and 17th centuries, and is currently rare there with only a few recent records.
Status and conservation.
Its population appears to be declining and it is classified as "Vulnerable" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). It is threatened by habitat loss, hunting and competition with European Rabbits and introduced populations of European Hares. It is now protected from hunting but the similarity between this species and the European Hare makes protection difficult to enforce.

</doc>
<doc id="36645010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645010" title="Mingiyan Semenov">
Mingiyan Semenov

Mingiyan Semenov (born 11 June 1990 in Komsomolsky, Kalmykia) is a Russian wrestler. He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Greco-Roman men's 55 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36645032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645032" title="Curiosity (rover)">
Curiosity (rover)


</doc>
<doc id="36645042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645042" title="Colegio Preciosa Sangre (Purranque)">
Colegio Preciosa Sangre (Purranque)

Colegio Preciosa Sangre () is a Chilean primary and secondary school located in Purranque, Los Lagos Region, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="36645074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645074" title="Abel Seyler">
Abel Seyler

Abel Seyler (23 August 1730, Liestal – 25 April 1801, Rellingen) was a Hamburg businessman of Swiss origin, a promoter of the theatre and opera and later a theatre director, as well as an actor and an active participant in the Sturm und Drang artistic period. He was "the leading patron of German theatre" in his lifetime; he is credited with introducing Shakespeare to a German language audience, and with promoting the concept of a national theatre in the tradition of Ludvig Holberg, the "Sturm und Drang" playwrights, and German opera.
The son of a Basel priest and a member of the Basel patriciate on his mother's side, Seyler came to Northern Germany where he became a wealthy businessman in Hamburg. His great passion was the theatre, and after investing much of his fortune in the Hamburgische Entreprise (whose dramaturge was Lessing), he would himself become a theatre director and actor. In 1769, he founded the Seyler theatrical company ("Seylersche Schauspiel-Gesellschaft"), that became one of the most famous theatre companies of Europe during the period 1769–79. Like Lessing, Goethe and many of his collaborators, Seyler was a freemason, having joined freemasonry in London in 1753. He was a member of the Absalom lodge in Hamburg.
He commissioned works such as "Sturm und Drang" by Klinger (which gave its name to the era), "Ariadne auf Naxos" by Benda and "Alceste" by Schweitzer.
Abel Seyler was the husband of actress and playwright Friederike Sophie Seyler (in his second marriage), Germany's leading actress of the era and the author of "Hüon und Amande" that inspired "The Magic Flute". He was the father of Ludwig Erdwin Seyler, who became head and co-owner of Berenberg Bank and who married into the Hanseatic Berenberg-Gossler banking dynasty. He was the brother-in-law of natural scientist J. G. R. Andreae and the father-in-law of poet Johann Anton Leisewitz, the author of "Julius von Tarent".
Biography.
Seyler & Tillemann.
Seyler initially established himself as a wealthy businessman in Hamburg. With his business associate Johann Martin Tillemann, he founded the bank "Seyler & Tillemann", which speculated heavily on currency debasement during the Seven Years' War. The company went bankrupt in what was termed a "malicious bankruptcy" with 3 million Mark Banco in debts, but Seyler and Tillemann were able to retain some of their fortunes. Despite suffering "a sensational bankruptcy for an enormous sum [...] neither of them had lost his good humour or his taste for light living."
Theatre.
Subsequently, Seyler devoted himself to theatre. He was the main financial backer and owner of the Hamburg National Theatre (the Hamburgische Entreprise) venture in 1767, the first attempt to establish a national theatre in Germany. Its dramaturge was Gotthold Ephraim Lessing and its artistic director was Friedrich Ludwig Schröder. Lessing's work led to his "Hamburgische Dramaturgie". The venture would almost bankrupt Seyler, and the theatre had to close after two years. He then, in 1769, founded the famed Seyler theatrical company, attracting some of the most famous actors of Germany. The Seyler company comprised around 60 members, including an orchestra, a ballet, house dramatists and set designers. The Hanoverian court contracted him in 1769 with performing at Hanover and other cities of the kingdom, appointing him "Director of the Royal and Electoral German Court Actors". In 1771 the Seyler company was invited to Weimar by Duchess Anna Amalia of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, where they performed at the Weimar Schlosstheater until the 1774 fire. They were generously paid and performed three times a week for select guests at the court. A patron of the arts, Duchess Anna Amalia invited many of the most eminent men in Germany to Weimar, including Herder, Goethe and Schiller. After the Weimar palace burned down, the Seyler company performed in Gotha and Leipzig. In 1776, Seyler opened a new summer theatre in Dresden, and from 1779 to 1781 he was director of the Mannheim national theatre. From 1783 to 1787 he was director of the Schleswig Hoftheater. In 1792 he retired with a pension from his acquaintance Prince Charles of Hesse-Kassel.
Friedrich Maximilian Klinger (Goethe's childhood friend) was employed by the Seyler company as a playwright for two years and Klinger's play "Sturm und Drang" was first performed by the Seyler company in 1777. The opera "Alceste", composed by Anton Schweitzer with a libretto by Christoph Martin Wieland, was written on the behest of Seyler and was first performed by the Seyler company on 28 May 1773. In 1774, Seyler arrived in Gotha and commissioned Georg Anton Benda to write several successful melodramas, including "Ariadne auf Naxos", "Medea" and "Pygmalion". At its debut in 1775, the opera "Ariadne auf Naxos" received enthusiastic reviews in Germany and afterwards, in the whole of Europe, with music critics calling attention to its originality, sweetness, and ingenious execution. It is widely considered Benda's best work, and inspired Mozart.
He died on the estate of actor Friedrich Ludwig Schröder in Rellingen.
Family.
Abel Seyler was the son of a Swiss Calvinist clergyman, Dr.theol. Abel Seyler (Seiler) (the elder) (1684–1767), who was parish priest of Frenkendorf-Munzach in Liestal, Basel, from 1714 to 1763, and Anna Katharina Burckhardt (1694–1773), who belonged to the Basel patrician Burckhardt family. He was descended on both his parents' sides from some of the most prominent families of Basel. He was a paternal grandson of the noted theologian Friedrich Seyler and Elisabeth Socin, a member of an Italian-origined noble family. He was named for his great-grandfather, the Basel judge and envoy to the French court Abel Socin (1632–1695). On his mother's side he was descended notably from the Burkhardt, Merian and Faesch families. He had a sister, Elisabeth Seiler (1715–1798), married to parish priest Daniel Merian.
He was married in his first marriage to Sophie Elisabeth Andreae (1730–1764), the daughter of the wealthy Hanover court pharmacist Leopold Andreae (1686–1730), the owner of the Andreae & Co. pharmacy. Sophie Elisabeth Andreae was a sister of the renowned natural scientist and court pharmacist Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae. They had two sons and a daughter. Following the death of his first wife in 1764, the children were raised by their uncle in Hanover. In 1772, Seyler married his long-time mistress Sophie Friederike Hensel (died 1789), Germany's most famous actress of the late 18th century.
His daughter "Sophie" Marie Katharina Seyler (1762–1833) was married (1781) to poet Johann Anton Leisewitz. His son was Hamburg merchant Ludwig Erdwin Seyler (1758–1836), a co-owner (since 1788) of the bank Joh. Berenberg, Goßler & Co., who married Anna Henriette Gossler (1771–1836), the eldest daughter of the bank's owner, Johann Hinrich Gossler (1738–90) and Elisabeth Berenberg (the last member of the Dutch banking family that established the bank in 1590). Abel Seyler's granddaughter Sophie Henriette Elisabeth (Betty) Seyler (1789–1837) was married to Hamburg businessman Gerhard von Hosstrup, who founded the Hamburger Börsenhalle (stock exchange building) in 1804. Their son Egmont von Hosstrup was a publisher, theatre director and head of the Hamburger Börsenhalle, and their daughter Bertha von Hosstrup married legal scholar and liberal politician Albert Hänel. Abel Seyler's granddaughter Louise Seyler (1799–1849) was married to ship broker Ernst Friedrich Pinckernelle (1787–1868), whose sons founded the G. & J. E. Pinckernelle insurance broker firm. His granddaughter Henriette Seyler (1805–1875) married Norwegian industrialist Benjamin Wegner (1795–1864).
Miscellaneous.
Seyler was a godfather of Jacob Herzfeld (born 1763), who later became known as the first Jewish stage actor in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36645088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645088" title="Preciosa Sangre (disambiguation)">
Preciosa Sangre (disambiguation)

Preciosa Sangre (English for "Precious Blood") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36645091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645091" title="Anatolian Ringbeater">
Anatolian Ringbeater

The Anatolian Ringbeater is a breed of fancy pigeon. Anatolian Ringbeaters, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645109" title="Ancient Tumbler">
Ancient Tumbler

The Ancient Tumbler is a breed of fancy pigeon. Ancient Tumblers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645116" title="Belgian Ringbeater">
Belgian Ringbeater

The Belgian Ringbeater is a breed of fancy pigeon. Belgian Ringbeaters, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645123" title="California Historical Landmarks in Los Angeles County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Los Angeles County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks in Los Angeles County, Southern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36645132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645132" title="Bursa Tumbler">
Bursa Tumbler

The Bursa (Pigeon) is a breed of fancy pigeon. Bursa Pigeons, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645146" title="Bohemian Fairy Swallow">
Bohemian Fairy Swallow

The Bohemian Fairy Swallow is a breed of fancy pigeon. Bohemian Fairy Swallows, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645153" title="Bijeljina Roller">
Bijeljina Roller

The Bijeljina Roller is a breed of fancy pigeon. Bijeljina Rollers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645164" title="Cauchois pigeon">
Cauchois pigeon

The Cauchois (pigeon) is a breed of fancy pigeon. Cauchois pigeons, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645168" title="Emin Ahmadov">
Emin Ahmadov

Emin Ahmadov (born 6 October 1986) is an Azerbaijani wrestler. He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Greco-Roman men's 74 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36645173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645173" title="List of compositions by Michael Finnissy">
List of compositions by Michael Finnissy

The following is a list of compositions by Michael Finnissy.

</doc>
<doc id="36645177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645177" title="Sandwich Community High School">
Sandwich Community High School

Sandwich Community High School is a public four-year secondary education school located in Sandwich, Illinois, United States. The high school is part of Sandwich Community Unit School District 430. The school is a member of the Interstate Eight Conference, and the school participates in Baseball, Softball, Volleyball, Cross Country, Soccer, Golf, Boys/Girls Basketball, Wrestling, Boys/Girls Track & Field, Fishing, Swimming and Diving, Doing It, Scholastic Bowl, and all music-related competitions. The high school is currently a class 4A school in Football, while competing as class A or B in other events due to its enrollment size. The school has a widely respected and very highly regarded music program which has won many state, national, and international awards. The Cross Country and Wrestling teams from Sandwich have received much respect and many titles, with wrestling winning four state championships and Cross Country sending both teams and individuals to playoffs since 1990.
History.
School was initially held at Herman E. Dummer School, which at that time served as the high school until the class sizes grew too big for the school. The new high school was opened in 1967, and the facility on Lions Road is still used to this day for the high school. With the help of a few referendums, the school has added on and grown a few times since the initial construction, with the last phase of addition having been in the summer of 2007 with the addition of two portable classrooms onto the site to allow for more classes to be held. The school district currently has purchased land near the intersection of E. Lions Road and N. Millington Road, with the intent to build a new high school, but when that will be is still undetermined.
Athletics.
Sandwich currently competes as part of the Interstate Eight Conference, with its inclusion into the conference having been in 1979. Before that, Sandwich was part of the Little Ten Conference, of which it was one of the schools included during the conference's creation. Sandwich had received regular-season basketball championships in the conference in 1920, 1927, and 1937. In 1967, Sandwich and Plano High School both left to form the Northeast Conference, which later became the Interstate Eight Conference. Sandwich won four state titles for wrestling in 1991, 1997, 1999, and 2001. The Cross Country and Track & Field programs at the school are normally perennial qualifiers for postseason competition, but as of this time, there is no state title.
The War of The Line.
Sandwich and neighboring Plano have had a contentious history, not only due to them sharing a common border, but they also reside along the DeKalb-Kendall County Line, which sits only about a mile away from Sandwich High School. Both schools were charter members of the Little Ten Conference, which tied them together as far back as 1919. Sandwich also followed Plano's departure from the conference in 1967, so it is fair to say that both are tied to the other's history. The rivalry game, which was played during the Sandwich Fair, on the Friday or 3rd Day of the Fair. This was the case until 2006, when the conference added four more schools into the then eight member conference, resulting in a conference divisional split and the schools being placed in opposite divisions based on size. It was then decided that the game would be moved back later into the season to accommodate more teams. However, Plano grew in size, and was allowed to replace one of the smaller schools in the other division, and both schools were together once again. It is still unclear if the game will be moved back to its normal day, but both teams continue to play against each other.
Activities.
Sandwich has approximately 20 clubs and organizations:
Music Program.
Sandwich has had a long and storied history with music, and the music program at Sandwich is widely known and respected. The bands and choirs have performed in multiple states, and some provinces in Canada. The bands have been invited to, and attended the 54th, 55th, 56th, and 57th Presidential Inaugurations and performed at the corresponding Presidential Inaugural Festival at the University of Maryland in College Park, MD. During the 2005 Inaugural Festival, not only did the band receive a Silver ranking, but the band received the "Spirit of Washington" award, which honored bands for their courteous nature. Unknown to all participating bands, judges had been staying at the hotel, critiquing the behavior and courtesy shown by the band members. The competitive marching band, the Renegade Regiment, has received multiple championships in class A and AA, and they have been in the top three in the open class many times while competing. In 2006, the Renegade Regiment played during the Calgary Stampede in the World Indoor Marching Band Championships, which were held at the Scotiabank Saddledome in Calgary. The band received 5th Place, and had the honorary title of being the 5th best band in the world. The bands and choirs are also involved in the Illinois Music Educators Association (IMEA) Festivals, IHSA music sweepstakes, and the Interstate Eight Band/Choir Festival, just to name a few.
Wind Ensemble.
This band is open to students through chair auditions, which also determine placement within the respective sections. This band has been in existence since 2006, when it was split from the Concert Band due to size constraints of the room being used for practice. The Wind Ensemble is regarded as the "Honor Band", while the Concert Band is for anybody that takes the Concert Band class. The 2008-2009 Wind Ensemble was in participation in the 2009 Inaugural Festival, while members of the 2006-2008 Wind Ensemble were participants in the 2005 Inaugural Festival.
Concert Band.
Open to all without a need for tryout, aside to judge placement within the section, the Concert Band is the larger of the two bands, and it, along with the Wind Ensemble comprise all the students who participate in other Music program events and activities.
Jazz Band.
The Jazz Band is open to students who wish to play jazz/blues pieces, or for those who wish to learn a new instrument in the process. Jazz I is for beginner students, or students inexperienced in either playing a new instrument or in playing in the Jazz Band. Jazz II is for more experienced students, and entrance into it is through tryout. The Jazz Band has played in multiple places throughout the country, with a trip to Kansas City in 2007 having been the most recent.
Pep Band.
The Pep Band is a band that plays during the Basketball season, ranging from November until January. The band does not require a tryout, and the band is more of a 'fun' band than its more serious counterparts in the department.
Marching Indians.
The Marching Indians is a band that until recently, was mandatory for students to take part in, so that the band classes would satisfy the Phys. Ed. exemption requirement for the school. The band is now voluntary, with some component of it still mandatory for students. The band does field drills during halftime, and it plays in the endzone during football games in the fall.
Renegade Regiment.
The Renegade Regiment is the competitive marching band for Sandwich High School, and it is not only award-winning, but it has had a long life in the MACBDA marching band circuit. The Renegade Regiment, or 'Regiment' for short, was started by SHS tenured band director, Terry Wickwire, who was a former US Air Force musician. Wickwire was brought to Sandwich by the band director at nearby Plano High School, at whose urging helped to create the band. The band, started in the late 70's, has competed in numerous competitions during the summer and the fall. The band had a policy of allowing graduated Seniors to return for the summer half of the tour, and they were allowed to be part of the band. However, since the band had decided not to do a summer tour, the band does not enact that practice, and the tour is only limited to the fall. In the summer, the band would perform in southern Wisconsin, in places near and around Madison, along with doing a multitude of parades in the Western Suburbs of Chicago. The Regiment had a short-lived band competition, which was held at the high school for only a couple of years, but more emphasis was put on its fall counterpart. In the fall, the band would do competitions around the Chicago suburbs, and as an end to the Regiment season, the band would hold an invitational competition at the high school, known as Musicfest. The band has played in Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, South Dakota, Saskatchewan, Alberta, and Manitoba, just to name a few places. In 2006, when the band had won its second class AA title, and had received 5th Place at the World Indoor Marching Band Championships in Calgary, AB, CAN, the City of Sandwich decided to place a sign honoring the band's accomplishment of winning their first Class AA championship along US 34, which runs right through the city. The band has received at least two Class A titles, five consecutive Class AA titles, and they have received second and third at many shows while in the MACBDA circuit. The current director of the band, as well as being the director of the SHS Band portion of the Music Department, is Justin Heinekamp.
Summer Tour.
The band has performed in Harvard, Illinois, Dakota, Illinois, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin, Oregon, Wisconsin, Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, Greenfield, Wisconsin, Stoughton, Wisconsin, Janesville, Wisconsin, Kenosha, Wisconsin, Racine, Wisconsin, Northbrook, Illinois, Elmhurst, Illinois, Sandwich, North Judson, Indiana, Traverse City, Michigan, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Calgary, Alberta, Regina, Saskatchewan, and Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Fall Tour.
The band has performed in Dwight, Illinois, Palos Hills, Illinois, Marengo, Illinois, Sandwich, Lisle, Illinois, Prospect Heights, Illinois, Wheaton, Illinois, Macomb, Illinois, and Burlington, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="36645183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645183" title="Chistopolian High-flying pigeon">
Chistopolian High-flying pigeon

The Chistopolian High-flying Pigeon is a breed of fancy pigeon. Chistopolian High-flying Pigeons, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645184" title="James Cable">
James Cable

Major Sir James Eric Sydney Cable, KCVO, CMG, (15 November 1920 – 27 September 2001) was a British diplomat and naval strategic thinker. As an author, he became well known for a series of his works published between 1971 and 1994 about gunboat diplomacy. "The Telegraph" described him as "one of the most influential naval strategic thinkers of the last half-century". During the Second World War he served as an officer in the British Army.
Career.
Born in November 1920, Cable was the son of a member of the Consular Service. He was educated at Stowe School in Stowe, Buckinghamshire. After Stowe, Cable went to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge to read modern languages.
After graduating he was called up to the British Army in 1941 to serve in the Second World War. Following officer training he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Corps of Signals on 18 October 1942, and rose to the rank of major before joining the Diplomatic Service in 1947, his appointment was confirmed with effect from 18 November 1948, although he did not relinquish his army commission until 28 October 1953, when he was granted the honorary rank of major.
His position took him to Indonesia during the Independence War. Then, Cable went to Helsinki where he met his wife Viveca Hollmerus (1920 – 2004). After that, he left Helsinki for Budapest, he was expelled in 1959, as a reprisal for the expulsion of a Hungarian diplomat from London. Cable was then appointed Consul in Quito, Ecuador, on 28 July 1959. He subsequently served in the Middle-East and as head of the Foreign Office South-East Asia Department for two years. In the 1967 New Year Honours he was appointed Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George for his work as Counsellor at the British Embasssy in Beirut, Lebanon. In late 1960s, he published his maiden work, "British foreign policy and international relations". Then Cable took a year's sabbatical, during which he finished his second work, "Gunboat Diplomacy". He also received a doctorate that year. Cable became the head of the FCO's Planning Staff from 1971 to 1975, and was then briefly Assistant Under-Secretary of State, before returning to Helsinki as Ambassador from 1 October 1975 until his retirement in 1980. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order on 28 May 1976.
He continued to write after quitting the FCO, and published several works, including "The Political Influence of Naval Force in History" (1998), "The Royal Navy and the Siege of Bilbao" (1979), "Britain's Naval Future" (1983), "Diplomacy at Sea" (1985) and "Navies in Violent Peace" (1989). Cable died on 27 September 2001, aged 80. He is buried at the Parish of the Ascension Burial Ground in Cambridge. Cable and his wife, Viveca had a son.
Gunboat diplomacy.
Cable defined gunboat diplomacy as "the use or threat of limited naval force, otherwise than as an act of war, in order to secure advantage or to avert loss, either in the furtherance of an international dispute or else against foreign nationals within the territory or the jurisdiction of their own state". He divided the examples of gunboat diplomacy into four categories: definitive, purposeful, catalytic and expressive. All of them are tools of diplomacy. Cable start a revival of naval strategic thought, and had a great influence on Post-Cold War naval thinking, especially in United Kingdom and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36645192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645192" title="Coburg Lark">
Coburg Lark

The Coburg Lark is a breed of fancy pigeon. Coburg Larks, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645194" title="Aaron Gate">
Aaron Gate

Aaron Gate (born 26 November 1990) is a New Zealand racing cyclist. He won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the team pursuit event with teammates Sam Bewley, Marc Ryan, Jesse Sergent and Westley Gough. On 24 February 2013 in Belarus, Gate won the world championship title in the omnium event. 

</doc>
<doc id="36645205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645205" title="Cologne Tumbler">
Cologne Tumbler

The Cologne Tumbler is a breed of fancy pigeon. Cologne Tumblers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645214" title="Crested Soultz">
Crested Soultz

The Crested Soultz is a breed of fancy pigeon. Crested Soultz, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645226" title="Cumulet">
Cumulet

The Cumulet is a breed of fancy pigeon. Cumulet, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the rock pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645238" title="Danish Tumbler">
Danish Tumbler

The Danish Tumbler is a breed of fancy pigeon. Danish Tumblers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").
The Standard of the Danish Tumbler:
Figure:
Elegant, slender and rather strong with highly carried, full breast;
The neck: comparatively long. The throat well undercut;
The uppermost part of the neck slender and thin, evenly growing in thickness down towards breast and back;
The back: suitably broad-shouldered, in parade position sloping (ab. 50° with horizontal) down towards the narrow, not too long tail;
The wings shall be fit closely to the body, rest upon the tail and almost reach the tip of the tail without crossing each other;
The tail shall consist of 12 feathers, be narrow and tight fitting and must not reach the floor in parade position;
The legs shall be red, comparatively long, not coarse, not too close, slightly bent in the heel. The lower legs shall be comparatively long;
The plumage shall be thick and firm; the wing feathers strong;
The form of the head seen from the side, shall shape a regular evenly curved line, which without breaking or contraction at the root of the beak passes into the strongly set, slightly downwards turned, cone shaped beak;
The front of the head must not be too short; the back of the head shall be shortly rounded;
The head in front view, shall be wedge-shaped, without edges and contractions and evenly curved to the sides.
The beak: the upper mandible as well as the lower mandible shall be strongly set, evenly falling off in thickness from root to tip;
Too strongly pronounced "hook" (tip of the mandible) not desirable. The line through the corner of the mouth shall have direction towards the center of the eye;
The color of the beak shall be bright, lightly rose pink and without "grain". For blacks and blues, however, a not too strongly pronounced "grain" on the upper mandible is allowed;
The beak warts shall be prettily reddish-white and not coarse.
Seen from the side, the eyes must be lie in the middle of the head, be large, bright and vivacious with white (milky white) iris, absolutely free from red vein lets, very little circular, black pupil; narrow, lively and red eye rims.
The color: The black shall be deep with reddish metallic luster on the cheeks, neck and upper breast;
The red color shall be deep, with reddish metallic luster on cheeks, neck and upper breast;
The yellow color shall be bright, with faintly reddish silky metallic luster on neck and breast;
The blue color shall be deep and bright, with greenish metallic luster on neck and breast;
The pearl color (pearl blue) shall be light and bright mother-of-pearl color (silver white), with faintly greenish metallic luster on neck and breast.
The markings:
Self in black, white, red, yellow, blue barrless;
Self groused in black, white, red, yellow and blue barrless;
Barred in blue, red, yellow and pearl;
Barred grouse in blue and pearl;
Chequered in blue;
Magpie in black, red, yellow, blue and pearl;
Tigered in black, red, yellow, blue and pearl;
White flighted in black, red, yellow, blue and pearl;
White tailed in black, red, yellow, blue and pearl;
White flighted white tailed in black, red, yellow, blue and pearl;
Helmet in black, red, yellow, blue and pearl;
Stipper in grey, yellow and brown;
Groused Stipper in grey, yellow and brown;
Branders in dark and tigered;
White shield in red and yellow;
Colour shield in black.
Links for more information: 
http://www.danishtumbler.com/
http://www.danske-tumlinger.dk/
http://www.svdaenen.de/
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Danish-Tumbler-Friends/158318080998949

</doc>
<doc id="36645248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645248" title="Siege of Metz (1552)">
Siege of Metz (1552)

The Siege of Metz (1552-1553) was fought between Spain and France from October 31, 1552 to January 5, 1553. Emperor Charles V of Spain made the military attempt to forcibly regain the overlordship over Metz. However, his troops were defeated by the French army who defended Metz under the command of Francis, Duke of Guise. As a result, Metz remained in French hands.

</doc>
<doc id="36645251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645251" title="African Convention on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources">
African Convention on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources

The African Convention on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources is a continent-wide agreement signed in 1968. It supersedes the Convention Relative to the Preservation of Fauna and Flora in their Natural State of 1933 and has been superseded by the African Convention on Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (revised) signed in Maputo in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36645262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645262" title="Kaivalyadhama Health and Yoga Research Center">
Kaivalyadhama Health and Yoga Research Center

The Kaivalyadhama Health and Yoga Research Center (abbreviated Kdham) is a spiritual, therapeutic, and scientific research center with a specific aim to coordinate ancient yogic arts with modern science. Kdham is located in Lonavla, Maharashtra, India, with smaller branches elsewhere in India, France, and the United States.
Kdham performs scientific research and provides Ayurvedic healthcare and education. Kdham hosts approximately 250 students per year for its various courses. Students come from India and abroad, primarily from China, Japan, Korea, France, United States, and Canada.
Kdham is a public charitable trust which receives some funding from the Government of India.
History.
Kdham was established in 1924 by Swami Kuvalayananda in Lonavla, Maharashtra, India. Swami Kuvalayananda led the facility, which was primarily used to further his scientific research into the yogic arts, until his death in 1966.
Kdham publishes the quarterly Yoga Mimamsa journal, which Swami Kuvalayananda also founded in 1924.
In 1944, the Philosophico-Literary Research Department was created in order to explore the interpretation and translation of traditional yogic texts.
To help train others in the theoretical and practical aspects of yoga, the Gordhandhas Seksaria College Of Yoga and Cultural Synthesis was opened in 1951. The College was named after Gordhandas Seksaria, the father of donor Sheth Makhanlal Seksaria. Shri B. G. Kher, the then Chief Minister of Bombay State, formally inaugurated the college in October 1951. The first convocation was held in May 1953 where Shri H.V. Divetia, Vice-Chancellor of Gujarat University, delivered the convocational address.
In 1962, Kdham was declared an All India Institute of Higher Education by India's Ministry of Education.
In 2004, India's Human Resource Development Ministry affirmed it as a national resource center for the introduction of yoga in schools.
Facility.
Kdham sits on 170 acres of lush forest on the edge of Lonavla, Maharashtra, India. The campus consists of eight primary buildings which house its five departments: Scientific Research, Philosophical-Literary Research, Gordhandas Seksaria College of Yoga and Cultural Synthesis, Central Administration, and the Shrimati Amolak Devi Tirathram Gupta Yogic Hospital and Health Care Center. In addition, several buildings house students and visiting staff. Kdham can house up to 150 students at a time.
Two kitchens serve up daily Ayurvedic meals for students, faculty, and staff, often using locally-grown rice and on-site cows for milk. Meals are strictly vegetarian. A naturopathy center provides Ayurvedic spa-like treatments for patients and visitors. Extensive Ayurvedic gardens provide many of the naturopathic remedies. Several smaller buildings provide classroom spaces for asanas and lectures.
The Gupta Yogic Hospital and Health Care Center provides treatment facilities utilizing yoga, naturopathy and Ayurveda. It is open to both indoor and outdoor patients. For individuals who suffer from specific ailments, a tailor-made programme is designed with the most appropriate treament prescribed. A resident medical officer and visiting Ayurvedic physicians provide care and consultations. There are also facilities to handle the disabled and elderly.
Degrees and Programs.
The Gordhandhas Seksaria College Of Yoga and Cultural Synthesis at Kdham grants diplomas and certificates for several specializations. There are a total of seven courses for yoga students, yoga teachers, academics, students of Ayurveda, medical professionals, and school teachers.
Faculty.
Kdham has 18 full-time faculty members whose specialities includes the areas of Sanskrit studies, psychology, ecology, philosophy, yoga practice and teaching methodology, psychiatric counseling, anatomy and physiology, and Ayurveda,

</doc>
<doc id="36645273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645273" title="Debrecin Roller">
Debrecin Roller

The Debrecin Roller is a breed of fancy pigeon. Debreciner Rollers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645283" title="Rostechnadzor Permit">
Rostechnadzor Permit

Rostechnadzor Permit for especially dangerous industrial objects.
What is EIO?
Especially dangerous industrial object (EIO) – is the industry where different kinds of emergent situations (incidents) are possible.
Different incidents and disasters at industry may have significant consequences and multiple aspects of harm:
In Russia the sphere of industrial safety deals with the issues of technological security, safety engineering and control of using dangerous materials.
According to the Russian legislation EIO may be presented by an enterprise, its separate department, a ground. The peculiarities of EIO are as follows:
The legislation gives the characteristics of what materials may be related to dangerous materials:
Registration of especially dangerous objects.
In order that EIO could operate legally, it is mandatory to draw up a number of permissive documents.
For each EIO the organization itself performs identification of a dangerous industrial object. The given procedure and its results are used by the state registration of object in the special registry and by the mandatory signing of insurance contracts for EIO. The registration bodies, i.e. territorial branches of the Rostechnadzor keep the State Registry.
Besides, each EIO must have drawn up license of the Rostechnadzor. The EIO license proves that the exploited object conforms to the requirements of industrial safety. Only having of the License of the Rostechnadzor for EIO may give the right to the owner to introduce into exploitation a dangerous industrial object. It is the next step after registration of EIO in the State Registry. By this different kinds of licenses depending on the characteristics of the EIO may be considered:
The license of chemical dangerous objects;
The license of explosive and fire dangerous objects;
The license for performing expertise of industrial safety
The Rostechnadzor Permit.
The permit for constructing and using the technical devices for the EIOs registered in the State Registry are drawn up by the Federal Service of technological and atomic control and such kind of a document is called the Rostechndazor Permit for application.
The spheres of powers for drawing up the Rostechnadzor Permits are divided among the territorial bodies and the central apparatus of the Federal Service by Act 632 on 17 September 2007. The Central Apparatus issues the Permit of the Rostechnadzor for the serial production and imported equipment. The territorial bodies of the Service draw up the Permits for the party or the separate bit of equipment.
The Rostechnadzor Permit is regulated by the Administrative Reglament of the Service introduced by Act 112 on the 29th February 2008. Appendix 2 of the given Reglament provides the certain kinds of technical devices for which it is necessary to have the Rostechnadzor Permit drawn up in the Central Apparatus and the equipment for construction of which at EIO it is possible to draw up the permissive document in local bodies of the Rostechnadzor.
Act 112 provides the signs according to which an industrial object is related to a dangerous industrial object.
When drawing up the Rostechnadzor Permit for Application of an imported device, much attention is paid to the fact that the imported equipment meets the requirements of industrial safety of the RF. In the case of non-conformity, the applicant must additionally present recommendations for measurements that will provide the normative level of safety. Such measurements including the program of tests may contain additional tests of samples of imported production, alterations introduced into technical documentation, additional obligatory calculations and other measures.
There is a number of certain requirements to the package of documents that the applicant must present for drawing up the Rostechnadzor Permit.
The mandatory things are industrial expertise and its conclusion. It presents the process of evaluating the conformity of the object to the requirements of industrial safety which are set depending on the type of the object.
The industrial expertise is performed in the authorized laboratory in accordance with the kind of control listed in the Attestation of Authorization. These may be the following directions:
The term of the Rostechnadzor Permit by serial production of technical devices is 5 years. If a manufacturer acts as an applicant so the Rostechnadzor Permit is valid for any quantity of production correspondingly manufactured on the territory of Russia
If the applicant for receiving the Rostechnadzor Permit is the exploiting organization, i.e. it draws up the document for the party or one-time technical device, the term of the Permit is set equal to the resource of exploitation. When the Permit is drawn up, it must be introduced into exploitation within 3 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36645289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645289" title="Domino Frill">
Domino Frill

The Domino Frill is a breed of fancy pigeon. Domino Frills, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia").

</doc>
<doc id="36645296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645296" title="Mac Blu-ray Player">
Mac Blu-ray Player

Macgo Mac Blu-ray Player is a proprietary Blu-ray Disc media playing software, first released in 2011 by Macgo Inc. It provides playback functionality for Blu-ray Discs, DVDs, and other media formats for Mac and Microsoft Windows. Free trial versions are available for both Mac and PC platforms.
This Blu-ray Player Software is also a great choice for you.

</doc>
<doc id="36645299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645299" title="Chauzje Choosha">
Chauzje Choosha

Chauzje Choosha (born December 31, 1992 in Monze) is a Zambian sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.29 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1, but is her personal best time.

</doc>
<doc id="36645305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645305" title="Hikmat Hashimov">
Hikmat Hashimov

Hikmat Hashimov (born 12 November 1979) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a midfielder for Metallurg Bekabad. It measures 185 cm tall, weighs 75 kg.
Career.
Club.
Hashimov football career began at the club Dustlik Jangibazar. In 2001 he made his debut in the colors of Uzbekistan in the first division. Later that same year he went to So'g'diyony Dżyzak. In 2003-2004 he played in Metallurgu Bekobod and in the years 2005-2006 in Lokomotivie Tashkent. In 2007 he moved to Nasafu Karshi, and in 2010 he returned to Metallurg Bekobod.
International career
International.
In the national team of Uzbekistan Hashimov debuted in 2007. In the same year was appointed by the coach Rauf Inileyeva the squad for the Asian Cup 2007. He played one game there, with Iran (1:2).

</doc>
<doc id="36645306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645306" title="Dutch Beauty Homer">
Dutch Beauty Homer

The Dutch Beauty Homer is a breed of fancy pigeon. Dutch Beauty Homers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia"). This breed of pigeon is known for their characteristic grey feathers and red eyes. They emit a cooing noise typical of most pigeon species. The Dutch Beauty Homer is most famous for its use as mail carriers during World War II. In the modern era, Dutch Beauty Homer pigeons are collected and most notably seen in bird beauty pageant shows, where they are judged on plumage, shape, and general health.

</doc>
<doc id="36645318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645318" title="Gorenja Loka">
Gorenja Loka

Gorenja Loka (; also "Gorenja Nemška Loka", ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Hrib pri Koprivniku.
History.
Gorenja Loka was a Gottschee German village. It was founded in the 14th century. Before the Second World War it had six houses. All of the houses in the settlement were burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive and it was never rebuilt. The site of the former village is registered as cultural heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="36645322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645322" title="Swami Kuvalayananda">
Swami Kuvalayananda

Swami Kuvalayananda (August 30, 1883 – April 18, 1966) was a researcher and educator who is primarily known for his pioneering research into the scientific foundations of yoga. He started scientific research on yoga in 1920, and published the first scientific journal specifically devoted to studying yoga, Yoga Mimamsa, in 1924. Most of his research took place at the Kaivalyadhama Health and Yoga Research Center which he also founded in 1924. His influence on modern yoga has been "profound" 
Early life.
Swami Kuvalayananda was born Jagannatha Ganesa Gune in a traditional Karhade Brahmin family in the village Dhaboi in Gujarat state, India.. Kuvalayananda’s father, Sri Ganesa Gune, was a teacher and his mother, Srimati Saraswati, a housewife. The family was not rich and had to depend for some time on public and private charity. Being from a poor family, Kuvalayananda had to struggle hard for his education. Nevertheless, at his matriculation in 1903, he was awarded the Jagannath Shankarsheth Sanskrit Scholarship to study at Baroda College where he graduated in 1910.
During his student days, he was influenced by political leaders like Sri Aurobindo, who was working as a young lecturer at the university, and Lokmanya Tilak's Indian Home Rule Movement. His national idealism and patriotic fervor prompted him to devote his life to the service of humanity. During this time, he took up a vow of lifelong celibacy.
Coming into contact with the Indian masses, many of whom were illiterate and superstitious, he realized the value of education, and this influenced him to help organize the Khandesh Education Society at Amalner, where ultimately he became the Principal of the National College, in 1916. The National College was closed down by the British Government in 1920 due to the spirit of Indian nationalism prevalent at the institution. From 1916 to 1923, he taught Indian culture studies to high school and college students.
Yoga Education.
Kuvalayananda's first guru was Rajaratna Manikrao, a professor at the Jummadada Vyayamshala in Baroda. From 1907 to 1910, Manikrao trained Kuvalayananda in the Indian System of Physical Education which Kuvalayananda advocated throughout his life. As early as the 1930's, Kuvalayananda trained large groups of yoga teachers as a way to spread physical education in India 
In 1919, he met the Bengali yogin, Paramahamsa Madhavdasji, who had settled at Malsar, near Baroda, on the banks of the Narmada river. The insight into Yogic discipline, under the guidance of Madhavdasji, greatly influenced Kuvalayananda's career. 
Though Kuvalayananda was spiritually inclined and idealistic, he was, at the same time, a strict rationalist. So, he sought scientific explanations for the various psychophysical effects of Yoga he experienced. In 1920-21, he investigated the effects of some of the Yogic practices on the human body with the help of some of his students in a laboratory at Baroda Hospital. His subjective experience, coupled with the results of these scientific experiments, convinced him that the ancient system of Yoga, if understood through the modern scientific experimental system, could help society. The idea of discovering the scientific basis behind these yogic processes became his life's work.
Yoga Mimamsa.
In 1924, Kuvalayananda founded the Kaivalyadhama Health and Yoga Research Center in Lonavla in order to provide a laboratory for his scientific study of Yoga. At the same time, he also started the first scientific journal devoted to scientific investigation into yoga, Yoga Mimamsa.
The Sanskrit word mimamsa means "investigation." Yoga Mimamsa, has been published quarterly every year since its founding and is scheduled to be indexed by EBSCO in 2012.
In Yoga Mimamsa, Swami Kuvalayananda and others published the first scientific experiments on yogic techniques, such as the effect of asana, shatkarma, bandhas, and pranayama on humans.
These experiments impressed some Western researchers who came to the Kaivalyadhama Health and Yoga Research Center to learn more. Dr. Josephine Rathbone, a professor of health and physical education, visited from Columbia University in 1928. K.T. Behanan, a doctoral candidate from Yale University, wrote his dissertation on yoga after visiting in the late 1930's. In 1957, the physicians Wenger, from the University of California, and Bagchi, from the University of Michigan, spent a month and a half working there. Research and collaboration continues to this day.
Later Years.
Besides his yoga research, Swami Kuvalayananda was a tireless promotor of his causes, and he spent much of his later years opening up new branches of Kaivalyadhama and enhancing the main Kaivalyadhama campus in Lonavla.
In 1932, he opened the Mumbai branch of Kaivalyadhama at Santacruz. It was relocated to Marine Drive (Chowpatty) in 1936, and named the Ishvardas Chunnilal Yogic Health Center. Its mandate is the prevention and cure of various diseases through Yoga. In this same period, at Kanakesvara near Alibaug, a Kaivalyadhama Spiritual Center in Colaba was opened.
In 1943, he opened another branch of Kaivalyadhama in Rajkot, Saurashtra, with spiritual practices as its main focus.
In 1944 at Lonavla, the Kaivalyadhama Shriman Madhava Yoga Mandir Samiti was founded to pursue scientific and literary research in Yoga
The Gordhandas Seksaria College of Yoga and Cultural Synthesis was established in 1951 at Lonavla to prepare young people spiritually and intellectually for selfless service to humanity.
In 1961, he opened the Srimati Amolak Devi Tirathram Gupta Yogic Hospital for the treatment of chronic functional disorders with the help of Yogic techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="36645326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645326" title="Afa Ismail">
Afa Ismail

Afa Ismail (born November 1, 1993 in Malé) is a Maldivian sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Ismail ran the preliminaries with her personal best time of 12.52 seconds, but failed to qualify for the first round of the main event.

</doc>
<doc id="36645329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645329" title="Jewish Museum in Oslo">
Jewish Museum in Oslo

The Jewish Museum in Oslo aims at informing about Jews in Norway. It was established as a foundation in 2003, supported by the Det mosaiske trossamfunn and Oslo City Museum.
The museum was officially opened by Haakon, Crown Prince of Norway on September 8, 2008. The location was selected as one where there had been a substantial Jewish population. A synagogue stood on the same street from 1921 to 1942, and many of the Jews immigrating to Norway from the Baltics lived in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="36645355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645355" title="Ildar Magdeev">
Ildar Magdeev

Ildar Magdeev (born 11 April 1984) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Dinamo Samarqand.
Career.
He played for FK Buxoro and Pakhtakor Tashkent before joyining Lokomotiv Tashkent in 2012. In March 2013 he moved to another capital club, "Oqtepa Toshkent" to play in Uzbekistan First League. Magdeev joined FK Dinamo Samarqand in August 2013.
International.
He made 23 appearances for Uzbekistan and scored one goal. Magdeev was also called to play for nationall team at the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36645358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645358" title="Rima Taha">
Rima Taha

Rima Taha (born March 22, 1987 in Amman) is a Jordanian sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.66 seconds, her personal best time, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36645386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645386" title="Palad khik">
Palad khik

Palad Khik (, ) is a kind of Thai amulet that is shaped like a penis. The phrase "palad khik" means "honorable surrogate penis". These amulets range from a few inches to several feet long in length. The smaller versions are usually worn on the body while the larger versions are displayed in shops and other establishments. 
Origin.
Palad Khik originated from India from the Hindu god Shiva which is mostly represented by Shiva Linga. It was then brought to Thailand from Cambodia by the Khmer people hundreds of years ago. The Chinese concept called Yang is like this in Thailand where Lord Shiva represented himself abstractly in the form of Linga (male genitalia). Sometimes, it is accompanied by Yoni (female genitalia). Together, linga and yoni symbolizes unity and the powers of creation and destruction.
The Palad Khik, being a phallic form of Shiva is also an animistic symbol of fertility. In Thailand, it is not uncommon to see a penis amulet hanging on a convenience store a restaurant or even being sold by an old woman on the streets. Although outsiders may see these as offensive, but the local Thai people are deeply superstitious and things such as lucky charms and talismans are important to them. Palad khiks can be made from wood, metal, bone, horn or ivory and they are made by monks who specialize in making them. The engraving of the sacred inscriptions is a very important ritual and can take many days to complete. Cast metal palad khiks do not always have inscriptions but they could have animal symbolisms.
The Thai palad khik penis amulets must be empowered through use of repetition of incantations, or as Thai people call them 'Kata Bucha', which is indeed derived from the Devanagari 'ghata poojah'. Hello various incantations which I use depending on the master lineage, of each particular school of sorcery.
Variations of use and purpose.
Palad Khiks are usually worn by males on a cord around their waist under the clothes and off-center from the real penis. It is not unusual for a male to wear many palad khiks at the same time, in the hope to attract women, increase gambling luck and protection from dangerous objects such as bullets and knives. At times, women in Thailand also carry it in their purses to protect them from rape and mugging. Shop owners display them in their shops or in the cash register area to protect their business and also bring good luck and sales. A notable feature of this type of amulet is it can be worn in places considered as lowly or unclean such as bars, gambling casinos and brothels. Normally, you cannot bring a Buddhist amulet inside such establishments.

</doc>
<doc id="36645391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645391" title="Aissata Toure">
Aissata Toure

Aissata Toure (born September 18, 1990 in Conakry) is a Guinean sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 13.25 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36645401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645401" title="Gorenji Mačkovec">
Gorenji Mačkovec

Gorenji Mačkovec (; ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Laze pri Oneku.
History.
Gorenji Mačkovec was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It had two houses before the Second World War. The village was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in August 1942 and was not rebuilt after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36645407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645407" title="North Mole, Gibraltar Harbour">
North Mole, Gibraltar Harbour

The North Mole is a breakwater located in the northern section of Gibraltar Harbour, in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula. The North Mole, with the rest of harbour, is just north of the east entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar. The breakwater was formerly known as the Commercial Mole, and is the site of the commercial port in the harbour. It was the consequence of a late nineteenth century plan by the British Admiralty to create a modern dockyard and large defensive harbour in Gibraltar.
Infrastructure.
The North Mole at Gibraltar Harbour "(pictured)", in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula, is one of a trio of breakwaters "(shown on map)" that provides protection to the harbour, in addition to that which results from the presence of the Rock of Gibraltar on its east side. The North Mole is positioned at the northern and western aspects of the northern section of the harbour, which is located just north of the east entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar. The L-shaped breakwater includes a Western Arm which runs south toward the Detached Mole, and measures in length. The northern section of the harbour features the commercial port, which has a total length of almost of quay on the North Mole (including its Western Arm) for cruise ships, cargo handling, and bunkering. Fifteen berths are available, including six on the Western Arm and two on an extension jetty. 
The south end of the Western Arm of the North Mole, its "D" Head, is the site of the Gibraltar North Mole Lighthouse "(location shown on map)". The black, octagonal, latticework tower is constructed of cast-iron. Its light characteristic is a quick, flashing red light, and it has a range of five nautical miles. The Elbow of the North Mole, its "E" Head, is the site of the Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse. The gray, square, skeletal tower includes a round harbour control room. The light characteristic is a fixed red light, with a range of five nautical miles. Both lighthouses are operated by the Gibraltar Port Authority.
Early history.
The North Mole was formerly known as the Commercial Mole. It was a late nineteenth and early twentieth century extension of the Old Mole "(shown on map)", which was begun in 1618, and its extension, Devil's Tongue Battery, which was constructed between 1779 and 1783. By 1895, the government had drawn up plans to modernize Gibraltar Harbour. They included construction of a dry dock at the New Mole Parade, which had been built in 1620. The 1895 plan also included enclosing Gibraltar Harbour by extending the New Mole "(shown on map)" and constructing a Detached Mole. At that time, the method of enclosing the northern end of the harbour had not yet been decided and was a matter of some controversy. 
The extensive changes to Gibraltar Harbour were largely financed through Britain's Naval Works Loan Act of 1895 and following years. The plan that met with final approval of the Admiralty included construction of a dockyard and a modern defensive harbour, safe from torpedo attack. The Commercial Mole was an integral component of that defensive harbour as it formed its northern boundary, and was also planned to serve the commercial needs of Gibraltar. Some of the cost of that breakwater was shouldered by the colony of Gibraltar. The Commercial Mole was constructed of rubble stone and extended west from the area of the Waterport Wharf, Old Mole, and Devil's Tongue. The breakwater included five jetties which extended north and south; it ended in the Western Arm which paralleled the jetties. The jetties and Western Arm were lined with a concrete wharf wall. By 1902, much of the construction of the new Gibraltar Harbour had been completed, although portions were still under construction, including the extension of the New Mole. While the Commercial Mole was intended to facilitate Gibraltar commerce, by 1911 it was primarily utilised by the navy as a quay for destroyers.
Recent history.
On the afternoon of 31 May 2011, the North Mole at Gibraltar Harbour was the site of an explosion involving an oil storage tank. Two workers had been welding on top of the tank. In addition to injuries sustained by the workers, one of whom was extensively burned, there were also injuries suffered by twelve passengers on the cruise ship "MS Independence of the Seas", which had been berthed at the North Mole. An adjacent tank caught fire that evening, which required evacuation of the land-based fire fighters, limiting access to the fire from the sea. Following the fire, concern was expressed about the availability of adequate supplies of fire-fighting foam prior to the blaze at the North Mole.
On 8 June 2012, a bunkering accident off the North Mole resulted in an oil spill, with the release of three tons of fuel into the sea. The refueling operation had involved the ship "Frio Dolphin" and the bunker tanker "Vemaoil XX". The Gibraltar Oil Spill Contingency Plan was activated and, by the following day, most of the spilled oil had been contained.

</doc>
<doc id="36645413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645413" title="Kaingaue David">
Kaingaue David

Kaingaue David (born March 20, 1995 in Tarawa) is an I-Kiribati sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in a personal best of 13.61 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36645416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645416" title="Witu Forest">
Witu Forest

The Witu Forest, is a protected area in Lamu District, Kenya, East Africa. It was formed in 1927 by combining the Utwani Forest Reserve with the adjacent Gongoni Forest Reserve, although the previous names remained in use. The independent Kenyan government confirmed the reservation, gazetting the forest in 1962, with more gazetted in 2002. The forest covers of gazetted land, with approximately of additional un gazetted, but enclosed, forest. The adjacent Mungajini Forest on the Nairobi Ranch contains approximately . , there was no management plan for the forest, although it is to be managed under the Forests Act, 2005, by the Kenya Forest Service (KFS) which replaced the prior Forest Department in 2005.
Geography.
The Witu Forest is bounded to the northeast, and east, by the Pangani Swamp and to the east and southeast by the Nairobi Ranch, including the Mungajini Forest. To the south and southwest it is bordered by Witu settlement areas. The settlement areas were established in 1995 for agricultural development for the local people; however, the government has been charged with relocating displaced people from the Central Province. The town of Witu is five kilometers to the west and has about 6,000 inhabitants.
Issues.
In 2004 illegal logging in Witu forest was reported as being extensive, and a much more serious problem than local hunting for bushmeat. Illegal logging continued and was noted still in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36645442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645442" title="Bоtir Qоraev">
Bоtir Qоraev

Bоtir Qоraev (born 8 April 1980 in Qarshi, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a defender for Nasaf Qarshi. He is a member of Uzbekistan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36645443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645443" title="Potanthus niobe">
Potanthus niobe

Potanthus niobe is a species of skipper butterflies endemic to the Philippines. It contains two subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="36645448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645448" title="Hidden Dam">
Hidden Dam

Hidden Dam is an earthen dam on the Fresno River in Madera County, California. It creates a reservoir known as Lake Hensley.
The dam was constructed in 1974 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers for flood control, irrigation storage, and recreation. The dam is 184 feet tall, is 5730 feet long at its crest, and is the only major storage dam of the Fresno River. 
The reservoir it creates, Lake Hensley, has a water surface of two and a half square miles, over twenty miles of shoreline, and has a maximum storage capacity of 90,000 acre-feet. In 1978 the lake was opened to day-use recreation, including water skiing, fishing, swimming, horseback riding, mountain biking, and hiking. The area also hosts the state Hensley Lake Recreation Area. 
The lake is named for local settler and cattle rancher John Jackson Hensley.

</doc>
<doc id="36645450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645450" title="Cornelio Malvasia">
Cornelio Malvasia

Cornelio Malvasia, "Marquis di Bismantova" (1603 - 1664) was an Italian aristocrat, patron of astronomy and military leader.
Early life.
Malvasia was born in 1603 to an aristocratic family of Bologna and was the cousin of Carlo Cesare Malvasia.
Military career.
During the Wars of Castro he led papal army cavalry against the Dukes of Parma. He became close to the nephews of Pope Urban VIII and his later correspondence and publications carried the Barberini crest; three bees. His cousin Carlo later received assistance, in Rome, from Barberini loyalist, Cardinal Marzio Ginetti.
Despite the Duchy of Modena having sided with the Dukes of Parma during the Wars of Castro, Malvasia later became a military advisor to Alfonso IV d'Este, Duke of Modena. He was later named "Marechal" of the French army in Italy while Francesco II d'Este (later Duke of Modena after his father) was General of that army.
In 1656 he visited Paris and received honours from King Louis XIV of France - a 400 "doppie" annual pension for his position of Marechal and a gift of a diamond bottoniera from Cardinal Mazarin.
Patron of astronomy.
Throughout his military career, Malvasia maintained a strong general interest in astronomy, optics and scientific engineering. He is credited with having contributed to the invention of the reticle or "cross-hairs" during the 1620s; final credit is usually ascribed to Robert Hooke.
Malvasia was elected a Senator of Bologna and began construction of the privately owned Panzano Observatory in the early 1640s.
In 1645 Malvasia invited Giovanni Domenico Cassini to Bologna and offered him a position in his observatory, which was close to completion. Most of their time was spent calculating newer, better, and more accurate ephemerides for astrological purposes using the rapidly advancing astronomical methods and tools of the day. 17 years later, in 1662, their collaborative work, "Ephemerides novissimae motuum coelestium", was published by Malvasia. It was dedicated to Cardinal Giulio Cesare Sacchetti - twice nominated by Antonio Barberini as the French candidate for pope - and included a rather laudatory dedication in which Malvasia claimed he could trace Sacchetti's ancestry back to Ancient Roman gods.
Malvasia corresponded with a number of other contemporary astronomers during his development of new methods.

</doc>
<doc id="36645465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645465" title="Ikboljon Akramov">
Ikboljon Akramov

Ikboljon Akramov (born 10 October 1983 in Fergana, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Neftchi Farg'ona. He is a member of Uzbekistan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36645467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645467" title="Adam Steltzner">
Adam Steltzner

Adam Diedrich Steltzner (born 1963) is an American NASA engineer who works for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). He worked on several flight projects including Galileo, Cassini, Mars Pathfinder, Mars Exploration Rovers (MER). He was the lead engineer of the Mars Science Laboratory, "Curiosity" rover EDL phase (Entry, Descent and Landing), and helped design, build and test the sky crane landing system.
The media has portrayed Steltzner as a "rock and roll" engineer. NPR's "Morning Edition" said "he has pierced ears, wears snakeskin boots and sports an Elvis haircut," while the "EE Times" called him "a bit of a hipster" and a "new breed of engineer" who is media savvy.
Personal life.
Steltzner, born 1963, is a native of the San Francisco Bay Area and came from a family that was financially well off, his father being the heir to the Schilling spice fortune. He struggled in classes in high school, earned a failing grade in geometry, and was told by his father he would never amount to anything but a ditch digger. "I was sort of studying sex, drugs and rock and roll in high school," says Steltzner. After high school he played bass and drums in new wave bands. He studied jazz at Berklee College of Music in Boston, for less than a year. As "The New Yorker" put it, "He was a college dropout and small-town playboy (he briefly dated the model Carré Otis), an assistant manager at an organic market and an occasional grower of weed. He had few skills and fewer prospects." Around 1984, while driving home from music gigs at night, he noticed how the position of the constellation Orion was in a different place than before. This fascinated him, so he decided to take an astronomy class at College of Marin, but he was required to complete a class in physics first, and it was there he had a revelation: nature could be understood and predicted. As Steltzner put it, "I had found religion." By 1985 he quit music and devoted himself full-time to the challenge of school. His education included Tamalpais High School (1981) and College of Marin ; a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering at University of California, Davis (1990); a Master of Science degree in applied mechanics at California Institute of Technology (1991); and a PhD in engineering mechanics at University of Wisconsin–Madison (1999).
Steltzner is married to wife Trisha, who also works at JPL, and has two daughters, Caledonia and Olive. His second daughter was born three weeks after the Mars landing in 2012.
Career.
Steltzner is employed at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory where he has worked for about ten years designing, testing and building the sky crane landing system for the "Curiosity" rover. Steltzner was phase lead and development manager for EDL (Entry, Descent and Landing) of the lander, which successfully landed on Mars on August 5, 2012. The sky crane is an entirely new technology system, Steltzner said of it "When people look at it...it looks crazy. That's a very natural thing. Sometimes when we look at it, it looks crazy. It is the result of reasoned, engineering thought. But it still looks crazy." The sky crane allows for a precise landing ellipse opening up many areas of Mars for exploration that were previously inaccessible due to uneven terrain.
Steltzner joined JPL in 1991, in the Spacecraft Structures and Dynamics group. He worked on several flight projects including the Shuttle–Mir Program, Galileo, Cassini, Mars Pathfinder, Mars Exploration Rovers (MER) and Mars Science Laboratory as well as several mission proposals, pre-Phase A projects and technology development efforts. Initially employed as a structures and mechanics personnel, he gravitated towards landing events and Mars Entry, Descent and Landing (EDL) systems. He was the landing systems engineer on the cancelled comet mission Champollion and the mechanical systems lead for EDL on MER. When asked what he would like to do next, Steltzner says, "I'd like to see a Mars sample return. I'd like to land on the surface of Europa – the most likely place in the solar system for life. And third, I'd like to float a boat on the methane lakes of Titan."
Steltzner was the 2013 recipient of the "Smithsonian" magazine's American Ingenuity Award in the Technology category.
Media appearances.
Steltzner is often profiled by the press in human interest stories with a focus on a "rock and roll" engineer image; for example he was called "the face of the 2012 Mars Science Laboratory mission" by the "EE Times", who also called him "a bit of a hipster"; he was interviewed on National Public Radio which noted his "Elvis haircut", and profiled again on NPR in a piece called "Red Planet, Green Thumb: How A NASA Scientist Engineers His Garden". Steltzner also participated on the NPR radio quiz program "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" in 2012. He has been profiled similarly in other sources. A chapter-length biography of Steltzner in the book "Going to Mars" (2004) is titled "Elvis Lives" after the rock and roll star who Steltzner supposedly resembles, which "Esquire" said "calls back to NASA's halcyon days in the late 50's and early 60's".
He was among the scientists and engineers featured on the "NOVA" episode "Mars Dead or Alive" (2004), which chronicled the process that ultimately delivered the rovers Spirit and Opportunity to Mars. The episode was nominated for an Emmy in 2004. He also appeared in the "NOVA" episode "Welcome to Mars" (2005), "Roadtrip Nation" (2014), and other TV documentaries including "Countdown to Mars" (2003), "Bouncing to Mars" (2003), "Spirit of Exploration" (2005), "What Went Right" (2006), "Mars Rising" episodes "Journey to the Red Planet" and "Seven Minutes of Terror" (2007), and "Horizon" episodes "Mission to Mars: A Horizon Special" (2012) and "Man on Mars: Mission to the Red Planet" (2014). Steltzner appeared on the news program "Studio B with Shepard Smith" on August 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36645479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645479" title="Gerhard von Hosstrup">
Gerhard von Hosstrup

Gerhard Carsten Jakob von Hosstrup (or Hoßtrup) (born 23 April 1771 in Hamburg, died 7 September 1851) was a Hamburg businessman and the founder of the Hamburg Stock Exchange building (Hamburger Börsenhalle). He became "Oberalter" in 1843.
He was married to Sophie Henriette Elisabeth (Betty) Seyler (1789–1837), and after her death in 1837 to her sister Louise Auguste Seyler. They were members of the Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty, being the daughters of Ludwig Erdwin Seyler and granddaughters of Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg. They were also granddaughters of theatre director Abel Seyler. Gerhard von Hosstrup was the father of Egmont von Hosstrup and Gerhard Ludwig von Hosstrup, and of Bertha von Hosstrup, married to Albert Hänel.
He was the brother-in-law of Hamburg ship broker Ernst Friedrich Pinckernelle and Norwegian industrialist Jacob Benjamin Wegner.

</doc>
<doc id="36645484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645484" title="Gayratjon Hasanov">
Gayratjon Hasanov

Gayratjon Hasanov (born 12 January 1983 in Qarshi, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Nasaf Qarshi. He is a member of Uzbekistan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36645486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645486" title="Emre Nefiz">
Emre Nefiz

Emre Nefiz (born 24 November 1994) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for FSV Frankfurt in the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36645490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645490" title="Junjuwa community">
Junjuwa community

Junjuwa is a large Aboriginal community, located within the town of Fitzroy Crossing in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Derby-West Kimberley.
History.
The Junjuwa settlement was first established between 1974 and 1976. Government policies in the 1970s led to the inappropriate grouping of clan and language groups. Gradually this mix of language groups has changed so that the local Bunuba people are the majority inhabitants of Junjuwa Community.
Governance.
The community is managed through its incorporated body, Bunuba Aboriginal Corporation, incorporated under the "Aboriginal Councils and Associations Act 1976" on 16 September 1991.
Town planning.
Junjuwa Layout Plan No.1 has been prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. Layout Plan No.1 was endorsed by the community on 24 February 2004 and the WAPC on 8 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36645495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645495" title="Gričice">
Gričice

Gričice (; in older sources also "Gričica", ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Komarna Vas.
History.
Gričice was a Gottschee German village. In 1931 it had 10 houses. The original inhabitants were expelled in the fall of 1941. Italian troops burned the village in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive. In recent years a large number of vacation houses and self-catering accommodations have been built at Gričice to serve the Bela ski center.

</doc>
<doc id="36645513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645513" title="Tim Heubach">
Tim Heubach

Tim Heubach (born 12 May 1988) is a footballer who plays as a defender for FSV Frankfurt in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36645514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645514" title="Sturm und Drang (play)">
Sturm und Drang (play)

Sturm und Drang is a play in five acts by Friedrich Maximilian Klinger, which gave its name to the artistic period known as Sturm und Drang. It premiered in Leipzig on 1 April 1777 when it was performed by Abel Seyler's famed theatrical company, where Klinger was employed as a playwright for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="36645536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645536" title="Harry Saputra">
Harry Saputra

Harry Saputra (born 12 June 1981) is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Persebaya 1927. He was called to Indonesia national football team at the 2004 and 2007 AFC Asian Cup as a reserve player. 

</doc>
<doc id="36645566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645566" title="Potanthus omaha">
Potanthus omaha

Potanthus omaha, commonly known as the Lesser Dart, is a species of skipper butterflies. It is found in Indochina, Malaysia, Singapore, the Philippines, and Sulawesi. It includes the following subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="36645602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645602" title="Al-Jarida">
Al-Jarida

Al-Jarida (in Arabic الجريدة meaning "The Newspaper") is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper owned by Mohammed Al-Sager, the former editor in chief of "Al-Qabas" newspaper and the former Arab Parliament president. The editor-in-chief for "Al-Jarida" newspaper is Khalid Alhelal.
The paper which was launched on 2 July 2007 has a secular stance. The paper is one of the top 3 most circulated newspapers in Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="36645628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645628" title="Annahar (Kuwait)">
Annahar (Kuwait)

Annahar (in Arabic النهار meaning "The Morning") is an Arabic newspaper headquartered in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
History and profile.
"Annahar" was first published in Kuwait on 2 September 2007, being the ninth Arabic paper in the country. The owner of the daily is the Dar Annahar for Press, Publishing and Distribution company which is an affiliated body of the Bukhamseen Holding. On 2 September 2007 the daily also launched its website. Imad Bukhamseen is the editor-in-chief of "Annahar" which covers local and international political, art, culture and economic news. The daily is described as an independent political newspaper with a liberal leaning. The 2012 circulation of the daily was 23,000 copies.
In March 2010, the daily was fined 3.000 Kuwait dinars for publishing an article which was deemed by the authories as offensive to the ruling family, Al Sabah.

</doc>
<doc id="36645630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645630" title="Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae">
Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae

Johann Gerhard Reinhard (J.G.R.) Andreae (born ca. 17 December 1724 in Hanover, died 1 May 1793 in Hanover) was an Hanoverian natural scientist, chemist, geologist, court pharmacist ("Hofapotheker") and alchemist in the Age of Enlightenment. Internationally noted as a polymath, he was known throughout Europe particularly for his extensive natural history collections and for his pioneering and influential scientific work on soil and their uses for modern agriculture. He was a friend of many of the great scientists of the day, such as Benjamin Franklin, Pieter van Musschenbroek and George Shaw. The genus Andreaea, the type genus of the family Andreaeaceae of mosses, was named in his honour by his friend, the botanist Jakob Friedrich Ehrhart. Andreae was also noted as a major philanthropist in Hanover.
Biography.
He was the son and one of two children of the wealthy court pharmacist Leopold Andreae (1686–1730), owner of the Andreae Pharmacy (Andreae & Co.) in Hanover, and Katharina Elisabeth Rosenhagen (died 1752). His grandfather was the pharmacist Ernst Leopold Andreae (born ca. 1640). The Andreae pharmacy had been founded in 1639 with a ducal privilege from Christian Louis, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and taken over by his great-grandfather Johann Andreae in 1645. It quickly came to serve the ducal court and became the official court pharmacy.
His father died early and he was raised by his mother, "a very active, intelligent and righteous woman," who arranged for him to receive an extraordinary good education for his era. He studied all the sciences and learned all the important languages of 18th century Europe. Andreae learned the art of pharmacy in his family pharmacy, which at that time was managed by the court pharmacist Ruge from Celle. Urged by the court physician P.G. Werlhof (1699–1767) to study natural sciences, he studied geology and chemistry under Johann Heinrich Pott in Berlin, chemistry, mineralogy and metallurgy under Johann Andreas Cramer in Blankenburg, and chemistry under Hieronymus David Gaubius in Leyden. In 1747 he became head of his family's pharmacy in Hanover, at the time still owned by his mother. His mother formally ceded the ownership to him in 1751, shortly before her death. In November 1751, he married Ilse Sophie Müller (1728–1795). The marriage was a happy one, but they had no children of their own.
In 1763, he undertook a scientific expedition across Switzerland, to study herbaria, fossil and crystal collections, salt evaporation ponds, hot springs and glaciers. His "letters from Switzerland" were published 1764–65 in the "Hannoversche Magazin", and were published as an elaborate book in Zurich in 1776. He was highly regarded by the Hanover government and often asked for advice. On behalf of the Prince Elector of Hanover, he studied a great number of types of soil and their uses for agriculture. In 1767, he published his "Alchemistische Briefe", with many pharmaceutical insights. Between 1778 and 1781, he employed Jakob Friedrich Ehrhart (a pupil of Carl Linnaeus) to organise his natural history collections, including an herbarium and a collection of seeds. He also wrote poetry and was a music lover.
He was a friend of many famous contemporaries he had met on his travels—among them Pieter van Musschenbroek, Jean-André Deluc, Benjamin Franklin, George Shaw and Philipp Friedrich Gmelin—and corresponded regularly with them. His natural history collections were known throughout Europe. He was also a great admirer of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz.
His only sister Sophie Elisabeth Andreae (1730–1764) was married to merchant turned theatre director Abel Seyler, who became "the leading patron of German theatre" in his lifetime. Andreae viewed his brother-in-law with some scepticism. As his sister died in 1764 and her husband devoted himself completely to the theatre, their three children—among them would-be banker Ludwig Erdwin Seyler and Sophie Seyler, later married to the poet Johann Anton Leisewitz—were raised by J.G.R. Andreae and his wife from 1764, and they were described as loving parents for his sister's children. When the Seyler theatrical company was on the verge of bankruptcy around 1770, Andreae also paid off its substantial debts to save the company, after the famous actor Konrad Ekhof had pleaded for help, but demanded that his brother-in-law should have no say in economic affairs from that point.
Andreae was related, although not closely, to his niece's husband Johann Anton Leisewitz.
Andreae declined memberships of several scientific societies, as he regarded such honours as "learned charlatanry."
The Andreae family were one of the most highly regarded families in Hanover. Described as kind and generous to everyone, J.G.R. Andreae in particular was one of the city's major benefactors in his lifetime.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36645636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645636" title="Pierella astyoche">
Pierella astyoche

The Astyoche Satyr ("Pierella astyoche") is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="36645651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645651" title="Al-Anba (Kuwait)">
Al-Anba (Kuwait)

Al Anbaa' (Arabic: الانباء meaning "The News") or alternatively Al Anba is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper. The paper is owned and published by Bab Al-Kuwait Press Co.
History.
The paper was launched on 5 January 1976. It was the continuation of "Akhbar Al Kuwait" which had been published from 1962 to 1975.
In mid-June 1976, the offices of the paper in Al Sharq area were attacked. The publication of the paper was ceased twice, in March 1987 and in March 1995, by Kuwaiti courts. During the invasion of Kuwait the paper was printed in Cairo, Egypt, from August 1990 to August 1991.
Circulation and content.
The paper is one of the most circulated publications in Kuwait. Its 2001 circulation was about 107,000 copies. In 2008, it was the first daily in Kuwait with a circulation of 116,000 copies. In 2010, "Al Anbaa" was the 39th among the top-ranked 50 online Arab papers. In 2012, it was one of the three most read dailies in the country.
At the beginning of 2012, the paper signed an agreement with IMC Digital to improve its popularity in social media. As a result of this effort, the paper reached 30,000 fans on Facebook, over 25,000 followers on Twitter and a minimum of 200,000 video views on YouTube within the first two months of 2012. Furthermore, hits on the website of the paper increased by 30% in the overall traffic and a 20% in the traffic produced by search engines.
The content of the paper focuses on political, social, technical and sport news. It provides all these news in an uncritical way since the paper has a pro-government stance.
Staff and editors.
One of the significant writers of the paper is Saleh Al Sayer.
The editors of the paper are as follows:
1. Nassir Abdulaziz Al Marzouq (5 January 1976 - 1 November 1978)
See also.
List of newspapers in Kuwait

</doc>
<doc id="36645652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645652" title="Comparison of distributed file systems">
Comparison of distributed file systems

In computing, a distributed file system or network file system is any file system that allows access to files from multiple hosts sharing via a computer network. This makes it possible for multiple users on multiple machines to share files and storage resources.
Distributed File Systems (DFSs) differ in their performance, mutability of content, handling of concurrent writes, handling of permanent or temporary loss of nodes or storage, and their policy of storing content.

</doc>
<doc id="36645668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645668" title="Arrouiah">
Arrouiah

Arrouiah was an Arabic language newspaper based in Kuwait City, Kuwait. The daily was briefly published between 2008 and 2010.
History.
"Arrouiah" was established in February 2008, being the 12th daily in the country. It was a political daily, focusing on Kuwaiti events. Saud Al Sebeiei served as the editor-in-chief of the daily. The chairman of the board was Shireeda Abdullah Al Mousherji, and its general manager was Mubarak Mazyad Al Mousherji.
Its publication was ceased on 29 July 2010 due to financial difficulties.
See also.
List of newspapers in Kuwait

</doc>
<doc id="36645673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645673" title="Assawt">
Assawt

Assawt (in Arabic الصوت meaning "The Voice"), also known as "Al Sawt" was an Arabic language newspaper based in Kuwait. 
History.
"Assawt" was established in 2008 and its first issue was appeared on 21 October 2008. It became the fifteenth daily in the country. Youssef Al Someit, former information minister of Kuwait, headed the daily.
However, "Assawt" was disestablished in January 2009 due to economic reasons.
See also.
List of newspapers in Kuwait

</doc>
<doc id="36645674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645674" title="Pierella lucia">
Pierella lucia

The Lucia Pierella ("Pierella lucia") is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Peru and Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="36645698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645698" title="Farnum Fish">
Farnum Fish

Farnum Thayer Fish (5 October 1896 - 30 July 1978) was an early American airplane pilot known as the "Boy Aviator". He was, at the age of 17, the "youngest licensed aviator in the world".
Biography.
He was born in Los Angeles, California on October 5, 1896 to a wealthy physician. Fish enrolled in the Wright Flying School near Dayton, Ohio in 1911 at the age of 15. 
On January 12, 1912, the Aero Club of America issued him Fédération Aéronautique Internationale Airplane Pilot's Certificate #85.
Fish immediately bought a Wright Model B biplane and had it shipped to California, where he flew it in an air meet at Dominguez Field in Los Angeles which ran from January 20 to 26, 1912. On January 21, he had a close call when "he plunged earthward from a height of 1000 feet "m", his biplane righting itself when less than 200 feet "m" from the ground" "The young flier ... stated that his machine dropped through a 'hole' in the air, and that he managed by desperate clinging to keep his seat until he encountered another current that bore him up." 
Undeterred, he then participated in another meet at Emeryville Race Track, also in California, which lasted from February 17 to 21 of the same year. During this meet, he carried the first airmail to Oakland. Next came a small meet in April at the Coronado Polo Grounds in San Diego, where he again carried airmail. According to one source, it was here that Fish angered Glenn Curtiss when he landed without invitation on Curtiss's airfield.
On May 17, 1912, Fish was arrested "after landing his Wright Model B (with a woman passenger) in Grant Park" in Chicago. He avoided a fine by claiming engine trouble. The "Milwaukee Journal" sponsored his non-stop, flight from Cicero Field, Chicago along Lake Michigan to Milwaukee on May 25, carrying "Journal" newspapers, mail and or of silk consigned to a department store. He made the trip in record time, either 2 hours 18 minutes or 2 hours 20 minutes. On May 29, "The New York Times" reported he had "made a fifty-mile "km" flight from Milwaukee to Watertown, Wis., carrying newspapers to the cities en route. It was the first use of an aeroplane in the circulating of newspapers." The "Journal" stated that he had set a distance record for carrying a passenger, his mechanic Herbert Hazzard, on the return trip to Milwaukee.
On July 9, Fish wrecked his airplane while performing stunts at Revere Beach in Revere, Massachusetts. He lost control after a wing touched the water. Fish and his student Jack McGee were thrown , landing in water deep enough to break their fall.
On July 31, Fish and a student survived a crash at Atwood Park in Saugus, Massachusetts after Fish's aircraft hit an air pocket, dropped , crashed into a pole, turned upside-down and fell to the ground. Fish suffered only minor injuries, while Morris Shoemanhorne had a bruised head and a badly twisted right ankle.
On October 6, the "Milwaukee Journal" reported that the "young birdman" had taken aloft photographer Fred Wagner to take aerial pictures of automobile races for "a large part of the six hours that the races lasted." The "Boston Evening Transcript" noted on November 15, 1912 that the Aero Club of America had suspended Fish's license until July 1, 1913 for "violation of the rule prohibiting flying over sporting events, games and other public assemblies. Both Beachey and Fish have been frequently reported as performing difficult and dangerous feats above crowds of spectators". 
Fish was apparently something of a juvenile delinquent. The November 4, 1914 "Oakland Tribune" reported that he had been charged with trying to steal an automobile as a "Halloween joke", also noting that he had previously been involved "in several bizarre episodes which brought him to the notice of the Los Angeles juvenile court".
Wounded for Pancho Villa.
On May 15, 1915, Fish was flying reconnaissance for Pancho Villa during the Mexican Revolution. While over a large body of soldiers, he was shot at; one bullet entered his calf, passed through his thigh and ended up in his shoulder. He managed to return to his base before crashing in his bullet-ridden aircraft, making him, according to Dr. John H. Lienhard, Professor Emeritus of Mechanical Engineering and History at the University of Houston, "the first airplane casualty in the history of aerial warfare." Fish went home to recuperate, and was soon flying again.
On September 16, 1915, Wisconsin state fair visitors watched as Fish crashed into a pond. Fortunately, while his airplane was "badly damaged", the pilot escaped with cuts and bruises.
A special booklet for the 1916 reunion of Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni listed among its program of activities "Flight by Farnum Fish in a Wright Biplane".
Military service.
With America's entry into World War I, he enlisted in the United States Army in February 1918 and was commissioned a lieutenant in July. In September, he was sent overseas as a test pilot for the Signal Corps, before being discharged in April 1919. He was a member of the Air Service Officers Reserve Corps from June 1919 to 1934, and returned briefly to active duty in 1942.
Death.
After his military service, he became a businessman in Los Angeles. He died on July 30, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="36645711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645711" title="Fourth Fitna">
Fourth Fitna

The Fourth Fitna or Great Abbasid Civil War was a conflict between the brothers al-Amin and al-Ma'mun over the succession to the Abbasid Caliphate's throne. Their father, Harun al-Rashid, had named al-Amin as the first successor, but had also named al-Ma'mun as the second, with Khurasan granted to him as an appanage, while a third son, al-Qasim, had been designated as third successor. After Harun died in 809, al-Amin succeeded in Baghdad. Encouraged by the Baghdad court, al-Amin began trying to subvert the autonomous status of Khurasan; Qasim was quickly sidelined. In response, al-Ma'mun's sought the support of the provincial elites of Khurasan, and made moves to assert his own autonomy. As the rift between the two brothers and their respective camps widened, al-Amin declared his own son Musa to be his heir, and assembled a large army. Al-Amin's troops marched towards Khurasan, but al-Ma'mun's general Tahir ibn Husayn defeated them in the Battle of Rayy, and then invaded Iraq and besieged Baghdad itself. The city fell after a year, al-Amin was executed, and al-Ma'mun became Caliph, but he remained in Khurasan and did not come to Baghdad.
This allowed the power vacuum, which the civil war had created in the Caliphate's provinces, to grow, and several local rulers sprang up in Jazira, Syria and Egypt. In addition, the pro-Khurasani policies followed by al-Ma'mun's powerful chief minister, al-Fadl ibn Sahl, and al-Ma'mun's espousal of an Alid succession, alienated the traditional Baghdad elites, who saw themselves increasingly marginalized. Consequently, al-Ma'mun's uncle Ibrahim was proclaimed rival Caliph at Baghdad in 817, forcing al-Ma'mun to intervene personally. Fadl ibn Sahl was assassinated and al-Ma'mun left Khurasan for Baghdad, which he entered in 819. The next years were taken up with consolidating al-Ma'mun's authority and re-incorporating the western provinces, a process that was not completed until 827. Some local rebellions, however, notably that of the Khurramites, dragged on for far longer.
The conflict has been variously interpreted, in the words of the Iranologist Elton L. Daniel, as "a conflict over the succession between a rather incompetent, besotted al-Amin and his shrewdly competent brother al-Ma'mun; as the product of harem intrigues; as an extension of the personal rivalry between the ministers al-Fadl b. Rabi' and al-Fadl b. Sahl; or as a struggle between Arabs and Persians for the control of the government".
Background.
The origins of the civil war lie in the succession arrangements of Harun al-Rashid (reigned 786–809), as well as the internal political dynamics of the Abbasid Caliphate. The two main contenders, Muhammad al-Amin and Abdallah al-Ma'mun, were born six months apart in AH 170 (786–787), with al-Ma'mun being the elder. It was al-Amin however who was named first heir in 791 or 792, while al-Ma'mun followed in 797, a sequence which was influenced by their lines of descent and their political implications: al-Amin had a solidly Abbasid lineage, being Harun's son by Zubayda, herself descended from the second Abbasid Caliph al-Mansur (r. 754–775), while al-Ma'mun's mother was Marajil, a Persian concubine from Badhgis in Khurasan. 
While al-Ma'mun's origin was less prestigious than the purely Arab al-Amin, his ties to Khurasan and the Iranian-dominated eastern provinces were an important factor in his choice as heir. In contrast to the exclusively Arab-ruled Umayyad Caliphate, the Abbasid state was under heavy Iranian, and particularly Khurasani, influence, since from the days of the Abbasid Revolution, which originated in Khurasan, the Abbasids relied heavily on Khurasanis as military leaders and administrators. Many of the original Khurasani Arab army ("Khurasaniyya") that came west with the Abbasids were given estates in Iraq and the new Abbasid capital, Baghdad, and became an elite group known as the "abnaʾ al-dawla" ("sons of the state/dynasty"). Khurasan retained a privileged position among the Caliphate's provinces, and Harun al-Rashid in particular was careful to cultivate his ties with the Persian element of the Caliphate, not least through his promotion of the Khurasani Barmakid family to positions of power. Both al-Amin and al-Ma'mun had been tutored in their youth by the Barmakids, al-Amin by al-Fadl ibn Yahya and al-Ma'mun by Ja'far ibn Yahya. While al-Amin would distance himself from the Barmakids and become closely associated with the "abnaʾ" aristocracy of Baghdad, however, al-Ma'mun remained influenced by Ja'far and his associates.
In 802, Harun and the most powerful personalities of the Abbasid government made the pilgrimage to Mecca, where the definitive succession arrangement was drawn up: al-Amin would succeed Harun in Baghdad, but al-Ma'mun would remain al-Amin's heir and would additionally rule over an enlarged and practically independent Khurasan. A third son, al-Qasim (al-Mu'tamin), was also added as third heir and received responsibility over the frontier areas with the Byzantine Empire (the "al-thughur wa-l-'awasim"). The stipulations of the agreement, extensively recorded by the historian al-Tabari, may however have been distorted by later apologists of al-Ma'mun, especially as regards the extent of the autonomy granted to al-Ma'mun's eastern viceroyalty. 
Almost immediately after it returned to Baghdad, in January 803, the Abbasid court witnessed the abrupt fall of the Barmakid family from power. On the one hand, this decision may reflect the fact that the Barmakids may have become indeed too powerful for the Caliph's liking, but its timing suggests that it was tied to the succession issue as well: with al-Amin siding with the "abnaʾ" and al-Ma'mun with the Barmakids, and the two camps becoming more estranged every day, if al-Amin was to have a chance to succeed, the power of the Barmakids had to be broken. Indeed, the years after the fall of the Barmakids saw an increasing centralization of the administration and the concomitant rise of the influence of the "abnaʾ", many of whom were now dispatched to take up positions as provincial governors and bring these provinces under closer control from Baghdad.
This led to unrest in the provinces, especially Khurasan, where, according to Elton L. Daniel, "Abbasid policies between two extremes. One governor would attempt to extract as much wealth as he could from the province for the benefit of Iraq, the central government, and, not infrequently, himself. When the people protested loudly enough, such governors would be temporarily replaced by ones who would attend to local interests". The Khurasani elites had a long-standing rivalry with the "abnaʾ". Although the latter now resided chiefly in Iraq, they insisted on retaining control of Khurasani affairs and demanded that the province's revenues be sent west to supply their salaries, something strongly resisted by the native Iranian elites. The resulting tension was eased when al-Fadl ibn Yahya, universally praised as a model governor, was appointed to Khurasan in 793, but was re-fanned in 796, when a member of the "abnaʾ", Ali ibn Isa ibn Mahan, was placed in charge of the province. His harsh taxation measures provoked increasing unrest, which expressed itself in Kharijite uprisings and, finally, a rebellion by the governor of Samarkand, Rafi ibn al-Layth. The latter uprising forced Harun himself, accompanied by al-Ma'mun and the powerful chamberlain ("hajib") and chief minister al-Fadl ibn al-Rabi, to travel to the province in 808. Al-Ma'mun was sent ahead with part of the army to Marv, while Harun stayed at Tus, where he died on 24 March 809.
Civil war between al-Amin and al-Ma'mun, 809–813.
Upon Harun's death, al-Amin ascended the throne in Baghdad, where his popularity was great, while al-Ma'mun remained at Marv, from where he planned to campaign against the remaining rebels. However, al-Amin recalled the army and treasury from the east, leaving al-Ma'mun with little in the way of military forces. It was in this time that al-Ma'mun came to rely upon his "wazir", the former Barmakid protégé al-Fadl ibn Sahl, who began to implement a policy of conciliation and cooperation with the local elites, whose autonomy and privileges were guaranteed. The covenant of 802 however soon began to fall apart over Baghdad's centralizing ambitions and the dispute over the status of Khurasan: the "abnaʾ", led by Ali ibn Isa, whom Harun had imprisoned but who was now set free and appointed head of the Caliph's bodyguard, were joined by other influential officials, chief amongst them al-Fadl ibn al-Rabi, in demanding that Khurasan and its revenue return to the direct control of the central government, even if that meant breaking the stipulations of the Mecca agreement.
The rift between the two camps manifested itself in 810, when al-Amin added his own son, Musa, to the list of succession. Al-Amin's intention of overturning Harun's stipulations in favour of a direct patrilineal succession to his own sons was not unusual: all Abbasid caliphs from al-Mansur onwards had to struggle with their brothers or uncles to bequeath the throne to their sons, and Harun al-Rashid was even imprisoned during the brief reign of his elder brother al-Hadi (r. 785–786). It was only because al-Ma'mun resided far from the Caliph's immediate area of control that he survived sharing this fate. Al-Amin then sent a delegation to Marv, asking al-Ma'mun to return to Baghdad. After al-Ma'mun, fearing for his safety, refused, al-Amin began to interfere with his brother's domain: he protested al-Ma'mun's pardon to Ibn al-Layth after his surrender and asked for tribute from the governors of the western provinces of Khurasan as a sign of submission. He then demanded of his brother the cession of the western regions of Khurasan, the admission of caliphal tax and postal agents into the province, and the forwarding of the Khurasan's revenue to Baghdad. Al-Ma'mun, who could not rely on large military forces and whose position was consequently weak, was at first inclined to accede to his brother's demands, but al-Fadl ibn Sahl dissuaded him from this course and encouraged him to seek support among the native population of Khurasan, who also opposed control by the caliphal court. 
Al-Ma'mun, who was already favourably regarded after the excesses of Ali ibn Isa, consciously set about to cultivate the support of the local population, reducing taxes, dispensing justice in person, conceding privileges to the native princes, and demonstratively evoking episodes from the beginnings of the Abbasid movement in the province. He now became a "political magnet for Iranian sympathisers" (El-Hibri), refused to cede his province or return to Baghdad, and began to gather around him those dissatisfied with Baghdad's centralizing policies or who had simply been left out of the share of spoils and power after the Abbasid Revolution. Under the influence of their respective chief ministers, al-Amin and al-Ma'mun took steps that further polarized the political climate and made the breach irreparable. After al-Ma'mun symbolically removed al-Amin's name from his coins and from the Friday prayer, in November 810 al-Amin removed al-Ma'mun and al-Mu'tamin from the succession and nominated his own sons Musa and Abdallah instead. al-Ma'mun replied by declaring himself "imam", a religious title which shied of directly challenging the Caliph but nevertheless implied independent authority, as well as hearkening back to the early days of the "Hashimiyya" movement which had carried the Abbasids to power.
Despite the reservations of some of his senior ministers and governors, two months later, in January 811, al-Amin formally began the civil war when he appointed Ali ibn Isa governor of Khurasan, placed him at the head of an unusually large army of 40,000, drawn from the "abnaʾ", and sent him to depose al-Ma'mun. When Ali ibn Isa set out for Khurasan, he reportedly took along a set of silver chains with which to bind al-Ma'mun and carry him back to Baghdad. The news of Ali's approach threw Khurasan into panic, and even al-Ma'mun considered fleeing. The only military force available to him was a small army of some 4,000–5,000 men, under Tahir ibn al-Husayn. Tahir was sent to confront Ali's advance, but it was widely regarded as almost a suicide mission, even by Tahir's own father. The two armies met at Rayy, on the western borders of Khurasan, and the ensuing battle (3 July 811) resulted in a crushing victory for the Khurasanis, in which Ali was killed and his army disintegrated on its flight west. 
Tahir's unexpected victory was decisive: al-Ma'mun's position was secured, while his main opponents, the "abnaʾ", lost men, prestige and their most dynamic leader. Tahir now advanced westwards, defeated another "abnaʾ" army of 20,000 under Abd al-Rahman ibn Jabala after a series of hard-fought engagements near Hamadan, and reached Hulwan by winter. Al-Amin now desperately tried to bolster his forces by alliances with Arab tribes, notably the Banu Shayban of Jazira and the Banu Qays of Syria. The veteran Abd al-Malik ibn Salih was sent to Syria to mobilize its troops along with Ali ibn Isa's son, Husayn. However, al-Amin's efforts failed due to the long-standing inter-tribal divisions between Qaysis and Kalbis, the Syrians' reluctance to get involved in the civil war, as well as the unwillingness of the "abnaʾ" to cooperate with the Arab tribes and to make political concessions to them. These failed efforts to secure Arab support backfired on al-Amin, as the "abnaʾ" began to doubt whether their interests were best served by him. In March 812, Husayn ibn Ali led a short-lived coup against al-Amin in Baghdad, proclaiming al-Ma'mun as the rightful Caliph, until a counter-coup, led by other factions within the "abnaʾ", restored al-Amin to the throne. Fadl ibn al-Rabi, however, one of the main instigators of the war, concluded that al-Amin's case was lost and resigned from his court offices. At about the same time, al-Ma'mun was officially proclaimed caliph, while Fadl ibn Sahl acquired the unique title of "Dhu 'l-Ri'asatayn" ("he of the two headships"), signifying his control over both civil and military administration.
In spring 812, Tahir, reinforced with more troops under Harthama ibn A'yan, resumed his offensive. He invaded Khuzistan, where he defeated and killed the Muhallabid governor Muhammad ibn Yazid, whereupon the Muhallabids of Basra surrendered to him. Tahir also took Kufa and al-Mada'in, advancing on Baghdad from the west while Harthama closed in from the east. At the same time, al-Amin's authority crumbled as supporters of al-Ma'mun took control of Mosul, Egypt and the Hejaz, while most of Syria, Armenia and Azerbaijan fell under the control of the local Arab tribal leaders. As Tahir's army closed on Baghdad, the rift between al-Amin and the "abnaʾ" was solidified when the desperate Caliph turned to the common people of the city for help and gave them arms. The "abnaʾ" began deserting to Tahir in droves, and in August 812, when Tahir's army appeared before the city, he established his quarters in the suburb of Harbiyya, traditionally an "abnaʾ" stronghold. 
The Islamic scholar Hugh N. Kennedy characterized the subsequent siege of the city as "an episode almost without parallel in the history of early Islamic society" and "the nearest early Islamic history saw to an attempt at social revolution", as Baghdad's urban proletariat defended their city for over a year in a vicious urban guerrilla war. Indeed it was this "revolutionary" situation in the city as much as famine and the besiegers' professional expertise, that brought about its fall: in September 813, Tahir convinced some of the richer citizens to cut the pontoon bridges over the Tigris that connected the city to the outside world, allowing al-Ma'mun's men to occupy the city's eastern suburbs. Tahir then launched a final assault, in which al-Amin was captured and executed at Tahir's orders while trying to seek refuge with his old family friend Harthama.
Sahlid dominance and reaction, 813–819.
The regicide of al-Amin soured al-Ma'mun's victory. Tahir was soon transferred out of the public eye to an unimportant post in al-Raqqah, but his deed lastingly tarnished the prestige and image of the Abbasid dynasty. According to Elton Daniel, "It shattered the sacrosanct aura which had surrounded the person of the Abbasid caliphs; For the first time, an Abbasid ruler had been humiliated and put to death by rebellious subjects". As al-Ma'mun remained in Marv and made no signs of returning to the caliphal capital, a wave of Arab antipathy towards al-Ma'mun and his "Persian" supporters came to the fore in the western regions of the Caliphate, particularly in Baghdad and Iraq, which feared being degraded to a mere province. This was furthered when the new Caliph entrusted the governance of the state to Fadl ibn Sahl, who intended to permanently move the Muslim world's centre of power eastwards to Khurasan, where he and his circle could control the reins of power to the exclusion of other groups. Fadl was also responsible for side-lining many other supporters of al-Ma'mun; thus, when Harthama ibn A'yan went to Marv to inform al-Ma'mun of the real situation in the west, the Sahlids turned the Caliph against him and he was executed on charges of treason in June 816. In response, Harthama's son Hatim led a short-lived revolt in Armenia.
The result of these policies was that revolts and local power struggles erupted across the Caliphate, with only Khurasan and the frontier districts with the Byzantine Empire exempt from this turmoil. Iraq in particular descended into near-anarchy. The new governor of Iraq, Fadl's brother al-Hasan ibn Sahl, soon lost the support of the "abnaʾ". The local population's alienation from his regime was exploited by the Zaydi Alids, who on 26 January 815 rose in revolt at Kufa, led by former general Abu 'l-Saraya al-Sirri. The revolt spread quickly through Iraq as various groups with old grievances against the Abbasids used the opportunity to exact revenge. Thus at Basra, the revolt was led by the Alid Zayd, a son of the "imam" Musa al-Kadhim who had been executed in 799 on Harun al-Rashid's orders. The uprising came close to threatening Baghdad itself, and it was only through the intervention of the capable Harthama that it was quelled, with Abu 'l-Saraya being captured and executed in October. Secondary pro-Alid movements also seized control of Yemen (under Ibrahim al-Jazzar, another son of Musa al-Kadhim) and the Tihamah, including Mecca, where Muhammad al-Dibaj, a grandson of the Alid "imam" Ja'far al-Sadiq, was proclaimed Caliph in November 815. The suppression of these revolts was entrusted to Ali ibn Isa's son Hamdawayh, with an army of "abnaʾ". Hamdawayh was successful in subduing these provinces, but then attempted, unsuccessfully, to secede from the Caliphate himself.
In 816, to bolster his flagging prestige, al-Ma'mun assumed the title "God's Caliph". Taking note of the widespread Alid support in his western provinces, al-Ma'mun not only spared the lives of the various Alid anti-caliphs, but on 24 March 817 also named the Alid Ali ibn Musa al-Rida, a third son of Musa al-Kadhim, as his heir apparent, and even changed the official dynastic colour from Abbasid black to Alid green. Although the seriousness of al-Ma'mun's commitment to the Alid succession is uncertain—there are suggestions that Ali al-Rida was so old that he could hardly be expected to actually succeed al-Ma'mun—its impact was disastrous: not only did it fail to produce any tangible popular support, but also provoked an uproar among the members of the Abbasid dynasty in Baghdad. Hasan ibn Sahl had already been forced to abandon the city, where various factional leaders now shared power, and the news of the Alid succession ruined his attempts at conciliation. Instead, on 17 July 817 the members of the Abbasid family in Baghdad nominated a new Caliph of their own, Harun al-Rashid's younger brother Ibrahim. Ibrahim received broad backing from the Baghdad elites, from Abbasid princes like al-Ma'mun's younger brother Abu Ishaq (the future Caliph al-Mu'tasim, r. 833–842), to old-established members of the bureaucracy like Fadl ibn al-Rabi (who returned to his office as "hajib"), and leaders of the "abnaʾ". As the scholar M. Rekaya commented, "in other words, it was a revival of the war between the two camps and Khurasan, dormant since 813".
Ibrahim moved to secure control of Iraq, but although he captured Kufa, Hasan ibn Sahl, who had made Wasit his base of operations, managed to get to Basra first. However, the governor of Egypt, Abd al-Aziz al-Azdi, recognized Ibrahim as Caliph. In Khurasan, the Sahlids at first downplayed the events at Baghdad, falsely informing al-Ma'mun that Ibrahim had merely been declared governor ("amir") rather than Caliph. Finally, in December 817 Ali al-Rida succeeded in revealing to al-Ma'mun the real situation in Iraq, and convinced him that that the turmoil in the Caliphate was far greater than the Sahlids presented it to be, and that a reconciliation with Baghdad was necessary. Al-Ma'mun now resolved to assume personal control of his empire, and on 22 January 818 he left Marv and began a very slow journey west to Baghdad. Fadl ibn Sahl was murdered on 13 February, probably on al-Ma'mun's orders, although the rest of his family was spared a persecution like that which had befallen the Barmakids. Indeed, Hasan in Sahl was for the time being confirmed in his brother's position, and al-Ma'mun was betrothed to one of his daughters. Ali al-Rida also died during the march on 5 September, probably of poison. His burial place at Sanabad, now known as Mashhad, has become one of the major Shi'a pilgrimage sites.
In the meantime, back in Baghdad, Ibrahim faced desertions, rebellions and conspiracies, one of which involved his half-brother al-Mansur. Hasan ibn Sahl was able to use this turmoil and advance north, capturing Mada'in. As the months passed, discontent in Baghdad grew. Ibrahim's supporters, including Fadl ibn al-Rabi, began abandoning him, and in April and July 819 there was a plot to take Ibrahim captive and surrender him to al-Ma'mun's forces. Narrowly escaping from the latter conspiracy, Ibrahim abandoned the throne and went into hiding, opening the path for al-Ma'mun to reclaim Baghdad. On 17 August 819, al-Ma'mun entered Baghdad without resistance, and all the political turmoil quickly subsided. Al-Ma'mun now set about to reconcile himself with the opposition: he rescinded the Alid succession, restored black as the dynastic colour, sent Hasan ibn Sahl into retirement, and recalled Tahir from his exile in Raqqah. Al-Ma'mun did however retain the title of "imam", which became part of the standard caliphal titulature.
During the 812–813 siege of Baghdad, Tahir had established close ties with the "abnaʾ", which now proved useful in smoothing their acceptance of al-Ma'mun. Tahir was further rewarded with the governorship of Khurasan in September 821, and when he died in October 822, he was succeeded by his son, Talha. For the next fifty years, the Tahirid line would provide the governors of a vast eastern province centred on Khurasan, while also providing the governors of Baghdad, securing the city's loyalty to the caliphal government even after the capital was moved to Samarra.
Reunification and pacification of the Caliphate, 820–827.
At the time al-Ma'mun entered Baghdad, the western provinces of the Caliphate had slipped away from effective Abbasid control, with local rulers claiming various degrees of autonomy from the central government. Egypt had become divided between two bitterly hostile factions, one under Ubayd Allah ibn al-Sari which had come to control Fustat and the south, while his rival Ali ibn Abd al-Aziz al-Jarawi and his Qaysi Arabs controlled the north of the country around the Nile Delta. In addition, Alexandria was in the hands of a group of Andalusian exiles. In Syria, the traditionally dominant Qays tribe had taken control, led by Abdallah ibn Bayhas and Nasr ibn Shabath al-Uqayli. Ifriqiya had fallen under the control of the Aghlabids, while Yemen was troubled by pro-Alid revolts. Perhaps the most threatening rebellion of all was the anti-Muslim Khurramite movement, which controlled large parts of Azerbaijan and Armenia.
To face these insurgencies, al-Ma'mun turned to another of Tahir's sons, Abdallah ibn Tahir, to whom he entrusted the command of his army. Ibn Tahir first targeted Nasr ibn Shabath in northern Syria and the Jazira. Nasr was willing to acknowledge al-Ma'mun's authority, but demanded concessions for his followers and remained hostile to the Abbasids' Persian officials, so that he had to be browbeaten into submission by a show of force before his capital, Kaysum, in 824–825. After securing his northern flank, Ibn Tahir marched through Syria into Egypt. There the two rivals, although not opposed in principle to al-Ma'mun as Caliph, were eager to maintain the "status quo", and had already repulsed an invasion in 824 under Khalid ibn Yazid ibn Mazyad. Ibn Tahir however managed to outmanoeuvre both, so that Ali al-Jarawi quickly went over to him, leaving Ubayd Allah to submit and face deportation to Baghdad. In Alexandria, Ibn Tahir secured the departure of the Andalusians, who left the city for the Byzantine island of Crete, which they conquered and transformed into a Muslim emirate. On his return to Baghdad in 827, Abdallah ibn Tahir received a triumphal reception, and was appointed governor of Khurasan in 828, replacing Talha. His place in the west was taken over by al-Ma'mun's younger brother Abu Ishaq al-Mu'tasim. In Yemen, another Alid revolt broke out in 822 under Abd al-Rahman ibn Ahmad, but al-Ma'mun managed to secure his surrender by negotiations.
Elsewhere, however, the process of consolidation was harder or failed completely: Aghlabid-controlled Ifriqiya was confirmed in its autonomous status, but effectively slipped entirely from Abbasid control, while in Azerbaijan, al-Ma'mun's general Isa ibn Abi Khalid re-established control over the various local Muslim lords in the cities, but was unable to suppress the Khurramite revolt. Expeditions were sent against the Khurramites under Sadaka ibn Ali al-Azdi in 824 and Muhammad ibn Humayd al-Ta'i in 827–829, but both failed before the mountainous terrain and the Khurramites' guerrilla tactics, with Ibn Humayd losing his life as well. It was not until the accession of al-Mu'tasim, who employed his new military corps composed of Turkish slaves ("mawali" or "ghilman") against the Khurramites, that their rebellion was suppressed, after years of hard campaigning, in 837. Al-Ma'mun's reign continued to be troubled by rebellions: a series of uprisings by the Zutt in lower Iraq, a three-year revolt against oppressive taxation in Egypt in 829, where both the Christian Copts and the Muslims participated, as well as the unsuccessful revolt of Ali ibn Hisham, Ibn Humayd's successor as governor of Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Aftermath and impact.
The long civil war shattered the social and political order of the early Abbasid state, and a new system began to emerge under al-Ma'mun, which would characterize the middle period of the Abbasid Caliphate. The most tangible change was in the elites who supported the new regime: the "abnaʾ", the old Arab families and the members of the Abbasid dynasty itself lost their positions in the administrative and military machinery, and with them their influence and power. The provinces of the Caliphate were now grouped into larger units, often controlled by a hereditary dynasty, like the Tahirids in Khurasan or the Samanids in Transoxiana, usually of Iranian descent. At the same time, however, al-Ma'mun tried to lessen his dependence on the Iranian element of his empire, and counterbalanced them through the creation of two new military corps: Mu'tasim's Turkish slaves, and the Arab tribal army of the Byzantine frontier, which was now grouped together and placed under the command of al-Ma'mun's son al-Abbas. This system was further elaborated and acquired its definite characteristics in the reign of al-Mu'tasim, who created a tightly controlled, centralized state, and expanded his Turkish corps into an effective military force with which he waged campaigns against the Byzantines and internal rebellions alike. Its leaders came to political power as provincial governors, while the old Arab elites were sidelined. With the doctrine of Mu'tazilism, officially adopted in 829 after the end of the civil war, al-Ma'mun also tried to reconcile doctrinal differences in Islam and reduce social inequities.
At the same time, the willingness of al-Ma'mun and his successors to embrace the non-Arab populations of the Caliphate, especially in the Iranian east, as well as to entrust the governance of these provinces to local dynasties with considerable autonomy, helped to end a long series of religious rebellions and reconciled these populations to Islam: the rate of conversion during al-Ma'mun's reign increased markedly, and that was the time when most of the local princely families finally became Muslim. As El-Hibri comments, "in time this development represented a prelude to the emergence of autonomous provincial dynasties in the east, which would relate to the caliphal centre in nominal terms of loyalty only".

</doc>
<doc id="36645715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645715" title="Get Scared (EP)">
Get Scared (EP)

This is the second EP to be released by American band, Get Scared in 2010, on Amazon and iTunes as a digital download only. The EP appears on the band's Myspace. Two of the song's from the EP, "Sarcasm" and "Voodoo" were re-released on their debut album, Best Kind of Mess. With the song, "Deepest Cut" not being released on the album. This version of "Sarcasm" differs from the older version, "Setting Yourself Up for Sarcasm" from the 2009 EP Cheap Tricks and Theatrics, featuring lead vocalist Craig Mabbitt of Escape the Fate in the song.
Reception.
Erik Rojas from The Sound Alarm site gave the EP an 7.5/10 rating stating that, "This three song EP is overall solid, and it blends many forms of music together, to create a diverse sound, which can be hard to find in today’s scene."
Metal Odyssey reviewed the EP stating, "It’s the multi-combination of this band’s aggressive Hard Rock moments, moxie, unbridled relevance, harmonious vocals and the unfailing melodic nature of these three songs that makes this EP and Get Scared notably memorable" giving it a positive 4/5 rating.
Cyndi Jo of Hardrock Haven gave another positive rating of 8/10 stating, "The songs are solid with elements of post-hardcore with the screamo-whatever-core that fans have maintained popular. As far as guitar work and hard hitting vocal tactics go, it’s there, but it’s definitely time for the whole thing."

</doc>
<doc id="36645716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645716" title="Royal Army Medical College">
Royal Army Medical College

History.
The site, including that of the Tate Gallery (which opened in 1897), was previously occupied by the Millbank Penitentiary from 1821 to the late 19th century. The college was built by John Henry Townsend and Wilfred Ainslie in Imperial Baroque style. They also designed the adjoining Regimental Officers’ Mess and Commandant's House, in French Renaissance style. The buildings were opened by King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra on 15 May 1907. A statue of Sir James McGrigor, the father of army medicine, originally at the Royal Hospital, Chelsea was moved to the grounds in 1907.
Queen Alexandra's Military Hospital (Millbank) was built to the north of the Tate Gallery and opened in 1905.
Sir (Edwin) Cooper Perry (1856–1938) was knighted in 1903 for helping set up the college.
During the first World War the college was used to prepare vaccines, including a vaccine against typhoid which was developed at the college. The college also researched into protection against chemical warfare including the development of gas masks here. In the second World War, the college provided courses in tropical medicine. The college was seriously damaged in 1941 by bombs and the walls of the Tate Gallery nearby still show signs of the damage.
The area around the college including the Tate, former military hospital and other adjacent areas is a conservation area, although as at 2005 the hospital buildings were not listed.
1916 map of the area.
The map shows clearly the octagonal outline of the former penitentiary surrounding the small site. At the centre is the National Gallery of British Art, afterwards known as the Tate Gallery, and now as Tate Britain, with the college in the south of the site and hospital in the north. Most of the streets remain as at 2012 apart from Bulinga Street, most of which has been built over, and Dundonald Street which has been renamed 'John Islip Street'. There is a 'Census Office' at the rear of the gallery, long since gone.

</doc>
<doc id="36645722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645722" title="Lynn Johnston (disambiguation)">
Lynn Johnston (disambiguation)

Lynn Johnston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36645731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645731" title="Pierella hortona">
Pierella hortona

The White-barred Lady Slipper ("Pierella hortona") is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found east of the Andes in Ecuador, Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia. The habitat consists of rainforests and cloudforests at altitudes between 100 and 1600 m.
Adults have a dark brown upperside, with a central patch of blue. Both sexes feed on decomposing fungi and mouldy fruit.
The larvae feed on "Heliconia" and possibly "Calathea" species.

</doc>
<doc id="36645749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645749" title="Linda Johnson (disambiguation)">
Linda Johnson (disambiguation)

Linda Johnson is a poker player.
Linda Johnson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36645785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645785" title="Pareuptychia">
Pareuptychia

Pareuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36645812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645812" title="Pareuptychia hesionides">
Pareuptychia hesionides

Pareuptychia hesionides, the Hesionides Satyr, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="36645818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645818" title="Tsakana Nkandih">
Tsakana Nkandih

Tsakana Nkandih; is a Namibian beauty queen and model, elected as Miss Namibia 2012 and represented country in the Miss Universe 2012 pageant where she was unplaced.
Miss Namibia 2012.
Tsakana Nkandih has been crowned Miss Namibia 2012 at the Windhoek country club on Saturday night of 4 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36645839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645839" title="No Use for a Name discography">
No Use for a Name discography

The discography of No Use for a Name, a punk rock band active from 1987 to 2012, consists of eight studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, four EPs, one single, and seven music videos.
Other appearances.
The following No Use for a Name songs were released on compilation albums, soundtracks, and other releases. This is not an exhaustive list; songs that were first released on the band's albums, EPs, or singles are not included.

</doc>
<doc id="36645842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645842" title="Tight five">
Tight five

Tight five may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36645955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645955" title="Alexei Kirichenko">
Alexei Kirichenko

Alexei Illarionovoich Kirichenko (; 12(25) February 1908 – 28 December 1975) was a Soviet politician. Between 1957 and 1960 he was a Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and effectively the second person in the party after Nikita Khrushchev.
Biography.
Kirichenko was born in the village Chernobayevka of Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire in a family of Ukrainian factory worker. From the age of 11 he started earning for living by working in the fields and then at railways. After graduating from a mechanical school he worked in Kazakhstan as an engineer in a sovkhoz. He then returned to Ukraine to receive a university degree (1936) and teach agricultural engineering. In 1938, he became a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine and in 1941 its Secretary of Industry (later in 1949 he was promoted to the 2nd Secretary and in June 1953 to the 1st Secretary). During World War II, serving as a party functionary, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general. In 1953, he became a member of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet and in 1957 one of the secretaries of the Central Committee of the Communist Party. During 1957–1960, Kirichenko was effectively the second person in the Communist Party after Khrushchev, who was his patron since the 1930s. However, Khrushchev gradually became disappointed with Kirichenko whom he saw as a somewhat arrogant bureaucrat, not capable or willing to understand and solve the management problems, either on the national or international scale. As a result, in 1960 Kirichenko was demoted to the position of the first secretary of the Party Committee of Rostov Oblast and retired in 1962. He died in 1975 and was buried at the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="36645956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645956" title="Christoph Fildebrandt">
Christoph Fildebrandt

Christoph Fildebrandt (born 27 May 1989) is a German swimmer. He won a silver and a bronze medal in freestyle relays at the European and world short-course championships in 2010 and 2012, respectively. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, his team finished sixth in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36645963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645963" title="Dieter Dekoninck">
Dieter Dekoninck

Dieter Dekoninck (born 28 January 1991) is a Belgian swimmer. He is competing for Belgium at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36645978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645978" title="Pieter Timmers">
Pieter Timmers

Pieter Timmers (born January 21, 1988 in Neerpelt) is a Belgian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events. He currently holds nine Belgian records, and seven national titles in long and short course freestyle (50, 100, and 200). Timmers is currently a resident athlete for Brabo Antwerp, and trains under his personal coach Ronald Gaastra. He stands , and weighs .
Timmers qualified for three swimming events at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by clearing a FINA B-standard entry time of 48.92 (100 m freestyle) from the Belgian Championships in Antwerp, just a 0.10-second deficit from an A-cut and a Belgian record held by Yoris Grandjean. He also teamed up with Dieter Dekoninck, Emmanuel Vanluchene, and Jasper Aerents in the 4×100 m freestyle relay. Swimming the anchor leg, Timmers recorded a fastest split of 48.18, but the Belgian team rounded out the finale to last place in 3:14.40.
On the fourth day of the Games, Timmers competed in two different events with 90 minutes in between. In the 100 m freestyle, he topped the seventh heat by beating seven other swimmers, including two-time Olympic champion Yannick Agnel of France. Swimming in lane eight and standing at two metres tall, he blasted a new Belgian record of 48.54 to pick up a matching sixth seed with Cayman Islands' Brett Fraser from the preliminary heats. Followed by the evening session, Timmers fell short in his bid for the final, as he matched a twelfth-place finish with Australia's James Roberts in his semifinal run, outside a record time of 48.57. Timmers placed twelfth as a member of the Belgian team in the 4×200 m freestyle relay. Teaming with Dekoninck, Louis Croenen, and Glenn Surgeloose, Timmers anchored the entire race with a split of 1:48.28 to set a Belgian record of 7:14.44 in the heats.
At the 2012 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Chartres, France, Timmers earned his first two career medals in an international level. In the 200 m freestyle, he touched second behind Agnel with a new short-course Belgian record of 1:43.08. Timmers also solidified his Belgian team (Vanluchene, Grandjean, and Aerents) with a bronze in the 4×50 m freestyle relay, posting their time of 1:25.60.

</doc>
<doc id="36645986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36645986" title="Emmanuel Vanluchene">
Emmanuel Vanluchene

Emmanuel Vanluchene (born 9 December 1992) is a Belgian swimmer. He is competing for Belgium at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36646000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646000" title="Ignaty Krachkovsky">
Ignaty Krachkovsky

Ignaty Yulianovich Krachkovsky (Russian: "Игна́тий Юлиа́нович Крачко́вский" (4 (16) March 1883, Vilnius — 24 January 1951, Leningrad) was a Russian and Soviet Arabist, academician of the Russian Academy of Science (since 1921; since 1925 Academy of Science of the USSR).
Krachkovsky was one of the founders of the Soviet school of Arab studies.
Krachkovsky is known for authoring the translation of Quran into Russian. His book of recollections "Among Arabic Manuscripts" was awarded Stalin Prize (in 1951).

</doc>
<doc id="36646007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646007" title="Graeme Moore">
Graeme Moore

Graeme John Moore (born 28 January 1989) is a South African swimmer. He is competing for South Africa at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is 6'6" 215 Lbs.

</doc>
<doc id="36646023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646023" title="1985 ABN World Tennis Tournament">
1985 ABN World Tennis Tournament

The 1985 ABN World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands. It was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament was held from 18 March through 24 March 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36646029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646029" title="Markhamia lutea">
Markhamia lutea

Markhamia lutea or Nile tulip, Nile Trumpet or Siala tree is a tree species of the plant family Bignoniaceae, native to eastern Africa and cultivated for its large bright yellow flowers. It is related to the African tulip tree.

</doc>
<doc id="36646030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646030" title="Andrea Rolla">
Andrea Rolla

Andrea Rolla (born 4 December 1989) is an Italian swimmer. He is competing for Italy at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36646038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646038" title="Ena gramma">
Ena gramma

Ena Gramma (Greek: "Ένα Γράμμα"; English: "One Letter") is the 11th studio album by Greek singer Yannis Parios. It was released in Greece in 1981 by Minos EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36646054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646054" title="Gianni Ferrio">
Gianni Ferrio

Gianni Ferrio (15 November 1924 – 21 October 2013) was an Italian composer, conductor and music arranger. 
Born in Vicenza, Ferrio studied at conservatories of Vicenza and Venice. He started working at the end of the fifties, and was pretty active as a composer of film scores, signing about 120 sound-tracks especially for spaghetti westerns and commedie sexy all'italiana. His piece "One Silver Dollar", the main theme of the sound-track of Giorgio Ferroni's "Un dollaro bucato", was later included in the sound-track of Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds".
He was also well known for his work in pop music, particularly for his collaboration with Mina, for whom he composed, among others, the hit song "Parole parole", and wrote arrangements and orchestrations for numerous of her songs and albums. The last collaboration with Mina was for her 2012 album "12 (American Song Book)", for which Ferrio traditionally provided the string arrangements. 
He was the official conductor for Sanremo Music Festival in 1959 and 1962 and for the Eurovision Song Contest 1965. He also took part, as conductor, in several important Italian TV-shows.
Ferrio was married to actress Alba Arnova.

</doc>
<doc id="36646070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646070" title="Ralf J. Sommer">
Ralf J. Sommer

Ralf J. (Josef) Sommer (* 1963) is a German biologist specializing in evolutionary developmental biology.
Scientific career.
Sommer studied biology at the RWTH Aachen University, at the University of Tübingen and at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich where he obtained his Diplom degree in 1989 and earned his Ph.D. in the lab of Diethard Tautz on a study of the evolution of segmentation genes in insects in 1992. His work was one of the first molecular studies in the field of evolutionary developmental biology (evo-devo in short), a discipline that started its revival in the late 1980s and early 1990s. From 1993-1995 he was a Research Fellow at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. Since 1999, he has been Director of the department Evolutionary Biology at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology in Tübingen, Germany and was appointed Adjunct Professor (Honorarprofessor) at the University of Tübingen in 2002.
Professional contributions.
Ralf Sommer works in the field of evolutionary developmental biology on nematodes. He has developed and established the nematode "Pristionchus pacificus" as a model system for integrative studies in evolutionary biology. Described in 1996 as a new species by Sommer and co-workers, "P. pacificus" has grown as an important model system, in which laboratory studies that aim for a mechanistic understanding of evolution can be combined with fieldwork. The latter allows ecological and population genetic studies to complement the gene-centered and development-centered perspectives of evo-devo.
The original work of Sommer´s research focused on the evolution of developmental processes showing that homologous structures can be generated by distinct molecular mechanisms, a phenomenon now known as developmental systems drift. More recent work incorporates many additional areas of evolutionary biology. The nematode "P. pacificus" is associated with scarab beetles, an observation that provides an ecological framework and represents one of the cornerstones of his current research. Similarly, a population genetic framework for "P. pacificus" research has been established with the identification and exploration of La Réunion Island in the Indian Ocean, where this nematode shows an extraordinary genetic diversity. "P. pacificus" work on La Réunion Island is supported by a field station at the local Insectarium in Le Port. The integrative research program on "P. pacificus" represents a major paradigm shift for studying phenotypic evolution, by simultaneously investigating in one organism, the same patterns and processes from independent evolutionary perspectives.
Consequently, the most recent studies investigate the evolution of novelty, focusing on developmental (phenotypic) plasticity as a facilitator of biological diversity. Specifically, the combination of laboratory studies with fieldwork allows new insight into the molecular mechanisms of developmental plasticity.

</doc>
<doc id="36646072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646072" title="Péter Bernek">
Péter Bernek

Péter Bernek (born 13 April 1992) is a Hungarian swimmer. He competed for Hungary at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36646073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646073" title="Yejamana">
Yejamana

Yajamana () is a 2000 Kannada language film directed by Sheshadri and Radha Bharathi (who earlier directed a Tamil film "Vaigasi Poranthachu"). It is based on the plot of Tamil film "Vanathai Pola". The film features Vishnuvardhan, Prema, Shashikumar and Abhijeeth and others. The film was a run away block buster hit running for a whole year in the theaters and looting the box office.
Records.
Many people started wearing the 'traditional panche' after the movie was released. The tickets for the movie were sold out at least two weeks in advance and the black ticket were sold for Rs.1000 in 2000. The movie created various records. The film broke all previous records and ran for a whole year in many main theaters including Ramakanth Theater in Mangalore and Shankar Theater in Chitradurga. The film completed 35 weeks in more than 15 main centers and 25 weeks in more than 25 main centers across Karnataka. The Tamil Production house Oscar Films by Venu Ravichandran had organized a grand function at the Kanteerava Indoor Stadium, Bengaluru on Sunday the 20th of May to celebrate the success of the film. The function was attended by lot of dignitaries like minister Roshan Baig, former minister Ekanthaiah and K.C.N.Chandru and thousands of Vishnu fans. When asked the actor about this in an interview, "I have reached 175 films and I feel that doing one or two films a year is all right. I am very busy for the next few years with projects. I am being very selective", he said.
Soundtrack.
The official soundtrack contains all songs tuned by Rajesh Ramanath with all the tunes reprising from the Tamil original composed by S. A. Rajkumar. The lyrics were penned by K. Kalyan.

</doc>
<doc id="36646088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646088" title="Craig Gibbons">
Craig Gibbons

Craig Gibbons (born 29 November 1985) is a British swimmer. 
Swimming career.
International Appearances include:
2012.
Gibbons represented Great Britain in the 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
2013.
Targets.
50 freestyle sub 20.00 LC
100 freestyle sub 46.00 LC

</doc>
<doc id="36646097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646097" title="James Disney-May">
James Disney-May

James Disney-May (born 4 August 1992) is a British swimmer. He competed for Great Britain in the 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36646106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646106" title="Shi Tengfei">
Shi Tengfei

Shi Tengfei (born 5 October 1988) is a Chinese swimmer. He is competing for China at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36646112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646112" title="National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Moldova">
National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Moldova

The National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Moldova ( CNORM) is responsible for Republic of Moldova's participation in the Olympic Games. It was formed in 1991 in Chișinău, and recognized two years later. 

</doc>
<doc id="36646119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646119" title="Thomas Gossland">
Thomas Gossland

Thomas Gossland 
(born 10 May 1989) is a Canadian swimmer. He competed for Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 4x100 freestyle relay.
Results.
Thomas Gossland finished top ten in the relay with Brent Hayden, Richard Hortness and Colin Russell.
Career.
Gossland grew up and learned to swim in Nanaimo. He then moved to Vancouver in 2007 to attend the University of British Columbia. There, he competed with the Thunderbirds, UBC's swimming team, and broke records set by Hayden, a future team member in the relay. He then earned a spot on the 2012 Canadian Olympic team at the Olympic trials.

</doc>
<doc id="36646134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646134" title="Hans Op de Beeck">
Hans Op de Beeck

Hans Op de Beeck (1969, Turnhout) is a Belgian visual artist who lives and works in Brussels.
The artist and the oeuvre.
Hans Op de Beeck has developed his career through international exhibitions over the past ten years. His work consists of sculptures, installations, video work, photography, animated films, drawings, paintings and writing (short stories). It is his quest for the most effective way of presenting the concrete contents of each work that determines the medium that the artist ultimately selects. The scale can vary from the size of a small watercolour to a large, three-dimensional installation of 300m2.
The artist not only uses a very wide variety of media, but also deliberately employs a diversity of aesthetic forms, ranging from an economical, minimalist visual language to overloaded, exaggerated designs, always with the aim of articulating the content of the work as precisely as possible.
Themes.
Thematically, the work concentrates on our laborious and problematic relationship with time, space and each other. Op de Beeck shows the viewer non-existent, but identifiable places, moments and characters that appear to have been taken from contemporary everyday life, aiming thereby to capture in his images the tragicomic absurdity of our postmodern existence. Key themes are the disappearance of distances, the disembodiment of the individual and the abstraction of time that have resulted from globalisation and the changes to our living environment that developments in media, automation and technology have brought about.
Hans Op de Beeck sometimes calls his works "proposals"; they are irrefutably fictional, constructed and staged, leaving it up to the viewer whether to take the work seriously, as a sort of parallel reality, or immediately to put it into perspective, as no more than a visual construct. His work is nourished by an interest in social and cultural reflection. The artist also questions the difficult relationship between reality and representation, between what we see and what we want to believe, between what is and what we create for ourselves in order to make it easier to deal with our own insignificance and lack of identity. The visual output of that investigation often produces slumbering, insidious, melancholy and astonishing images.
Works.
"In My Brother's Gardens".
"In My Brother's Gardens" is a 2003 film adapted from his own 2001 novella, based around the metaphor of formal Baroque gardens as a bastion against the unpredictability of life.

</doc>
<doc id="36646155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646155" title="Congenital glaucoma">
Congenital glaucoma

Congenital glaucoma is evident either at birth or within the first few years of life. This condition is caused by abnormalities in anterior chamber angle development that obstruct aqueous outflow in the absence of systemic anomalies.
Ocular manifestations.
The typical infant who has congenital glaucoma usually is initially referred to an ophthalmologist because of apparent corneal edema. The commonly described triad of epiphora (excessive tearing), blepharospasm and photophobia may be missed until the corneal edema becomes apparent.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis is clinical. The intraocular pressure (IOP) can be measured in the office in a conscious swaddled infant using a Tonopen or hand-held Goldmann tonometer. Usually, the IOP in normal infants is in the range of 11-14 mmHg.
Differential diagnosis.
Corneal cloudiness may have a myriad of causes. Corneal opacity that results from hereditary dystrophies is usually symmetric.
Corneal enlargement may result from megalocornea, a condition in which the diameter of the cornea is larger than usual and the eye is otherwise normal.
Systemic associations.
Two of the more commonly encountered disorders that may be associated with congenital glaucoma are Aniridia and Sturge-Weber syndrome.
Treatment.
The preferred treatment of congenital glaucoma is surgical not medical. The initial procedures of choice are goniotomy or trabeculotomy if the cornea is clear, and trabeculectomy ab externo if the cornea is hazy. The success rates are similar for both procedures in patients with clear corneas. Trabeculectomy and shunt procedures should be reserved for those cases in which goniotomy or trabeculectomy has failed. Cyclophotocoagulation is necessary in some intractable cases but should be avoided whenever possible because of its potential adverse
effects on the lens and the retina.

</doc>
<doc id="36646165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646165" title="Joseph Incandela">
Joseph Incandela

Joseph "Joe" Incandela is an American particle physicist, a Professor of Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara and currently based at CERN where he spent two years as the spokesperson for the Compact Muon Solenoid experiment at the Large Hadron Collider.
Biography.
Incandela received his PhD from the University of Chicago in 1986. He worked on the UA2 experiment at CERN to study the recently discovered W and Z bosons before searching for charged Higgs bosons. He then moved back to the US in 1991 to work at FNAL where he led the construction and design of silicon detectors and co-led the search for the top quark using lifetime tagging of b quark jets. This channel had the strongest contribution to the top quark discovery in 1995. Since 1997 he has been involved with the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, initially leading the construction of a large part of the tracking system for the Compact Muon Solenoid (CMS) experiment. In 2011 he was elected to be the spokesperson for the CMS experiment.
On July 4, 2012, Incandela announced the discovery of the Higgs Boson.
Incandela was succeeded as CMS spokesperson by Tiziano Camporesi in January 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="36646196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646196" title="Tourism in Mizoram">
Tourism in Mizoram

Mizoram is a state in the northeast of India. Mizoram is considered by many as a beautiful place due to its dramatic landscape and pleasant climate. There have been many attempts to increase revenue through tourism but many potential tourists find the lack of amenities to be a hurdle. However, the State continues to promote itself and many projects have been initiated. The tourism ministry continues to maintain or upgrade its tourist lodges throughout the state. Foreign tourists are required to obtain an 'inner line permit' under the special permit before visiting. The permit can be obtained from Indian missions abroad for a limited number of days or direct from Mizoram Government authorities within India. The state is rich in bird diversity, which has the potentiality to make it a major birding destination. For Mrs Hume's Pheasant "Syrmaticus humiae", Mizoram is a stronghold. There is also a rare record of the Wild Water Buffalo from the state. There are several past records of the Sumatran rhinoceros from Mizoram, then Lushai Hills. The small population of wild elephants can be seen in Ngengpui and Dampa Sanctuaries. Some of the interesting sites are Mizo Poets' Square also knawn as Mizo Hlakungpui Mual in Mizo, the Great Megaliths locally known as 'Kawtchhuah Ropui'.
Major Towns Cities of Mizoram.
Aizawl.
Aizawl is the capital of the state of Mizoram in India. It is also the centre of all important government offices, state assembly house and civil secretariat. The main tourist attraction in Aizawl are:
Champhai.
Champhai is a border town in Mizoram state. Set on an altitude of 1678 metres, the town overlooks a patch of flat land which happens to be the largest plain area in the state and also commands a good view of the adjoining hill ranges of Myanmar from which the forefathers of the Mizos immigrated ages ago. Some of the more popular tourist spots near Champhai are:
" LALRUANGA LUNG" is located in N.Khawbung Village ( Champhai district),N.khawbung is not far from Champhai town, around16 km from champhai. Champhai is 194 km from Aizawl. Lalruanga history is one of the interesting, excellent and famous in MIZO folktales. On this rock ( Lalruanga lung), Legendary Lalruanga's met his fateful end. ( 'Lalruanga' is a personal name, and 'Lung' means Stone/rock)
Thenzawl.
Thenzawl is a beautiful town located in the middle of Mizoram, the main tourist attractions are:
Lunglei.
Lunglei is a town, situated in the south-central part of Mizoram. The Main Tourist Attractions in Lunglei are:
Hill Stations.
Hmuifang Tlang.
Hmuifang is a tourist spot near Aizawl, Mizoram. It is about 50 km from Aizawl With an elevation of 1619 metres, the mountain is still covered with virgin forests reserved since the Mizo Chief's time. Hmuifang is on the way to Lunglei.
Reiek Tlang.
Reiek is a tourist 12 km from Aizawl.It rest at an elevation of 1548 metres, overlooking Aizawl and offers view of the surrounding valleys and hills, on a clear day the plains of Bangladesh can be seen from the top of the hill. Reiek Hill is surrounded by thick lush green temperate trees and bushes.
Lakes.
Palak Dil.
Palak dïl (lit. "Palak Lake") or Pala Tipo (in Mara language) is the biggest lake in Mizoram
Tam Dil.
Tam Dil Lake is a reservoir located in the hills 6 km from Saitual, a nearby town and 110 km from Aizawl
Waterfalls.
Vantawng Falls.
Vantawng Falls (called "Vantawng Khawhthla" in Mizo language) is located south of Thenzawl in Serchhip district in the Indian state of Mizoram. It is a two-tiered waterfall with a total height of .
Festivals.
Young Mizos are leaving traditional customs and adopting new ways of life which are greatly influenced by Western culture. Christmas is probably the biggest festival and local communities contribute towards large feasts, typically organised by nearby churches, where many hundreds in a local community would eat together. Traditional Mizo social gatherings revolve around the agricultural calendar.
Mim Kut.
The Mim Kut Festival is usually celebrated during the months of August and September, after the harvest of maize. "Mim Kut" is celebrated with great fanfare by (illegally) drinking rice-beer, singing, dancing, and feasting. Samples of the year's harvests are consecrated to the departed souls of the community.
Chapchar Kut.
Chapchar Kut is another festival celebrated during March after completion of their most arduous task of Jhum operation i.e., jungle-clearing (clearing of the remnants of burning). This is a spring festival celebrated with great fervour and gaiety.
Pawl Kut.
Pawl Kut Festival; Pawl means “Straw” hence pawl kut means a straw harvest festival. It is typically celebrated in December and is another important festival.
Wild Life.
Phawngpui.
Phawngpui is the highest mountain peak in Mizoram, rising about 2157 metres high near the Myanmar border in Chhimtuipui District. Phawngpui Peak is famous for orchids and rhododendrons.
Dampa Tiger Reserve.
Dampa Tiger Reserveis the largest wildlife sanctuary in Mizoram, was notified in 1985 and declared a Tiger Reserve in 1944. It is situated in the western part of Mizoram state, on the international border with Bangladesh about 127 km from Aizawl. It covers an area of approximately 550 km². The tropical Forests of Dampa are home to rich flora and fauna. It consists of forest interpolated with steep precipitous hills, deep valleys, jungle streams, ripping rivulets, natural salts licks, with an altitudinal zone of 200 - 800 mts. Dampa Tiger Reserve is a part of Project Tiger funded by the Government of India.
Murlen National Park.
Murlen National Park is a national park located in the Champhai district Mizoram in India.
The size of the park area is 200 km². The park is situated about 245 km east of Aizawl, and is close to the Chin Hills. It covers an area of approximately 100 km2. The Tropical, Semi evergreeen and Sub montane Forests of Murlen are home to a rich variety of Flora and Fauna. About 15 species of mammals, 150 species of birds, 35 species of Medicinal plants. 2 species of bamboos & 4 species of orchids so far have been recorded in this Park.At present, 36 people are involved in conservation work of Murlen National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36646198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646198" title="The Hot Potato">
The Hot Potato

The Hot Potato is a comedy crime thriller film from 2011. It was directed and written by Tim Lewiston and stars Ray Winstone, Colm Meaney and Jack Huston in the lead roles. This British film is a throwback to the crime caper films that were popular in the 1960s and pays homage to several of these, including The Italian Job.
Plot.
One evening in 1969, a Ministry of Defence's facility in London is completely destroyed by a huge explosion. To their surprise, Danny (Jack Huston) and Kenny (Ray Winstone) come into possession of a strange object from the blast; a large lump of solid Uranium which looks remarkably like a hot potato.
The pair quickly learn of their find's potential worth as well as its radioactive dangers. With the aid of Danny's girlfriend, Carole (Lois Winstone) the three set off on an adventure, dodging police and other sinister criminals also on the hunt for this prized find.

</doc>
<doc id="36646207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646207" title="Wohti ley ke jaani ay">
Wohti ley ke jaani ay

Wohti leke jani aye is a Pakistani Punjabi movie released in 2011.
Cast and director.
Director: Syed Noor
Actors: Shaan, Saima, Haya Ali, Ifitkhar Thakar, Raheel Agha, Amanat Chan
Plot.
It is a love story between boy (Shan) and girl (Saima Khan) of two different castes.It is also a comedy film and said as super hit in Pakistan film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="36646210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646210" title="Sadegh Gashni">
Sadegh Gashni

Sadegh Gashni () is an Iranian football midfielder, who played for Paykan in Iran's Premier Football League. 
Career.
Gashni joined Paykan in Summer 2012 after a season playing in Iranjavan. 

</doc>
<doc id="36646218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646218" title="Hamburg Stock Exchange">
Hamburg Stock Exchange

The Hamburg Stock Exchange () is a stock exchange founded in 1558 in the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg. It is the oldest stock exchange in Germany. Four different individual exchanges now exist under its umbrella: the Insurance Exchange, Grain Exchange, Coffee Exchange, along with the General Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="36646226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646226" title="Sony Alpha 57">
Sony Alpha 57

The Sony Alpha 57 (model name SLT-A57) is a Digital single-lens reflex camera that replaces the A55 in 2012. The camera features an electronic viewfinder and a translucent mirror. The main advantage of a translucent mirror is that it needn't flip up out of the way when taking a picture in order to expose the sensor, but the camera can focus and capture images simultaneously. The camera's 15-point autofocus system can be set to single, continuous or automatic and is arranged towards the centre. The 12 fps burst mode is available only in "speed priority" mode but can reach up to 5.5 fps burst rate in combination with any other settings.

</doc>
<doc id="36646230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646230" title="Debra Daniel">
Debra Daniel

Debra Daniel (born 4 March 1991 in Pohnpei) is a Micronesian swimmer. She competed for Micronesia at the 2012 Summer Olympics and ranked at 56. Daniel did not advance to the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36646254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646254" title="Çamlıpınar">
Çamlıpınar

Çamlıpınar is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the forests. Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Çamlıpınar is 387 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36646269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646269" title="Mirali Mausoleum">
Mirali Mausoleum

Mirali mausoleum () – is a mausoleum in Ashaghi Veysalli village in Fuzuli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The mausoleum was constructed in the beginning of the 14th century. The name of the mausoleum is famous in legends. It was located near an old road between Beylagan and Barda, a stone’s throw from the center of Fizuli Rayon.
Architecture.
Mirali mausoleum is a tower-type mausoleum. Narrow cylindrical housing of the mausoleum with diameter of 5 meters and a conic ending of 15 meters heights is built from rows of thoroughly dressed and bedded stone. A well-composed housing with a conic marquee, which is covered with excellently dressed stone plates and decorated with a portal with shaped margin and a woven twist under foundation of the marquee, stands on a short, three-laddered pedestal. The marquee is constructed from thoroughly bedded stone plates.

</doc>
<doc id="36646273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646273" title="Çaltıbükü">
Çaltıbükü

Çaltıbükü is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the valley of Dragon creek. The distance to Anamur is . The population of Çaltıbükü is 163 as of 2011. It is planned that a part of the village (along with Akine, Sarıağaç and Ormancık) will be submerged in Alaköprü Dam reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="36646285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646285" title="Boğuntu">
Boğuntu

Boğuntu is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in a basin of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Anamur is about . The population of Boğuntu is 376 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36646297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646297" title="Aşağıkükür">
Aşağıkükür

Aşağıkükür is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the forests at . The population of Aşağıkükür is 180 as of 2011. Up until 1970 Aşağıkükür was a part of Kükür

</doc>
<doc id="36646317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646317" title="Alataş">
Alataş

Alataş is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. Situated to the north of Ören at it is almost merged to Anamur. The population of Alataş is 480 as of 2011. Banana is the main crop of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36646374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646374" title="Shhh! (EP)">
Shhh! (EP)

Shhh! is an EP by Flying Lotus, released independently in August 2008. It contains remixes and was limited to 500 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36646376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646376" title="Eugenia Hirivskaya">
Eugenia Hirivskaya

Eugenia Hirivskaya (Russian:Евгения Владимировна Хиривская, born 3 September 1981 in Moscow) is a Russian actress. She is best known for playing Kalinka is the Belgian television series Matroesjka's.
Biography.
She studied at the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts and obtained her diploma in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36646402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646402" title="Darryl Yong">
Darryl Yong

Darryl Yong (, born on 26 April 1985) is a Singaporean actor.
Career.
Yong was a contestant on Project SuperStar 2005 and Star Search 2010. Although he was eliminated in the Star Search Grand Finals he was one of seven of the top 10 finalists offered a contract by MediaCorp. He has since acted in both English and Chinese language productions by MediaCorp.
Personal life.
Yong graduated from Temasek Polytechnic with a diploma in law and management. He was a flight attendant with Singapore Airlines prior to entering the entertainment industry.

</doc>
<doc id="36646416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646416" title="Corby by-election, 2012">
Corby by-election, 2012

The Corby by-election was a by-election held in England on 15 November 2012 to elect a new Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Corby in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The election was held on the same day as by-elections in Cardiff South and Penarth and Manchester Central, the first direct election for the post of Mayor of Bristol, and the first Police and Crime Commissioner elections. Andy Sawford, the Labour Party candidate, won with 48% of the vote. The Conservatives' and Liberal Democrats' vote dropped significantly and UKIP came third with their highest-ever vote in a parliamentary by-election to that date.
Background.
Formed in 1983, the Corby constituency had been held by the Labour Party since 1997, but was captured by the Conservative candidate, author Louise Mensch (elected under her maiden name, Louise Bagshawe), at the 2010 general election. In an email to the Prime Minister David Cameron on 6 August 2012, Mrs Mensch confirmed her intention to move to New York to spend time with her new husband, Peter Mensch, whose work is there, and their family. Louise Mensch was appointed Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead, thereby resigning her seat in the House of Commons, on 29 August 2012.
All registered Parliamentary electors (i.e. British, Irish and Commonwealth citizens living in the UK and British citizens living overseas) who were aged 18 or over on 15 November 2012 and were on the electoral register for the constituency, were entitled to vote in the by-election. The deadline for voters to register to vote in the by-election was midnight on Wednesday 31 October 2012. However, those who qualified as an anonymous elector had until midnight on Thursday 8 November 2012 to register to vote.
Election campaign.
Ed Miliband launched the Labour campaign in the East Northamptonshire town of Thrapston rather than the traditional Labour stronghold of Corby.
In an interview with the Northamptonshire Telegraph at the campaign launch in Corby, UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage said: “We intend to put together a serious campaign here."
A poll conducted 12–18 October by Lord Ashcroft in the constituency found 54% for Labour, 32% for the Conservatives, 10% for the Liberal Democrats and 8% for other candidates.
James Delingpole, who writes for "The Daily Telegraph" and is sceptical of climate change, stated his intention to run as an independent, on a platform opposing wind farms. Delingpole stated this ambition on 17 September 2012 and met with prospective local voters. However, he never formally applied, pulling out after support from the Conservative energy minister, John Hayes, opposing onshore wind farms, which caused a minor rift between Conservative and Liberal Democrat ministers. Chris Heaton-Harris, (Con, Daventry) and campaign manager for the party at the by-election, was secretly filmed saying he had encouraged Delingpole to run as a "plan" whereby Delingpole would say he would stand, though he would never actually do so, in order to "cause some hassle" and thus promote opposition to wind farms. Lewes councillor, Donna Edmonds (Con) set up Delingpole's wind-farm campaign website. Both Heaton-Harris and Edmonds argued they had not broken any party rules on supporting an opposition candidate on the grounds that Delingpole never formally became a candidate. The news of the secret footage broke before the election in the national press.
Result.
The total ballots issued were 35,775, and there were 110 spoilt ballots. The result was the second largest numerical majority ever in the Corby constituency (for any party) since its creation in 1983 (only 1997 was higher). In percentage terms, the Labour majority is only slightly lower than that in 1997 (21.8% compared to 22.0%). The result also represented the highest ever vote and share for UKIP at a parliamentary by-election at the time (the highest share record was broken at Rotherham two weeks later, and the record for largest number of UKIP votes polled in a by-election was broken at Eastleigh in February 2013). Corby was also the fourth by-election (out of nine in Great Britain up to that time) of the 2010 parliament at which the Liberal Democrats lost their deposit.
This was the first seat gained by Labour in a by-election since the Wirral South by-election in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36646428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646428" title="Vitus Eicher">
Vitus Eicher

Vitus Eicher (born 5 November 1990) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for TSV 1860 München in the 2. Bundesliga.
On 23 April 2013, Eicher scored his first goal of his career in a Regionalliga Bayern game against TSV Buchbach. After a blocked free kick, Eicher corralled the ball and launched it 70 meters down the field in the 58th minute. After one bounce, the ball sailed over the opposing netminder's head giving Eicher the goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36646430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646430" title="David Jelínek">
David Jelínek

David Jelínek (born September 7, 1990) is a Czech professional basketball player for Laboral Kutxa. He is a 1.95 m tall shooting guard.
Professional career.
He grew up with the BC Brno, a Division 3 team in Czech Republic. He moved to Spain for the 2007-08 season, signed by Joventut Badalona. 
In the summer of 2012, Jelínek signed a contract with Olin Edirne and in January 2013, he leaves the Turkish club for signing a new contract with Caja Laboral.
David Jelínek is currently the only Czech playing Euroleague.
Czech Republic national team.
Jelínek is a member of both the junior Czech Republic national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36646431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646431" title="Carnate-Usmate railway station">
Carnate-Usmate railway station

Carnate-Usmate railway station is a railway station in Italy. It is located at the cross of the Lecco–Milan railway with the Seregno–Bergamo railway. It serves the municipalities of Carnate and Usmate Velate.
Services.
Carnate-Usmate is served by the line S8 of the Milan suburban railway service and by the regional lines Milan–Carnate–Bergamo and Carnate–Seregno, all operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36646436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646436" title="Bridge Protocol Data Unit">
Bridge Protocol Data Unit

Bridge Protocol Data Units (BPDUs) are frames that contain information about the Spanning tree protocol (STP). Switches send BPDUs using a unique MAC address from its origin port and a multicast address as destination MAC (01:80:C2:00:00:00).
For STP algorithms to function, the switches need to share information about themselves and their connections. What they share are bridge protocol data units (BPDUs). BPDUs are sent out as multicast frames to which only other layer 2 switches or bridges are listening. If any loops (multiple possible paths between switches) are found in the network topology, the switches will co-operate to disable a port or ports to ensure that there are no loops; that is, from one device to any other device in the layer 2 network, only one path can be taken.
If any changes occur in the layer 2 network, such as when link goes down, a new link is added, a new switch is added, or a switch fails, the switches share this information by transmitting BPDUs, causing the STP algorithm to be re-executed, and a new loop-free topology is then created. STP and BPDUs help speed up convergence (routing). Convergence is a term used in networking to describe the amount of time it takes to deal with changes and get the network back up and running. The default BPDU advertisement time of 2 seconds allows changes to be quickly shared with all the other switches in the network, reducing the amount of time any disruption would create.
There are three kinds of BPDUs:
By default the BPDUs are sent every 2 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36646465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646465" title="Cesano Boscone railway station">
Cesano Boscone railway station

Cesano Boscone is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Mortara–Milan railway, it serves the town of Cesano Boscone.
Services.
Cesano Boscone is served by the line S9 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36646466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646466" title="Neomobile">
Neomobile

Neomobile is a multinational mobile commerce group, operating in the mobile payment and mobile entertainment sectors, headquartered in Rome, Italy. Neomobile provides interactive digital content and services for mobile users in partnership with carriers, in over 70 countries worldwide.
Neomobile has offices in London, Paris, Milan, Madrid, Istanbul, Belgrade, Reus, Berlin, Mumbai, San Francisco, Mexico City and São Paulo.
Overview.
Neomobile provides mobile entertainment services (chat and dating, games, apps, music, infotainment) in partnership with carriers worldwide. Services are distributed through several channels, as mobile Internet, wap, Web and SMS. The company reports that it is a leader in Italy, Brazil, France, Spain, Bogota, Mexico and Turkey. It also operates with its Mobile Entertainment services also in India, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. Onebip, acquired by Neomobile in 2011, is a mobile payment platform. Payment solutions are based on Premium SMS, Mobile Direct Billing and DSL Payment technologies, and it is available in more than 70 countries. Payment services are available for virtual goods, social networks and free-to-play services, users pay for these services through their phone bill.
History.
In 2004, Neomobile was the VAS business unit of the Italian telco Teleunit. After the Spin-off of Teleunit in 2007 Neomobile was incorporated, with the services launched in Spain and Brazil, including Dindo (on line games, wallpapers and ringtones). In 2008 MPS Venture (Private Equity Fund of Montepaschi Group) invests in Neomobile, and the company concludes the acquisition of Spanish Arena Mobile, a mobile content provider.
In 2009, Neomobile launched a partnership program with leading social networks and dating companies enabling mobile access and mobile micropayment. BlueGem CP LLP invests in Neomobile becoming a second key shareholder of the company. The same year Neomobile launches D2C services in Mexico.
In 2010, Neomobile acquired Zero9, the Brazilian on line dating and community service provider, and launched Neomobile Gaming for mobile gambling services and D2C services in India.
In 2011 NeoPowerAd, a Premium Mobile Adnetwork was launched and 2 major acquisitions were completed: Onebip and Turkish UCT Group.
In December, 2011 Neomobile launched its services in Colombia and had a minor investment in Pantea, a software development company for mobile advertising and mobile marketing.
Awards.
In 2010 Neomobile won the ME Award in the Best D2C Company category and the Italian Change Management and the Well-being at Work Award by IOè (Best HR Manager, Best Executive Manager, Best Italian Abroad, Best Foreigner in Italy and Best Freelance). 
In 2011 Neomobile was a finalist of ME Awards in the Best Transaction Provider category and it was named one of the Top 10 Fastest Growing Digital Media European Company at Media Momentum Awards 2011, organized by GP Bullhound. 
In 2012 Neomobile was listed as one of the Top 10 Fastest Growing Digital Media European Company at Media Momentum Awards 2012 and it is named one of the Deloitte 2012 Technology Fast 500™ companies.

</doc>
<doc id="36646474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646474" title="Li Shishi (politician)">
Li Shishi (politician)

Li Shishi (; born July 1953) is a Chinese politician.
Biography.
Li was born in Changsha, Hunan in 1953. He graduated from English Department of Hunan Normal University in 1977, and admitted to China Foreign Affairs University, pursuing a master degree from 1981 to 1984.
He was appointed to be the Chairman of the Legislative Affairs Commission of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36646499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646499" title="Geir Rognø">
Geir Rognø

Geir Aimar Rognø (born 31 March 1963 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian Musician (bass), known from the band «Hot Cargo» with the Bergen Guitarist Ole Thomsen.
Career.
Roognø has played with musicians such as Jan Eggum, Dag Arnesen, Ole Thomsen, Mads Eriksen, Jan Teigen, Thor Endresen, Egil Eldøen, Rune Hauge and Kim Fairchild, and bands like Pål Thowsen Band, «Hot Cargo», «Gruv», «Funkaholics», «Little Big Band» and «Kjersti Misje Band» plus a number of international artists. He is known from numerous TV projects. Rognø started with Jazz fusion in the 1980s in the band Little Big Band. Inspired from The Crusaders and «Spyro Gyro», Dave Grusin and Herbie Hancock, this was a band in the forefront of Norwegian fusion music. He evolved a slap hand technique with inspirations from Stanley Clarke and Larry Graham. In the 80s, he worked as a freelance musician, with many jobs for theater.

</doc>
<doc id="36646540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646540" title="Trezzano sul Naviglio railway station">
Trezzano sul Naviglio railway station

Trezzano sul Naviglio railway station is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Mortara–Milan railway, it serves the town of Trezzano sul Naviglio.
Services.
Trezzano sul Naviglio is served by the line S9 of the Milan suburban railway service, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36646545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646545" title="CA Boca Juniors (beach soccer)">
CA Boca Juniors (beach soccer)

CA Boca Juniors has a professional beach soccer team based in Argentina.
Mundialito de Clubes 2012 squad.
Coach: Gustavo Casado

</doc>
<doc id="36646599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646599" title="Cusano Milanino railway station">
Cusano Milanino railway station

Cusano Milanino railway station is a railway station in Italy. It serves the town of Cusano Milanino.
Services.
Cusano Milanino is served by the lines S2 and S4 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36646653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646653" title="Sorbonne University (alliance)">
Sorbonne University (alliance)

Sorbonne University (French: "Sorbonne Universités" ]) is an alliance founded by Paris-Sorbonne University (Paris 4) and Pierre and Marie Curie University (Paris 6) in June 2010. The two previous universities are direct inheritors of the Sorbonne (divided into 13 autonomous universities after the French riots in 1968). Other members include the INSEAD, the University of Technology of Compiègne and the National Museum of Natural History.
Members are currently working on several projects in order to strengthen the relations between them and potentially create a new international institution in the next following years. Most famous projects are the "Sorbonne College" (Collège de la Sorbonne) for Bachelor's degree and the "Sorbonne Doctoral College" (Collège doctoral de la Sorbonne) for Ph.D Candidates.
The alliance has received €130 million from the French State. Its budget was of €680 million as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36646663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646663" title="Pareuptychia ocirrhoe">
Pareuptychia ocirrhoe

Pareuptychia ocirrhoe, the Two-banded Satyr or Banded White Ringlet, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Mexico to the Guyanas, Paraguay and northern Argentina. The habitat consists of forests.
The wingspan is about 37 mm.
The larvae feed on "Eleusine" species.

</doc>
<doc id="36646676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646676" title="Keta (disambiguation)">
Keta (disambiguation)

Keta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36646710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646710" title="Ergun Çağatay">
Ergun Çağatay

Ergun Çağatay is a Turkish photographer and photo-journalist of international renown. A professional photo-reporter working free lance for major international news agencies, his life changed dramatically when he was badly wounded in 1983 during the ASALA attack on the Turkish Airlines counter at the Orly airport outside of Paris. His later growing interest in Central Asia led to his publishing "Turkic-Speaking Peoples: 1500 Years of Art And Culture from Inner Asia to the Balkans" in 2006.
Early Life
Mehmet Ergun Çağatay was born in İzmir on 15 January 1937 to Nazif Çağatay, a lawyer and later senator from the Republican People's Party and his wife Kamran, a housewife. He studied at Robert College in Istanbul from the age of eleven onwards, and upon graduation entered the Faculty of Law at Istanbul University at the instigation of his father, although he himself wished to study painting. Nevertheless, deciding he did not wish to practice law, he got a job in an advertising firm in 1964, working as a "copywriter"; and, a short time later, in response to an advertisement, found himself embarked on what would be a lifetime career for him: journalism. From 1968 onwards, he complemented his reporting with photography, and worked as a photo-journalist for the Associated Press, and later, from 1974 onwards, for the Gamma Agency in Paris. His articles and photographs started being published in major international magazines. In 1981 and 1982, he worked for the Time/Life magazine group in New York City. His photograph of a liver transplant made the "Life" cover. Back in Istanbul after that, he worked free lance for the Turkish press as well international news agencies, and his busy schedule required frequent traveling.
Near-fatal Bomb
It was during what he thought was just another international trip, as he waited at Paris's Orly Airport on 15 July 1983 with the other 100 and more passengers to board a Turkish Airlines plane, that he became the near-fatal victim of a terrorist bomb, thrown by the Marxist-Leninist ASALA (Armée Secrète Arménienne de Libération de l'Arménie) group. Eight people died as a result, and fifty-six were wounded, among them Çağatay. Having survived but badly burned, he spent the next five years under treatment, frequently visiting "burn centers," operated on often, and remaining hospitalized for long periods of time, first in France then in his native Turkey. His first photography project, even before he could return to professional life, was a “photo essay” he made in 1984 on burned patients in the very same hospital in Paris where he was treated for his wounds.
Change of Direction in Career
His career changed scope and direction, as he moved from current news to a different kind of photo-reporting: he photographed an extensive selection of old manuscripts found in the Topkapı Museum Library in Istanbul. The photo-essay, the first of its kind on the topic, appeared in leading magazines in France, the United States, Spain, and Japan. In 1990-1991 he started a widespread study of second-generation immigrants in Europe, but due to lack of funds he failed to complete it.
Work in Central Asia
Çağatay began working in Central Asia in 1993. He has traveled so far more than 150,000 kilometers in the region, and taken more than 40,000 photographs. He also did research in the photo archives of the countries of the region and compiled a sampling of these as an extensive photo exhibition entitled “Once Upon a Time in Central Asia” which was on display in the following countries:
• Union of Painters, Tashkent, Uzbekistan, May 1966
• State Fine Arts Museum, Almaty, Kazakhstan, June 1996
• Memorial Museum, Austin, Texas, February/March 1997
• Kashiwazaki/Nigata, Japan, October 1997 - January 1998
• Gustavianum Museum, Uppsala, Sweden, November 1999
He has founded the company Tetragon <http://www.tetragon.com.tr> which published in 1996 a large-format book under the same title as the exhibition.
He moreover co-produced a documentary film on the ecological disaster of the Aral Sea. An abbreviated (thirty minutes) version of the two-hour documentary won first prize in 2000 in the "short film" category at the Antalya Film Festival.
Turkic-Speaking Peoples
Çağatay's long-cherished project was a book that would comprise a selection of photographs he took on Turks living in various parts of the world and scholarly essays by experts to go with the photographs. He asked Doğan Kuban, the renowned professor of architectural history, to be the co-editor in charge of the essays, while he himself was the book's project manager as well as the author of the photographs, some of them of stunning artistic beauty. The book, financed by the Prince Claus Fund of the Netherlands, came out in the fall of 2006 from the German publisher Prestel Verlag in Munich. Distributed in Europe and the USA, it quickly sold out and a second printing followed. It was also translated into Turkish and published by Tetragon in 2008.
The book includes essays by, besides Kuban, thirty-three other scholars such as Peter Golden, Omeljan Pritsak and İsenbike Togan.
Personal Life
One assignment the young journalist Çağatay was given in Istanbul when he started in the late 1960s was to report on a state-operated kindergarten where European advisors worked. Çağatay and Käri Wulff, the Norwegian expert in pre-school education he met there that day, were married in 1972. They have two children, a daughter Yasemin (b. 1972), now Mrs. Engin Oytaç, and Erol (b. 1975), and two grandchildren by their daughter.
His dramatic burning in 1983 was preceded by another tragedy in the family when his younger sister İlgün met her death at a gruesome air accident. “On March 3, 1974, a cargo door blow-out caused Turkish Airlines Flight 981,” in which the thirty-one-year-old newly widowed İlgün Çağatay Erdil was a passenger, “to crash into a forest near the town of Ermenonville in France shortly after leaving Paris. All 346 people were killed, in one of the deadliest air crashes of all time” (as the Wikipedia entry on “McDonnell Douglas DC-10” has it). Çağatay had the unenviable job of identifying what literally were her remains.
Çağatay now lives in Istanbul with his wife. He is currently working on a book project on the presence of the Turks in the Balkans.
Bibliography
Çağatay, Ergun. "Once Upon a Time in Central Asia". İstanbul: Tetragon, 1996.
Çağatay, Ergun and Doğan Kuban, eds. "Turkic-Speaking Peoples: 1500 Years of Art And Culture from Inner Asia to the Balkans". München, Berlin, London, New York: Prestel Verlag, 2006.
Çağatay, Ergun and Doğan Kuban, eds. "Türkçe Konuşanlar: Orta Asya'dan Balkanlar'a 2000 Yıllık Sanat ve Kültür". Çev. Zeynep Peker ve Jale Alguadiş. İstanbul: Tetragon, 2007.
“Ergun Çağatay.” "Tetragon". <http://www.tetragon.com.tr/old_site/Company/Company_index.html>. Retrieved: 6 August 2012.
“ergun çağatay.” "ekşi sözlük". <http://www.eksisozluk.com/show.asp?t=ergun+%C3%A7a%C4%9Fatay>. Retrieved: 6 August 2012.
“Ergun Çağatay - Biographie.” "actuphoto". <http://actuphoto.com/photographes/biographies/ergun-cagatay-13264.html>. Retrieved: 6 August 2012.
“the turkic speaking peoples.” "ekşi sözlük". <http://www.eksisozluk.com/show.asp?t=ergun+%C3%A7a%C4%9Fatay>. Retrieved: 6 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36646713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646713" title="PlaceNigde poetry festival">
PlaceNigde poetry festival

The PlaceNigde Poetry Festival () is moveable poetry festival that has been established in May of 2012. It takes place in Tomsk. The motto of the festival is "A place for poetry is everywhere and nowhere. ". The PlaceNigde was founded in an attempt to renew an old form of poetry reading. An organizers deliberately refused to the academic presentation the poetry. Idea of PlaceNigde was that the people should be involved into "show" and spontaneously discovered the poetic strings, deeply hidden inside of the mind.

</doc>
<doc id="36646715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646715" title="Lidiane Lopes">
Lidiane Lopes

Lidiane Lopes (born September 1, 1994) is a Cape Verdean sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.72 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36646720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646720" title="Daniel Bernhardt (footballer)">
Daniel Bernhardt (footballer)

Daniel Bernhardt (born 21 August 1985) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for VfR Aalen in the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36646727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646727" title="Pareuptychia metaleuca">
Pareuptychia metaleuca

Pareuptychia metaleuca, the One-banded Satyr, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Mexico to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36646731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646731" title="The Plaza Hotel Seoul">
The Plaza Hotel Seoul

THE PLAZA is a South Korean operator of hotels and is affiliated to Preferred Hotels & Resorts, the top level of the six brands of Preferred Hotel Group. Yuji Hirahara is the current General Manager. 
General Information.
THE PLAZA is located where the Jicheonsa Temple used to be during the Chosun Dynasty.
THE PLAZA was built in October 1976 through a joint hotel business venture between Hanwha and Japan’s Marubeni in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36646749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646749" title="Sudirman (footballer born 1969)">
Sudirman (footballer born 1969)

Sudirman (born on April 24, 1969) is an Indonesian football player and manager who previously plays as defender for Arseto Solo and the Indonesia national team.
International career.
In 1991 Sudirman's international career began.

</doc>
<doc id="36646758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646758" title="1995 Young Critics Circle Awards">
1995 Young Critics Circle Awards

6th YCC Awards<br>
Best Films: <br>
"Nena"
The 6th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 1996, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 1995.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Nena" (dir. Ike Jarlego, Jr.)"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Sana Maulit Muli" (dir. Olivia Lamasan)<br>
"The Flor Contemplacion Story" (dir. Joel Lamangan)
Best Performance.
Nora Aunor – "The Flor Contemplacion Story"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Sharmaine Arnaiz – ""<br>
Nora Aunor – "Muling Umawit ang Puso"<br>
Amy Austria – "Nena"<br>
Jaclyn Jose – "The Flor Contemplacion Story"<br>
Aga Muhlach – "Sana Maulit Muli"<br>
Maricel Soriano – "Dahas"<br>
Lorna Tolentino – "Sa Ngalan ng Pag-ibig"
Best Screenplay.
Lualhati Bautista – "Nena"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Shaira Mella Salvador, Mel Mendoza, and Olivia Lamasan – "Sana Maulit Muli"<br>
Bonifacio Ilagan and Ricardo Lee – "The Flor Contemplacion Story"<br>
Jose Javier Reyes – "Pare Ko"<br>
Best Editing.
Jaime Davila – "Dahas"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Sa Ngalan ng Pag-ibig "<br>
"Pare Ko"<br>
"Nena"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Romeo Vitug (Cinematography) and Manny Morfe (Production Design) – "The Flor Contemplacion Story"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Dahas "<br>
"Inagaw Mo ang Lahat sa Akin"<br>
"Nena"<br>
"Sa Ngalan ng Pag-ibig"<br>
"Sana Maulit Muli"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Jessie Lasaten (Original Score) and Audio Post (Sound Design) – "Dahas"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Pare Ko"<br>
"Nena"<br>
"Sa Ngalan ng Pag-ibig"
External links.
http://www.imdb.com/event/ev0001353/1996

</doc>
<doc id="36646778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646778" title="Maysa Rejepova">
Maysa Rejepova

Maysa Rejepova (born January 4, 1993 in Ashgabat) is a Turkmen sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in a personal best of 12.80 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36646787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646787" title="2012 Comerica Bank Challenger – Doubles">
2012 Comerica Bank Challenger – Doubles

Carsten Ball and Chris Guccione were the defending champions, however Ball chose not to compete. Guccione competed with Frank Moser.<br>
Rik de Voest and John Peers won the title, defeating Guccione and Moser 6–7(5–7), 6–1, [10–4] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36646796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646796" title="Martin Dausch">
Martin Dausch

Martin Dausch (born 4 March 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Union Berlin in the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36646800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646800" title="Tuam Cathedral">
Tuam Cathedral

Tuam Cathedral can refer to either of the two cathedrals in Tuam:

</doc>
<doc id="36646822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646822" title="Nafissa Souleymane">
Nafissa Souleymane

Nafissa Souleymane (born November 18, 1992 in Tahoua) is a Nigerien sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.81 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36646831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646831" title="List of Accrington Stanley F.C. players">
List of Accrington Stanley F.C. players


</doc>
<doc id="36646848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646848" title="Bahram Dabbagh">
Bahram Dabbagh

Bahram Dabbagh () is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Paykan in Iran's Premier Football League.
Career.
Dabbagh joined Paykan in 2012.
International career.
U 17.
Dabbagh played Iran national under-17 football team winning the Asian U-16 Championship in 2008 starting 5 of the six games.
U 19.
He was again a vital part of Iran's U19's participating at the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship, he played in Iran's first to games, Iran losing both and failing to qualify from its group.
U 22.
He was called up by Ali Reza Mansourian to participate in the teams training camp in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36646849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646849" title="Vila azeca">
Vila azeca

The Azeca Banner ("Vila azeca") is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Amazonian region from Colombia to Bolivia. The habitat consists of lowland rainforests at altitudes below 800 meters.
Adults have been recorded imbibing mineralised moisture from rocks or riverbeds.

</doc>
<doc id="36646880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646880" title="Jürgen Mössmer">
Jürgen Mössmer

Jürgen Mössmer (born 11 June 1989) is a footballer who plays as a defender for VfR Aalen in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36646912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646912" title="Naked Soldier">
Naked Soldier

Naked Soldier (絕色武器) is a 2012 Hong Kong action film directed by Marco Mak and starring Jennifer Tse. It is the third installment of the "Naked" series "Naked Killer" (1992) and "Naked Weapon" (2002).
Plot.
The story of Phoenix who was kidnapped, when she was a child, by Madame Rose after killing her family except for Phoenix's father, Interpol agent CK Lung, who is still struggling to find his daughter. Phoenix is now an assassin under Madam Rose's orders, her target was her own father.

</doc>
<doc id="36646914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646914" title="Whirly">
Whirly

In molecular biology the protein domain Whirly is a transcription factor commonly found in plants. This means they aid the transcription of genes from DNA into a complementary copy of mRNA. In particular, in plants, they aid the transcription of plant defence genes.
Function.
The function of Whirly proteins is to regulate the expression of genes that aid defence. They are transcription factors which bind to single stranded DNA in order to regulate gene expression. When a pathogen enters, salicylic acid is released as a signalling molecule which affects Whirly, allowing the expression of defence genes to occur.
Structure.
This protein contains 10 beta strands and 2 alpha helices.
History.
PBF-2 was the first protein in the Whirly family to be discovered. In the past, the protein has also been named p24.

</doc>
<doc id="36646920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646920" title="Sadjad Pourghanad">
Sadjad Pourghanad

Sadjad Pourghanad (سجاد پورقناد)(born December 22, 1981) is a Tar and Setar player, opera singer, Iranian journalist, founder of the Iranian Festival of Music-based Weblogs and Websites, and editor-in-chief of Harmony Talk, the online Persian journal on music.
Learning Music.
He started learning to play setar in 1998 under the supervision of Masoud Shaari and music theory under the supervision of Houshang Kamkar. His later instructors were masters including Hossein Dehlavi, Manouchehr Sahbaee, Keyvan Mirhadi, Shapour Rahimi and Ali Nourbakhsh.
the Press and the Internet.
Sadjad Pourghanad has been a pioneer of online musical activities in the internet in Iran ever since 1999 and used to write articles on music. Once the Persian websites on music were organized, Pourghanad started his collaboration with them. Right after Harmony Talk Journal was launched in 2004, Pourghanad served as its contributor. After 3 years, he was appointed and still is its editor-in-chief.
Besides his activities in the internet, he have been collaborating with the Persian press. He has published myriads of articles on music in Kalameye Sabz Newspaper, Shargh Newspaper, Bahar Newspaper, Iran Newspaper, Rouzegar Newspaper, Arman Newspaper, etc. His articles were also published in magazines such as Honar-e-Mousighi (Art of Music) and Haft Honar (Seven Arts).
Iranian Festival of Music-based Weblogs and Websites.
In 2007, Sadjad Pourghanad and Reza Zarei organized a summit in Shiraz, with the collaboration of Harmony Talk Journal, in which online music activists participated. Finally, this summit led to establishment of the Iranian Festival of Music-based Weblogs and Websites which was held for the first time on July, 08, 2011 in Tehran under the secretary of Pourghanad. He was also the secretary for the Second Festival of Music-based Weblogs and Websites which was held on November, 07, 2012. Pourghanad is also the Head of Sol Music Index.
Musical Activities.
Pourghanad was the leader of the Aria Ensemble, a Persian music ensemble, from 1998 to 2000. Then he established Sahba Kohan Ensemble and served as the arts director of the ensemble while it was led by Ali Najafi Maleki till early 2012. He is however the leader of the ensemble as well as its arts director. Pourghanad has given over 40 concerts in different arts centers, universities and concert halls in Iran.
He has also sung the role of Mongol Commander as well as the Executioner in Rumi Opera directed by Behrouz Gharibpour and composed by Behzad Abdi and served as the foil to Shams (sang by Homayoun Shajarian) and Molana (sang by Mohammad Motamedi). Pourghanad also played Setar in this opera.
Radio.
Pourghanad collaborated with Iran Seda Radio Channel as music expert and host/expert.
Awards.
Sadjad Pourghanad won the first prize as the Setar player in National Music Competition of Tehran Municipality in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36646923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646923" title="Akbar Sadeghi">
Akbar Sadeghi

Akbar Sadeghi () is an Iranian footballer, who currently plays for Saba Qom in Iran Pro League. He usually plays as a midfielder.
Club career.
Sadeghi joined Saba Qom in 2011 after spending the previous year at Sanati Kaveh.

</doc>
<doc id="36646924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646924" title="The Cop in Blue Jeans">
The Cop in Blue Jeans

Squadra antiscippo (internationally released as The Cop in Blue Jeans and "Cop in Blue Jeans") is a 1976 Italian "poliziottesco"-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.
The film obtained a great commercial success and generated a film series consisting of eleven chapters all starred by Tomas Milian as Inspector Nico Giraldi.

</doc>
<doc id="36646925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646925" title="Barbey">
Barbey

Barbey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36646953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646953" title="Hala Gezah">
Hala Gezah

Hala Gezah (born September 17, 1989 in Tripoli) is a Libyan sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She ran the preliminaries in 13.24 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36646972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646972" title="2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I – Pool A">
2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I – Pool A

Group A of the 2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I is one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group I of the 2002 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top teams coming first and second advancing to the play-offs, and the bottom team being relegated down to 2003 Group II.

</doc>
<doc id="36646990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646990" title="1996 Young Critics Circle Awards">
1996 Young Critics Circle Awards

7th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Mumbaki"
The 7th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 1997, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 1996.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Mumbaki" (dir. Antonio Jose Perez)"<br>
No other nominees
Best Performance.
Christopher de Leon – "Madrasta"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Nora Aunor – "Bakit May Kahapon Pa?"<br>
Jaclyn Jose – "May Nagmamahal sa Iyo"
Best Screenplay.
Amado Lacuesta and Antonio Jose Perez – "Mumbaki "<br>
Nominees:<br>
Tikoy Aguiluz, Amado Lacuesta, Jr., and Jose Lacaba – "Segurista"<br>
Roy Iglesias – "Ganti ng Puso"
Best Editing.
Isla <br>
Nominees:<br>
"Ganti ng Puso"<br>
"Mumbaki"<br>
"Segurista"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Isagani Sioson (Cinematography) – "Isla"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Mumbaki"<br>
"Segurista"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Jaime Fabregas (Original Score) and Ramon Reyes (Sound Design) – "Mumbaki"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Isla"
External links.
http://www.imdb.com/event/ev0001353/1997

</doc>
<doc id="36646999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36646999" title="Marco Haller (footballer)">
Marco Haller (footballer)

Marco Haller (born 30 June 1984) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Würzburger Kickers.

</doc>
<doc id="36647016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647016" title="Janice Alatoa">
Janice Alatoa

Janice Alatoa (born October 30, 1988 in Port Vila) is a Vanuatuan sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 13.60 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36647018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647018" title="1997 Young Critics Circle Awards">
1997 Young Critics Circle Awards

8th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Mumbaki"
The 8th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 1998, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 1997.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Batang PX" (dir. Jose Javier Reyes)"<br>
Nominee:<br>
"Damong Ligaw" (dir. Jose Mari Avellana)
Best Performance.
Patrick Garcia – "Batang PX"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Nora Aunor – "Babae"<br>
Nonie Buencamino – "Milagros"<br>
Maricel Soriano – "Minsan Lamang Magmamahal"<br>
Romnick Sarmenta – "Damong Ligaw"<br>
Lorna Tolentino – "Hanggang Kailan Kita Mamahalin"
Best Screenplay.
Jose Javier Reyes – "Batang PX"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Jose Javier Reyes – "Minsan Lamang Magmamahal"<br>
Jose Mari Avellana – "Damong Ligaw"
Best Editing.
Jesus Navarro – "Milagros"<br>
Nominee:<br>
Danilo Gloria – "Batang PX"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Eduardo Jacinto (Cinematography) and Len Santos (Production Design) – "Milagros"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Batang PX"<br>
"Hanggang Kailan Kita Mamahalin"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Jaime Fabregas (Original Score) and Ramon Reyes (Sound Design) – "Milagros"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Damong Ligaw"<br>
"Hanggang Kailan Kita Mamahalin"
External links.
http://www.imdb.com/event/ev0001353/1998

</doc>
<doc id="36647027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647027" title="Jennifer Tse">
Jennifer Tse

Jennifer Tse Ting-Ting (謝婷婷) (born September 7, 1982) is a Hong Kong actress and model who is the sister of Nicholas Tse best known for her role in "Bruce Lee, My Brother" (2010) when she played the love interest of Bruce Lee (Aaaif Lee) and recently "Naked Soldier" (2012) when she played a daughter of policeman who was kidnapped and trained as an assassin.
In Siddharta (2014) she played Prince Siddhartha Gautama's wife, Yasodharā, opposite Ray Lui (who plays Buddha) 
References.
http://www.gsc.com.my/Movie-Synopsis/Siddhartha/

</doc>
<doc id="36647029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647029" title="Dynamine">
Dynamine

Dynamine is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in South America.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647043" title="Mihter Wendolin">
Mihter Wendolin

Mihter Wendolin (born February 3, 1987 in Pohnpei) is a Micronesian sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 13.67 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36647047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647047" title="Mirabyte Web Architect">
Mirabyte Web Architect

Web Architect is a CSS/XHTML/HTML editor for Microsoft Windows developed by mirabyte Software. The editor is primary code-centric with integrated support for previews using either the Mozilla Gecko, Internet Explorer Trident, or Apple Inc. Webkit layout engines. Apart from the code-centric approach it also includes a template-based Desktop content management system (CMS) for creating and managing entire Websites for which product also received awards. The software is available as a commercial version with a 14 day trial period.
History.
Web Architect was created by mirabyte software, a German-based ISV (independent software vendor). The software is the successor of the HTML editor SuperHTML, which was acquired by mirabyte in 2005. The intention of Web Architect is to provide a source code editor that is fully compliant with the latest Web development technologies and languages. The software therefore addresses the requirements for both professional Web developers as well as educational purposes.
Features.
Web Architect supports HTML, HTML5, XHTML, and CSS/CSS3 as well as JavaScript and PHP editing in various revisions, along with powerful checking for standards and browser compatibility issues. Checking optionally covers a variety of levels, such as the strict W3C CSS specifications, to issues on a wide variety of browsers. Web Architect integrates with HTML Tidy, CSSTidy and W3C's online validation services.
The application has a Task-centric ribbon user interface which provides various wizards for common tasks like embedding pictures or creating hyperlinks as well as a code inspector tool.
Web Architect has built-in support for many JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery, MooTools, Prototype, Script.aculo.us, Dojo and YUI.
The integrated browser preview supports multiple rendering engines (Internet Explorer, Gecko and Webkit) and can also be used in combination with a local Web server.
Common text encoding formats such as ASCII/ANSI, UTF-8 and UTF-16 (Unicode) are supported as well as common line breaking formats.
Syntax highlighting is supported for PHP, Perl, Python, ASP, SQL, CSS, XHTML, XML, HTML, JavaScript, and VBScript with full IntelliSense support (automatic code completion).
Other features are the integarted code snippet management which is compatible to Microsoft Visual Studio and the built-in FTP/SSH client which allows editing files directly on a remote server.
Version history.
Web Architect 9 was initially released on January 21, 2010 (9.0.1) in English and German language.
Web Architect 9.5 was released in 2011 (9.5.0). New features include a Desktop content management system, the ability to create Website projects and SEO features.
Web Architect 10 was released early 2013, including enhanced support for mobile Websites (using jQuery Mobile) and Web applications.

</doc>
<doc id="36647057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647057" title="Fatima Dahman">
Fatima Dahman

Fatima Sulaiman Dahman (born November 10, 1992 in Ta'izz) is a Yemeni sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 13.95 seconds, which did not qualify her for Round 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36647072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647072" title="The Gallant Lords of Bois-Doré">
The Gallant Lords of Bois-Doré

The The Gallant Lords of Bois-Doré (fr.: "Les beaux messieurs de Bois-Doré") is a 1976 film adaption of the historical novel by George Sand directed by Bernard Borderie. Along with the films about Angélique it is considered one of the most successful works of this director.
Synopsis.
The film consists of 5 parts. The first part introduces Sylvain, Marquis of Bois-Doré, a companion-in-arms of late king Henry IV of France. Following his sovereign the marquis had to abjure his Calvinist faith and adopt Catholicism though he secretly sympathizes with Protestants. After the king's death he retired and went to his castle of Bois-Doré. The marquis feels deep love for Lauriane de Beuvre, a daughter of his friend and neighbour, 30 years younger than him. Guillaume d'Ars, Sylvain's cousin, introduces to him a certain Villaréal, a Spanish nobleman. The second part concentrates on relations between Bois-Doré, Lauriane, and Villaréal. The latter has found out that the marquis hides in the castle treasures of Protestants and begins to search for them. Besides Villareal pays his addresses to Lauriane. Bois-Doré challengs him to a duel and kills him. The third part tells about Mario, an 18 old youth whom the marquis saved from mercenaries. Mario has striking resemblance to marquis's brother who was lost 18 years ago. Bois-Doré finds evidence of Mario being his nephew and proclaims him an heir to his title and estate. The handsome boy wins Lauriane's affection. The fourth part focuses on relations between Bois-Doré, Lauriane, and Mario. The latter falls in love with Lauriane whose heart is torn by sincere respect for noble, generous but elderly Sylvain and affection to young Mario. The fifth part tells about hostilities between France and Spain, in which Sylvain and Mario take an active part. Mario has been severely wounded in action and Lauriane realizes that she cannot live without him.
Reviews.
The film is distinguished by an entertaining plot, superb acting of G.Marchal (Sylvain) and Y. Folliot (Lauriane), picturesque scenery, and accurate representation of historical background.
“This is an eventful yarn, involving many subplots, it is par excellence the perfect swashbuckler, which after being popular in the first part of the sixties in the French theaters became mini-series in the seventies..” 

</doc>
<doc id="36647077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647077" title="Second Shadow Cabinet of Harold Wilson">
Second Shadow Cabinet of Harold Wilson

Harold Wilson of the Labour Party would form his Second Shadow Cabinet, as Leader of Her Majesty’s Most Loyal Opposition, after losing the 1970 general election to Conservative Edward Heath. He would retain leadership of the Opposition for the length of the Heath Ministry, from 1970 − 1974. In February 1974, his party would narrowly win an election. Wilson was then forced to form a minority government, which would only last until another election in October of that year. After that election, Wilson would form a majority government, known as the Second Wilson Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="36647080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647080" title="2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I – Play-offs">
2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I – Play-offs

The Play-offs of the 2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group I were the final stages of the Group I Zonal Competition involving teams from the Americas. Those that qualified for this stage placed first and second in their respective pools.
The four teams were then paired up the team from a different placing of the other group for a play-off tie, with the winners being promoted to the World Group Play-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="36647086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647086" title="Kudemskaya narrow-gauge railway">
Kudemskaya narrow-gauge railway

The Kudemskaya narrow gauge railway is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The narrow gauge railway, a former forest railway, was opened in 1949 and has a total length of , of which is currently operational. The track gauge is . The Head Office of the narrow gauge railway is located in the Arkhangelsk Oblast, Severodvinsk.
Current status.
The total length of Kudemskoy narrow gauge railway at the peak of its development exceeded . The main station is located in the village of Beloye Ozero; the Vodogon station is located on the western outskirts of the city of Severodvinsk. Passenger trains between Vodogon and Beloye Ozero are scheduled five times a week. The railway also transports goods such as food, post and fuel. In 2010, this narrow gauge railway appeared in the Forbes ranking of the 10 most beautiful railway routes in the world. In 2013, a new passenger car was purchased for the route.

</doc>
<doc id="36647087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647087" title="Mina (Louisiana)">
Mina (Louisiana)

The Mina was a well-organized African-American community sharing a common language in Louisiana.
The community arose following their importation as slaves into Louisiana following 1782. 
1791 Mina conspiracy.
This revolt began on the estate of Widow Provillar located at New Roads. Juan Luis, who was held enslaved there, organised regular balls for Mina men. The only two non-Mina people involved were César, from Jamaica and Pedro Chamba, who was ethnically Chamba, but had been raised by the Mina.

</doc>
<doc id="36647093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647093" title="Paul Estermann">
Paul Estermann

Paul Estermann (born on 24 June 1963 in Lucerne, Canton of Lucerne) is a Swiss equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping.
In June 2012, Paul Estermann was ranked 156 in the world.
Career.
Paul Estermann learnt to ride growing up on his family’s farm in Traselinge, Switzerland. He began riding on a pony, then a jumper. During his apprenticeship as a farmer he devoted his leisure time to show jumping.
In 2012, he competed with "Castelfield Eclipse" at his first Olympics in the team jumping and individual jumping events.
Personal Life.
Paul has one daughter and manages the equestrian centre (Reitsportcenter) Estermann in Hildisrieden, above Lake Sempach, where he is currently living.
Horses.
current horses:
former show horses:

</doc>
<doc id="36647098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647098" title="Tige Savage">
Tige Savage

Tige Savage (born September 30, 1968) is an American investor, co-founder and managing director of Revolution LLC, a principal investment firm based in Washington, D.C.. He was a key investor in LivingSocial in its founding years.
Career.
Savage was an executive at Riggs National Corporation in the mid-1990s; he simultaneously served on the board of directors of Allbritton Communications Company. From 1998 to 2000, he managed the technology and media sector investments as executive vice president of Riggs Capital Partners.
From 2001 to 2003, Savage managed investments in technology and media companies as vice president of Time Warner Ventures.
In 2005, Savage co-founded Revolution with partners Steve Case and Donn Davis; Savage leads Revolution’s venture capital investing activities as managing director of Revolution Ventures.
In 2011, Savage was named one of Washington, DC’s “100 Top Tech Titans” by Washingtonian Magazine and in 2013 he was named Financier of the Year at the Northern Virginia Technology Council Annual Awards. Savage has been interviewed by Business Insider and This Week in Venture Capital about Revolution’s investment philosophy as it pertains to LivingSocial and ZipCar. Savage was credited for his role in developing LivingSocial's strategy in a profile of the company in The Washington Post that same year. In 2012, he wrote a popular online review of e-commerce technology platforms.
Life and education.
Savage holds a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts degree from James Madison University. He was born in Boulder, Colorado.
Board seats.
Savage currently holds seats on the Board of Directors of LivingSocial, GramercyOne, and AddThis, among other companies. Previous Board seats include Zipcar and Flexcar (Zipcar) and Revolution Money, which was sold to American Express in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36647099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647099" title="P. Girod">
P. Girod

P. Girod (first name unknown) was a tennis player from France. She became the singles winner of the French tennis championships at Roland Garros in 1901.
Frequenting the worldly venues of Île de Puteaux (notable for hosting tennis events played during the 1900 Paris Olympics), "Madame" Girod was known for playing tennis with gloves, purportedly to avoid getting tanned. 

</doc>
<doc id="36647101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647101" title="Yeyen Tumena">
Yeyen Tumena

Yeyen Tumena (born on May 16, 1976) is an Indonesian footballer and manager who previously plays as defender for Persma Manado, Persija Jakarta, Persikota Tangerang, Persebaya Surabaya, Perseden Denpasar, PSMS Medan, PSM Makassar and the Indonesia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36647110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647110" title="Robert Rollo, 4th Lord Rollo">
Robert Rollo, 4th Lord Rollo

Robert Rollo, 4th Lord Rollo (12 June 1679 – 8 March 1758) was a Scottish nobleman and Jacobite.
Life.
Lord Rollo was the son of Andrew Rollo, 3rd Lord Rollo and his wife Margaret Balfour, daughter to John Balfour, 3rd Lord Balfour of Burleigh.
He took his seat as a commissioner to the Parliament of Scotland from 1703, and was a commissioner of supply in 1702 and 1704. In 1707 he voted for the Act of Union. Following the death of Queen Anne, and the subsequent succession of the Hanoverian George I. Lord Rollo took an active part in the Jacobite rising of 1715. Despite the opposition of the Earl of Mar, Rollo was placed in charge of the Perthshire squadron of the Jacobite army, and fought at the Battle of Sheriffmuir on November 1715, but surrendered to government forces the following February. He was imprisoned at Inverness Castle, then Edinburgh Castle until 1717 when he was pardoned.
Lord Rollo died at Duncrub, Perthshire on 8 March 1758
Marriage and issue.
Lord Rollo married on 4 June 1702 Mary Rollo, daughter of Sir Henry Rollo of Woodside and had issue:
References.
Sources.
[https://archive.org/details/scotspeeragefoun07pauluoft] Balfour Paul, Sir J., "Scots Peerage" IX vols. Edinburgh 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="36647115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647115" title="Seleman Kidunda">
Seleman Kidunda

Seleman Kidunda (born January 2, 1984 in Ruvuma) is a Tanzanian boxer. He competed in the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Kidunda also competed in the Men's welterweight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but lost to Moldovan Vasile Belous in the first round. The loss was blamed on several referee mistakes.

</doc>
<doc id="36647134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647134" title="Charles Branch Wilson">
Charles Branch Wilson

Charles Branch Wilson (20 October 1861 – 18 August 1941) was an American scientist, a marine biologist. He is known for his extensive work on copepods, minute crustaceans.
Early life and education.
Charles Branch Wilson was born in Exeter, Maine in 20 October 1861. He received his bachelor's and master's degree from Colby College of Waterville, Maine. He completed his doctorate from the Johns Hopkins University in 1910.
Career.
While completing his master's degree, Wilson worked in Colby as a tutor in botany. In 1891, he was appointed a professor of science at the Gorham Normal School of Gorham, Maine (now the University of Southern Maine). In 1896, he became a professor of natural science at the Westfield Teachers College of Westfield, Massachusetts (now the Westfield State University). A year later he became a professor of biology and the head of the Science Department in Westfield, a position he held until his retirement in 1932. During the summer of the same year, he worked at the Johns Hopkins University marine laboratory in Port Antonio, Jamaica; the first of several such field trips during his career.
In the summer of 1899, he worked at the United States Fish Commission's Marine Biological Laboratory, investigating parasitic copepods of food fish. This was the first of a lifelong association with the Commission, which became the United States Bureau of Fisheries in 1902. Among his collaborations with the Bureau were economic surveys of the Lake Maxinkuckee (1906), Mississippi River (1907), Maumee River (1908), Kankakee River (1909), Cumberland River (1911), and the lakes of northern Minnesota (1912). He officially served under the capacity of an economic investigator for the Fairport, Iowa Bureau of Fisheries from 1913 to 1923. From 1928 to 1929, he also assisted in the economic survey of Lake Erie.
Wilson's association with the United States National Museum (now the National Museum of Natural History) of the Smithsonian Institution began in February 1901. The museum's entire collection of copepods was entrusted to him for identification and study. Wilson published the results in the museum's publications, the "Proceedings of the United States National Museum" and the "Bulletin of the United States National Museum" (both journals have now been discontinued). He was encouraged in his work by the American biologist Waldo L. Schmitt, who joined the staff of the United States National Museum in 1915. Schmitt's work also primarily dealt with crustaceans. Wilson was named an Honorary Collaborator by the museum in recognition of his work in 1933.
His greatest works are three monographs on copepods. The first monograph, published in 1928 to 1929, was the most important in Wilson's opinion. It involved a collaboration of the United States National Museum and the Carnegie Institution for Science. It dealt with the copepods in marine samples taken by the ill-fated research vessel "Carnegie". The second monograph dealt with the description of six new genera and fifteen new species of parasitic copepods from the museum's collections. The third and the last monograph was on the copepods collected during the voyages of the United States Fish Commission's marine research vessel USS "Albatross", from her long voyage into the Pacific Ocean beginning in 1887 to the three-year Philippine Expedition in 1907 to 1910. He described a total of 32 new species and identified the previously unknown opposite sex of 28 other species.
Aside from studying copepods and teaching, Wilson also wrote papers on the embryology of amphibians, sipunculid, and nemertean worms; the biology and economic importance of dragonflies, damselflies, freshwater mussels, and aquatic hemipterans and coleopterans; as well as the results of the various surveys of the Bureau of Fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="36647140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647140" title="Taekjip Ha">
Taekjip Ha

Taekjip Ha (born February 20, 1968, Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean-born American biophysicist who is currently a Gutgsell Professor of Physics, at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where he is the principal investigator of Single Molecule Nanometry group. He is also a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator.
Education.
He received a B.S. degree in physics at Seoul National University in 1990, and joined the physics department at University of California, Berkeley where he began to study atomic physics in the lab of Raymond Jeanloz in Berkeley’s geophysics department and worked on a project to place nitrogen and carbon under very high pressures, with the goal to create a material harder than diamonds and in between he had to take a temporary leave of absence from Berkeley to South Korea for a year to fulfill South Korea’s military service requirements. Upon his return, Ha changed his research interests and joined the lab of Daniel Chemla, a prominent scientist known for his studies of quantum optics of semiconductors. Soon after joining Chemla’s group, Ha began working closely with scientist Shimon Weiss to build a near-field scanning optical microscope, a machine equipped with a small aperture and a short-pulse laser able to measure a material's properties with high time and spatial resolution. He subsequently received both his M.A. and Ph.D. at Berkeley and continued to do postdoctoral research there and later at Stanford University with advisor Steven Chu, before joining the University of Illinois in 2000 as assistant professor in the Department of Physics and Center for Biophysics and Computational Biology.
Research.
Taekjip Ha uses sophisticated physical techniques to manipulate and visualize the movements of single molecules to understand basic biological processes involving DNA and other molecules. He applies the use of single-molecule techniques and has pioneered the technique in studying biological system usually supported by nano-mechanical tools such as optical tweezers. He has been cited more than 9800 times and his current H index is 51.

</doc>
<doc id="36647151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647151" title="Missile defense systems by country">
Missile defense systems by country

Missile defense systems are a type of missile defense intended to shield a country against incoming missiles, such as intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBMs) or other ballistic missiles. The United States, Russia, France, India and Israel have all developed missile defense systems.
Definitions.
The role of defense against nuclear missiles has been a heated military and political topic for several decades.
China.
China tested the FJ ABM in the Cold War but they were ultimately cancelled. The PLA has currently developed the KT series of anti ballistic missiles and also have adopted limited anti ballistic capabilities on the HQ-9, KS series, and HQ-16.
China successfully tested its exoatmospheric interception capability in a test in 2010 and also in a test in 2013, being the second country and one of two countries able to do so.
Four versions of the S-300 are in service the PMU, PMU1 and PMU2 and the navalised S-300FM Rif. Based on the S-300PMU1, the Rif equips the PLAN’s two Type 51C Luzhou air-defence destroyers enabling them to contribute to the protection of a coastal site against SRBM attack.
The S-300PMU2 has the best chance of intercepting an SRBM missile as it employs the 48N6E2 missile which has a warhead optimised for destroying ballistic missiles, and better kinematics compared to earlier 48N6 missiles.
HQ-9 may have some ABM capability.
However, it might be noted that on 11 January 2007 the Chinese successfully performed an anti-satellite missile test using a KT-1 missile with a Kinetic Kill Vehicle mounted.
New missiles, the HQ-19, HQ-26, and HQ-29, are being built.
France, UK and Italy.
Italy and France have developed a missile family called Aster (Aster 15 and Aster 30). Aster 30 is capable of ballistic missile defense. On 18 October 2010, France announced a successful tactical ABM test of the Aster 30 missile and on 1 December 2011 a successful interception of a Black Sparrow ballistic target missile. Royal Navy Type 45 destroyers and French Navy and Italian Navy "Horizon" -class frigates are armed with PAAMS, using Aster 15 and 30 missiles.
Also, France is developing another version, Aster 30 block II which can destroy ballistic missiles with a maximum range of 3000 km. It will have a Kill Vehicle warhead.
"Superficie-Aria Media Portata Terrestre" (Italian for "Ground-based Surface-to-Air Medium Range", SAMP/T) using batteries of Aster 30 missiles. France has demonstrated the feasibility of destroying medium range ballistic missile.
Aster 15 and 30 missiles differ only in the size of their booster - total weights being 310 kg and 450 kg respectively. Aster 30 requires the longer tubes of the SYLVER A50 launcher, but its range is extended from to . Aster 30 is also capable of ballistic missile defense. The first stage booster of the missile is entirely designed and manufactured by Avio of Italy.
India.
India's air defence network has two principal components - the ‘Air Defence Ground Environment System’ (ADGES) and the ‘Base Air Defence Zones’ (BADZ). The ADGES network provides for wide area radar coverage and permits the detection and interception of most aerial incursions into Indian airspace. The BADZ system is far more concentrated with radars, interceptors, SAMs and AAA units working in conjunction to provide an intense and highly effective defensive barrier to attacks on vital targets.
Ballistic missile defence.
The Ballistic Missile Defence Program is an initiative to develop and deploy a multi-layered ballistic missile defense system to protect India from ballistic missile attacks.
Introduced in light of the ballistic missile threat from Pakistan, it is a double-tiered system consisting of two interceptor missiles, namely the Prithvi Air Defence (PAD) missile for high altitude interception, and the Advanced Air Defence (AAD) Missile for lower altitude interception. The two-tiered shield should be able to intercept any incoming missile launched 5,000 kilometers away.
PAD was tested in November 2006, followed by AAD in December 2007. With the test of the PAD missile, India became the fourth country to have successfully developed an Anti-ballistic missile system, after United States, Russia and Israel. On 6 March 2009, India again successfully tested its missile defense shield, during which an incoming "enemy" missile was intercepted at an altitude of 75 km.
On 6 May 2012, it was announced that Phase-I is complete and can be deployed to protect two Indian cities at a short notice. New Delhi, the national capital, and Mumbai, have been selected for the ballistic missile defence shield. After successful implementation in Delhi and Mumbai, the system will be used to cover other major cities in the country. This shield can destroy incoming ballistic missiles launched from as far as 2,500 km away. When the Phase II is completed and PDV is developed, the two anti-ballistic missiles can intercept targets up to 5,000 km both at exo and endo-atmospheric (inside the atmosphere) regions. The missiles will work in tandem to ensure a hit probability of 99.8 per cent.
Apart from DRDO's endeavour to develop a potent missile defense, India is reportedly examining the Israeli Arrow, the Almaz design bureau's S-300 PMU-1/-2 and S-400 and the Antey design bureau's Antey 2500/S-300VM. India has procured a squadron of S-300V systems which are in use as an 'anti-tactical ballistic missile screen'.
Cruise missile defense.
Defending against an attack by a cruise missile on the other hand is similar to tackling low-flying manned aircraft and hence most methods of aircraft defence can be used for a cruise missile defence system.
In order to ward off the threats of nuke-tipped cruise missile attack India has a new missile defence programme which will be focused solely on intercepting cruise missiles. The technological breakthrough has been created with an Advanced Air Defence missile (AAD).
DRDO Chief, Dr V K Saraswat stated in an Interview "Our studies have indicated that this will be able to handle a cruise missile intercept,"
Furthermore, India is acquiring airborne radars like AWACS to ensure detection of cruise missiles in order to stay on top of the threat.
Barak-8 is a long-range anti-air and anti-missile naval defence system being developed jointly by Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) and the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) of India. The Indian Army is considering induction of a variant of Barak 8 missile to meet its requirement for a medium-range surface-to-air air defence missile. The naval version of this missile will have the capability to intercept incoming enemy cruise missiles and combat jets targeting its warships at sea. India has a joint venture for this missile with Israel.
On 17 November 2010, in an interview Rafael's Vice President Mr. Lova Drori confirmed that the David's Sling system has been offered to the Indian Armed Forces.
Israel.
Israel has a national missile defense against short and medium-range missiles using their Arrow missile system. The Arrow or "Hetz" (, ) is a family of anti-ballistic missiles designed to fulfill an Israeli requirement for a theater missile defense system. It is reported to be more effective against ballistic missiles than the MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile. Jointly funded and produced by Israel and the United States, development of the system began in 1986 and has continued since, drawing some contested criticism. Undertaken by Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) and Boeing, it is overseen by the Israeli Ministry of Defense's ""Homa"" (, , "rampart") administration and the U.S. Missile Defense Agency.
The Arrow system consists of the joint production hypersonic Arrow anti-missile interceptor, the Elta EL/M-2080 "Green Pine" early-warning AESA radar, the Tadiran Telecom "Golden Citron" ("Citron Tree") C3I center, and the Israel Aerospace Industries "Brown Hazelnut" ("Hazelnut Tree") launch control center. The system is transportable, as it can be moved to other prepared sites.
Following the construction and testing of the Arrow 1 technology demonstrator, production and deployment began with the Arrow 2 version of the missile. The Arrow is considered one of the most advanced missile defense programs currently in existence. It is the first operational missile defense system specifically designed and built to intercept and destroy ballistic missiles. Initial operating capability of Arrow 3 is expected in 2014. The first Arrow battery was declared fully operational in October 2000. Although several of its components have been exported, the Israeli Air Defense Command within the Israeli Air Force (IAF) of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) is currently the sole user of the complete Arrow system.
Apart from Arrow missile, Israel has Iron dome which is designed to intercept and destroy short-range rockets and artillery shells fired from distances of 4 to 70 kilometers away and David's sling that is designed to intercept medium-to-long range rockets and slower-flying cruise missiles, such as those possessed by Hezbollah, fired at ranges from 40 km to 300 km.
Russia.
The Russian A-135 anti-ballistic missile system is currently operational only around the city of Moscow, the national capital, and is being augmented to protect major cities in Russia. The A-135 anti-ballistic missile system is a Russian military complex deployed around Moscow to counter enemy missiles targeting the city or its surrounding areas. It became operational during 1995. It is a successor to the previous A-35, and compliant with the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty from which the US unilaterally withdrew in 2002.
The A-135 system attained "alert" (operational) status on 17 February 1995. It is currently operational although its 53T6 (NATO:SH-11) component is deactivated (as of February 2007). A newer missile is expected to replace it. There is an operational test version of the system at the test site in Sary Shagan, Kazakhstan.
The S-300PMU1 and PMU2 can intercept SRBMs, and the S-300V and S-400 Triumf systems are capable of intercepting a multiple IRBM attack by all DF-21 model IRBMs.
The enhanced but yet to be produced S-300VM/VMK is capable of intercepting ballistic missiles with a range of 2,500 km re-entry speeds of 4.5 km/s, whereas the S-400 is claimed to be capable of intercepting ballistic missiles with a range of 3,500 km which equates to re-entry speeds of 4.8 to 5 km/s. A system designed to intercept warheads at 5 km/s has the ability to act as a point system against simple ICBM warheads which have a typical re-entry speed of 7 km/s. Apart from the main Moscow deployment, Russia has striven actively for intrinsic ABM capabilities of its late model SAM systems. Russian ground based theatre defence against ballistic and cruise missiles are centered on the in-service
United States.
The U.S. Sentinel program was a planned national missile defense during the 1970s, but was never deployed. Elements of Sentinel were actually deployed briefly as the Safeguard Program, although it wasn't national in scope.
United States has had in development a nationwide antimissile program since the 1990s. After the renaming in 2002, the term now refers to the entire program, not just the ground-based interceptors and associated facilities. This article focuses mainly on this system and a brief history of earlier systems which led to it.
Other elements yet to be integrated into NMD may include anti-ballistic missiles, or sea-based, space-based, laser, and high altitude missile systems. The NMD program is limited in scope and designed to counter a relatively small ICBM attack from a less sophisticated adversary. Unlike the earlier Strategic Defense Initiative program, it is not designed to be a robust shield against a large attack from a technically sophisticated adversary.
As of 2012, this system is operational with limited capability. In early April 2013, the Pentagon deployed 14 missile interceptors to Guam in response to the North Korean threats to deliver nuclear weapons to the United States.
Other developments.
Japan.
Since 1998, when North Korea launched a Taepodong-1 missile over northern Japan, the Japanese have been jointly developing a new Surface-to-air interceptor known as the Patriot Advanced Capability 3 (PAC-3) with the US. So far tests have been successful, and there are planned 11 locations that the PAC-3 will be installed. A military spokesman said that tests had been done on two sites, one of them a business park in central Tokyo, and Ichigaya – a site not far from the Imperial Palace.
Along with the PAC-3, Japan has installed a US-developed ship-based anti-ballistic missile system, which was tested successfully on 18 December 2007. The missile was launched from a Japanese warship, in partnership with the US Missile Defense Agency and destroyed a mock target launched from the coast.
Japan is in consultations with the United States to possibly deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system and a ground-based version of the Standard Missile-3 interceptors mounted on Aegis destroyers. Japan's intention is to create a four-stage anti-missile shield.
Republic of China.
Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan, is also engaged in the development of an anti-ballistic missile system, based on indigenously developed Tien Kung-II (Sky Bow) SAM system and Patriot-III missiles.
Taiwan is building up a "missile defense shield" in response to Chinese missiles pointed in its direction. The latest addition will be six Patriot III batteries and a long-range early warning radar system. Albeit, Taiwan needs Terminal High Altitude Air Defense (THAAD) units.
Criticism.
Many still consider missile defense to be destabilizing. French policy makers consider that the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) Treaty and the doctrine of Mutual assured destruction to be the cornerstones of strategic stability. Some French analysts viewed missile defense as jeopardizing both the doctrine and the Treaty, as well as risking a new arms race.
Experts however question the precision of the system. All the experiments to develop and test MDS were scripted so far and nobody knows about their credibility in an actual war situation. Knowing the speed of these missiles, it's more difficult than hitting one bullet with another.
Moreover, most French security experts doubted the technological feasibility of ballistic missile defense. Some think it is foolish to spend huge amounts of money on unproven technologies that lacked operational or political usefulness. Instead, the French defense policy community viewed missile defense merely as an American "economic weapon" used to defeat the Soviet Union and win the Cold War.
Some are simply of the opinion that reliance on missile defense as an element of nuclear deterrence is wrong and that missile defense is a bust technically, and it encourages the proliferation of both nuclear and conventional weaponry instead of preventing such an increase from taking place.
Missile defenses are vulnerable to supersonic missile vehicles which travel at speeds high enough to outmaneuver missile defenses. China is among the countries pursuing supersonic vehicles as missile delivery systems.
Critics of missile defense also state that just as with nuclear weapons, the U.S. infatuation with missile defense will cause other nations to desire this expensive and destabilizing technology.
Russia's top military officer has threatened to carry out a pre-emptive strike on U.S.-led NATO missile defense facilities in Eastern Europe if Washington goes ahead with its controversial plan to build a missile shield. Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov also warned that talks between Moscow and Washington on the topic are "close to a dead end." U.S. State Department special envoy Ellen Tauscher responded that neither country can afford another arms race.

</doc>
<doc id="36647166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647166" title="Perfect Peter">
Perfect Peter

Perfect Peter is a major character in the "Horrid Henry" Children's Books series and the TV series. He is the younger brother of the series's main character, Horrid Henry. He is portrayed by Ross Maron in the and voiced by Emma Tate in the TV series. He first appeared in "Horrid Henry's Perfect Day" from "Horrid Henry" and created by Francesca Simon.
History.
Perfect Peter is named according to his overachieving, polite, and perfectionist personality and mannerisms, especially in opposition to those demonstrated by his older brother Henry. Obedient, innocent, and sweet-natured, Peter takes pride in proper organization of his personal possessions and bedroom, and often is the main target of Henry's torment and vicious harassment. They share a strong sibling rivalry due to their conflicting personalities, to the extent where Peter appears to be favoured by his parents over his bratty brother on certain occasions. He seldom rebels or complains, though it is hinted that his usually kind and immaculately-organized personality is tinged with hints of conceit; he has defied adults or rules in revenge against Henry or while attempting to frame him, and seems to derive pleasure from Henry's suffering and punishments for poor behavior, thus implying that he may actually not be much better than his brother. Peter is also very naive and will easily believe absurd 'stories' Henry sometimes tells to get him to do something. He despises Henry's mistreatment of him and the strong verbal abuse to which Peter is subjected when he is domineered or trying to play with his brother, and a number of stories have ended with suffering for Peter in some way.
External links.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36647181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647181" title="Malikat Jamal Al Kawn">
Malikat Jamal Al Kawn

Malikat Jamal Al Kawn (MJK; English: ""Miss Universe"") is an Arabic Music album by Haifa Wehbe, released on May 8, 2012. The Album contains 14 songs, a fusion of oriental and western music sung in three different dialects: Egyptian, Lebanese and Gulf Arabic.
Charts & Critical Reception.
The album ranked #1 on iTunes Worldwide albums chart, being the first Lebanese artist to hold this position on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36647190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647190" title="Alex Davies (cricketer)">
Alex Davies (cricketer)

Alexander Luke Davies (born 23 August 1994) is an English cricketer who plays for Lancashire. He is a right-handed batsman who also plays as a wicket-keeper. Davies was included in the England Under-19 squad for the 2012 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
Oct-December 2012 Playing for Mulgrave in the Eastern Cricket association Victoria Australia. Scored 177 Not out in an Under21 Representative Match for the Eastern Cricket association on November 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="36647213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647213" title="1998 Young Critics Circle Awards">
1998 Young Critics Circle Awards

9th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"
The 9th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 1999, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 1998.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?" (dir. Chito S. Roño)"<br>
Nominee:<br>
"Babae sa Bubungang Lata" (dir. Mario O' Hara)<br>
"Curacha, Ang Babaeng Walang Pahinga" (dir. Chito S. Roño)<br>
"Sana Pag-ibig Na" (dir. Jeffrey Jeturian)
Best Performance.
Vilma Santos – "Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Nida Blanca – "Sana Pag-ibig Na"<br>
Serena Dalrymple – "Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"<br>
Anita Linda – "Babae sa Bubungang Lata"<br>
Cesar Montano – "José Rizal"
Best Screenplay.
Lualhati Bautista – "Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Mario O'Hara – "Babae sa Bubungang Lata"<br>
Chito S. Roño and Ricardo Lee – "Curacha, Ang Babaeng Walang Pahinga"<br>
Armando Lao – "Sana Pag-ibig Na"
Best Editing.
Roberto Vasadre – "Sana Pag-ibig Na"<br>
Nominee:<br>
"Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"<br>
"Curacha, Ang Babaeng Walang Pahinga"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Rey de Leon (Cinematography) and James Quimson (Production Design) – "Babae sa Bubungang Lata"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa? "<br>
"Curacha, Ang Babaeng Walang Pahinga"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Jaime Fabregas (Original Score) and Albert Michael Idioma (Sound Design) – "Curacha, Ang Babaeng Walang Pahinga"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"<br>
"Sana Pag-ibig Na"
External links.
http://www.imdb.com/event/ev0001353/1999

</doc>
<doc id="36647223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647223" title="Signature recognition">
Signature recognition

Signature recognition is a behavioural biometric. It can be operated in two different ways:
Static: In this mode, users write their signature on paper, digitize it through an optical scanner or a camera, and the biometric system recognizes the signature analyzing its shape. This group is also known as “off-line”.
Dynamic: In this mode, users write their signature in a digitizing tablet, which acquires the signature in real time. Another possibility is the acquisition by means of stylus-operated PDAs. Dynamic recognition is also known as “on-line”. Dynamic information usually consists of the following information:
The state-of-the-art in signature recognition can be found in the last major international competition.
The most popular pattern recognition techniques applied for signature recognition are dynamic time warping, hidden Markov models and vector quantization. Combinations of different techniques also exist.
Related techniques.
Recently, a handwriten biometric approach has also been proposed. In this case, the user is recognized analyzing his handwritten text (see also Handwritten biometric recognition).
Databases.
Several public databases exist, being the most popular ones SVC, and MCYT.

</doc>
<doc id="36647224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647224" title="J. Percy Bruce">
J. Percy Bruce

Joseph Percy Bruce (, 1861 - 1934) was a British missionary to China.
In 1908, he purchased about 360,000 square meters (545 mu) of land to the southwest of the old city of Jinan for the establishment of Cheeloo University. He served as Dean of the theological seminary and later as president of Cheeloo University (from 1916 to 1920). After his return to the United Kingdom, he served as governor of the School of Oriental Studies in London from 1929 to 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="36647234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647234" title="Clélia Reuse">
Clélia Reuse

Clélia Reuse (born 1 August 1988 in Riddes, Valais) is a Swiss track and field athlete.
She was selected to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 4×100 m relay.
Personal bests.
100 metres: 11.63 w.1.8 (2012)<br>
100 metres hurdles: 13.19 w.0.2 (2012)<br>
Long Jump: 6.60 w.0.5 (2011)<br>
Heptathlon: 5305 (2010)

</doc>
<doc id="36647238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647238" title="Ben Duckett">
Ben Duckett

Ben Matthew Duckett (born 17 October 1994) is an English cricketer who plays for Northamptonshire. He is a left-handed batsman who also plays as a wicket-keeper. Duckett was included in the England Under-19 squad for the 2012 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. Duckett made his debut for Northamptonshire in the 2012 Friends Life t20 against Gloucestershire on 8 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36647242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647242" title="Dynamine racidula">
Dynamine racidula

Dynamine racidula, the Racidula Sailor, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Brazil and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36647260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647260" title="John Vaughan (politician)">
John Vaughan (politician)

John Vaughan (by 1512-1577), was an English politician.
Vaughan was a Member of the Parliament of England for Herefordshire in 1542, Horsham 1547, Surrey in 1547, Petersfield in March 1553, April 1554 and November 1554, Bletchingley in 1555, Hedon in 1559, Northumberland in 1563, Dartmouth in 1571 and Grantham in 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="36647269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647269" title="Newar window">
Newar window

Newār window refers to the elaborately carved wooden window which is the distinguishing feature of traditional Nepalese architecture. The ornate windows have been described as a symbol of Newar culture and artistry. The level of design and carving of the Newar window reached its peak in the mid-18th century. They are found on palaces, private residences and sacred houses across Nepal Mandala.
The lintel, sill and jamb are ornamented with figures of deities, mythical beings, dragons, peacocks, auspicious jars and other elements. The window is surmounted by ritual parasols. Traditional Newar houses are usually of four stories and built of brick. Different types of windows are used on each floor according to their function.
Newar windows and bare-brick facade in the traditional style are making a comeback as an architectural trend due to the tourism industry and growing heritage awareness.
Types of windows.
Among the many window designs, the following are the most common.
Famous windows.
A number of traditional carved windows in the Kathmandu Valley are celebrated for their uniqueness.

</doc>
<doc id="36647275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647275" title="1999 Young Critics Circle Awards">
1999 Young Critics Circle Awards

10th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Sisa"
The 10th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 2000, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 1999.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Sisa" (dir. Mario O'Hara)"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Bulaklak ng Maynila" (dir. Joel Lamangan)<br>
"Phone Sex" (dir. Jose Javier Reyes)<br>
"Pila Balde" (dir. Jeffrey Jeturian)<br>
"Saranggola" (dir. Gil Portes)
Best Performance.
Elizabeth Oropesa – "Bulaklak ng Maynila"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Christopher de Leon – "Bulaklak ng Maynila"<br>
Jhong Hilario – "Muro-ami"<br>
Lester Llansang – "Saranggola"
Best Screenplay.
Mario O'Hara – "Sisa"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Armando Lao – "Pila Balde"
Best Editing.
Roberto Vasadre – "Pila Balde"<br>
Nominee:<br>
"Luksong Tinik"<br>
"Sisa"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Shayne Clemente (Cinematography) and Ronnie Cruz (Production Design) – "Pila Balde"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Bulaklak ng Maynila"<br>
"Phone Sex"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Jesse Lucas (Original Score) and Albert Michael Idioma (Sound Design) – "Phone Sex"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Bulaklak ng Maynila"<br>
"Pila Balde"

</doc>
<doc id="36647294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647294" title="Wang Xueqin">
Wang Xueqin

Wang Xueqin (born January 1, 1991 in Jiangsu) is a Chinese long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 22nd with a time of 2:28:31.

</doc>
<doc id="36647306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647306" title="John Vaughan (died 1574)">
John Vaughan (died 1574)

John Vaughan (by 1525 - 1574), was a Welsh politician.
He was the eldest son of Hugh Vaughan of Kidwelly.
He was Mayor of Carmarthen in 1554-5 and 1563-4, and an alderman in 1555. He was a justice of the peace for Carmarthenshire from 1559 until his death and was appointed High Sheriff of Carmarthenshire for 1562–63. He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Carmarthen Boroughs in 1558 and 1571 and Carmarthenshire in 1572.
He married Catherine, the daughter of Henry Morgan of Muddlescwm, with whom he had two sons, Henry and Walter, and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36647309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647309" title="Kajaran Mine">
Kajaran Mine

Kajaran Mine, also spelled Qajaran Mine, is an active copper and molybdenum open-pit mine in Armenia's southern province of Syunik in the town of Kajaran. It is the largest operating mine in Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="36647312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647312" title="Coenophlebia">
Coenophlebia

Coenophlebia is a genus of neotropical charaxine butterflies in the family Nymphalidae, native to Colombia, Peru, Brazil, Bolivia and Ecuador. It is a monotypic genus. The single species is Coenophlebia archidona. The habitat consists of rainforests and transitional cloudforests at altitudes between 100 and 800 meters.
The wingspan is about 90 mm. Adults mimic fallen leaves. They are attracted to decaying matter.

</doc>
<doc id="36647317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647317" title="Shinta Mulia Sari">
Shinta Mulia Sari

Shinta Mulia Sari is an Indonesian-born Singaporean badminton player. She represented Singapore in the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36647319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647319" title="Enhanced Methods of Questioning">
Enhanced Methods of Questioning

Enhanced Methods of Questioning is an EP released by Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine. It was released on May 24, 2011 on Alternative Tentacles. The name is a reference to enhanced interrogation techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="36647324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647324" title="Dale Stevenson (athlete)">
Dale Stevenson (athlete)

Dale Stevenson (born 1 January 1988) is an Australian athlete. He is competing for Australia in shot-put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647334" title="1987–88 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1987–88 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1987–88 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 14 teams. The national champions were Marítimo.

</doc>
<doc id="36647336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647336" title="Margaret Birtwistle">
Margaret Birtwistle

Margaret Jean Birtwistle (née Lucas, 26 July 1925 – 18 May 1992) was a British track and field athlete and a British team member in the 1948 London Olympics. In June 1948, she set the British women's record in discus throw.
At the 1948 Olympics she represented Great Britain in both the shot put and the discus.

</doc>
<doc id="36647345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647345" title="Handwritten biometric recognition">
Handwritten biometric recognition

Handwritten biometric recognition should not be confused with Optical character recognition (OCR). While the goal of handwritten biometrics is to identify the author of a given text, the goal of an OCR is to recognize the content of the text, regardless of his author.
Handwritten biometric recognition belongs to behavioural biometric systems because it is based on something that the user has learnt to do.
Handwritten biometrics can be split into two main categories:
Static: In this mode, users writes on paper, digitize it through an optical scanner or a camera, and the biometric system recognizes the text analyzing its shape. This group is also known as “off-line”.
Dynamic: In this mode, users writes in a digitizing tablet, which acquires the text in real time. Another possibility is the acquisition by means of stylus-operated PDAs. Dynamic recognition is also known as “on-line”.Dynamic information usually consists of the following information:
Better accuracies are achieved by means of dynamic systems. Some technological approaches exist.

</doc>
<doc id="36647347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647347" title="Julian Wruck">
Julian Wruck

Julian Edward Wruck (born 6 July 1991) is an Australian discus thrower and Olympic athlete. His personal best to date is 68.16m which places him as the Number 2 athlete on the All Time List of Australian discus throwers.
Biography.
Wruck was born in Brisbane, Queensland, on July 6, 1991, to Paul Anthony Wruck and Mary Lou Watkins, both high school teachers. He attended Our Lady of the Rosary Primary school from preschool to Year 3, followed by Nudgee Junior College until Year 7. In 2004, Wruck began his five years of high school at St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace.
Always passionate about sport, Wruck represented his school in rugby, basketball, rowing, and athletics. He attended the Kenmore Little Athletics Club from the age of seven and broke numerous junior shot put records. A shattered tibia during a school basketball game at 15 years of age steered Wruck permanently away from team sports and into the individual athletic throwing events of discus and shot put. He attended Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas for two years (mid 2009 – mid 2011). He now attends UCLA on a sporting scholarship and is completing a degree in Philosophy while training and throwing in the Pacific-12 Conference (Pac-12) and NCAA Championships.
Achievements.
Wruck first realized his potential as a discus thrower at the age of 15 when he won the 2007 Australian National All Schools Track and Field Championships with a throw of 58.40m. The following year he was selected to compete in the Commonwealth Youth Games in Pune India where he beat second place-getter England by more than five metres and set a new Australian and Commonwealth Youth record (1.75 kg) with a throw of 60.88m. He concluded 2008 by winning the Pacific Schools Games 17 Years Discus by throwing the 1.5 kg discus 60.43m. This was his launching pad for a U.S. Collegiate scholarship to Texas Tech.
In 2010, Wruck won bronze at the IAAF World Junior Championships in Moncton, Canada. He was then selected to compete in the Commonwealth Games in Delhi and made the finals despite being Australia’s youngest male Athletics competitor at 19 years and 89 days. He also claimed the Australian U20 Discus record.
In his 2011 sophomore year, Wruck won the prestigious NCAA Division 1 Men’s Discus title with a throw of 61.81m. At a meet in Geelong in December 2011, Wruck threw a personal best of 65.78m, 2.3 metres further than his previous PB, which was also a new Queensland record and an Olympic A qualifier. It was at that time the furthest distance thrown by an Australian male discus thrower on Australian soil.
Returning to Melbourne for the Olympic selection trials in March 2012, Wruck threw 61.54m in difficult conditions to win the competition, defeating reigning champion Benn Harradine (60.51m), and securing his place on the Australian Olympic team to compete in London that year.
Of the 41 competitors in the Men’s Discus at the Olympics, Wruck was third youngest at just 21 years of age. His preparation for the games was greatly hampered by a serious bout of Glandular Fever (Infectious Mononucleosis) which stripped 30 kg from his frame and left him severely weakened. He finished 28th overall.
Wruck’s most successful year came in 2013, where in the US College Division 1 system he claimed John Godina’s UCLA and Pac-12 Records, and Hannes Hopley’s all time NCAA record. A big highlight was "...his performance at the exhibition Claremont Throws meet the week prior, where he uncorked the best throw ever by a collegian with a 223-7 (68.16m) mark, and won his second NCAA discus title. He finished the season not only undefeated but nearly untouchable in eight collegiate events in 2013, registering the top 27 throws by any collegian in 2013." Finally, after being nominated for the Bowerman Award for the best male Track and Field Athlete of the Year in the US Collegiate system, Wruck was selected as a finalist (final 3) and was voted number one in the Bowerman Fan Vote. 
In Australia, he claimed his first Open Australian Discus Title with a World Championship A Qualifying distance over 66m, gaining an automatic qualification to the World Athletics Championships in Moscow. At the 2013 IAAF World Athletics Championships Wruck finished in 11th position. In 2013, Julian Wruck ranked 4th on the IAAF world list of Men's Discus Throwers.

</doc>
<doc id="36647355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647355" title="Ole Amund Gjersvik">
Ole Amund Gjersvik

Ole Amund Gjersvik (born 10 December 1963 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (upright bass) and composer, central on the Bergen jazz scene and known from a number of record releases.
Career.
Gjersvik studied at the Grieg Academy in Bergen, Bergen Conservatory of Music, where he has also taught. As a performing musician, he has led his own trios, quartets and quintets as well as tango orchestra Combo Tango. Gjersvik is very versatile and has played with musicians like Kaizers Orchestra, Ketil Bjørnstad, Ole Thomsen, Kåre Thomsen, Ole Paus, Jan Eggum, Herborg Kråkevik and Sissel Kyrkjebø. He has also been widely used in theater and television connection, and has participated on many albums. Under his own name, he has published "A Voice from the Past" (1990) and "Milonga Triste" (1998) among others, and Combo Tango Plays Music by Ole Amund Gjersvik (2002). He has received numerous awards and honors, including Rolf Gammleng Award in 2000. Gjersvik is also a dancer and instructor in the Argentine tango. In 1990 he founded his own label, Acoustic Records.
Discography.
Solo albums:
With other artists:

</doc>
<doc id="36647357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647357" title="Robert Urbanek">
Robert Urbanek

Robert Urbanek (born 29 April 1987 in Łęczyca) is a Polish athlete specializing in the discus throw. His personal best in the event is 66.93 meters, achieved in 2012 in Halle.
He competed for Poland at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647359" title="Villa Inferno">
Villa Inferno

Villa Inferno is the fifth album by Italian band Zen Circus in collaboration with Brian Ritchie from the American band Violent Femmes, released in 2008 by Unhip Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36647364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647364" title="Sharie De Castro">
Sharie De Castro

Sharie De Castro (born December 31, 1991 in Road Town) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss British Virgin Islands 2012, was represented British overseas territory to the 2013 Miss Universe pageant.
Early life.
Sharie is graduate of Texas Christian University. While at university, she was a member of Delta Sigma Theta sorority. She is currently employed at the Elmore Stoutt High School.
Miss British Virgin Islands 2012.
The finals of Miss British Virgin Islands 2012 held at Multi Purpose Sports Complex in Road Town on August 5, 
2012. As well as the title, she also won Miss Congeniality, People’s Choice, Miss Poise, Best BVI Promotion, Best Talent, Best Interview (prelim) and Miss Intellect (composed of Best Introduction, Question and Answer and Pre-done interview).
Miss Caribbean World 2013.
The finals of 8th Annual Miss Caribbean World 2013 was held at Multi Purpose Sports Complex in Road Town on May 4, 2013. As well as the title, she also won Miss Poise, Best Talent, Best Evening Wear and Miss Intellect and tied with Miss Dominica in the Best Swimwear category.
References.
http://www.virginislandsnewsonline.com/en/news/ms-bvi-feeling-the-pressure-ahead-of-miss-caribbean-world

</doc>
<doc id="36647365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647365" title="Przemysław Czajkowski">
Przemysław Czajkowski

Przemysław Czajkowski (born 26 October 1988 in Wysokie Mazowieckie) is a Polish athlete specializing in the discus throw. His personal best in the event is 65.61 meters, achieved in 2012 in Łódź.
He competed for Poland at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647370" title="Siderone">
Siderone

Siderone is a Neotropical nymphalid butterfly genus in the subfamily Charaxinae.

</doc>
<doc id="36647374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647374" title="Inés Melchor">
Inés Melchor

Inés Melchor (born August 30, 1986 in Acobambilla, Huancavelica) is a Peruvian long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 25th with a time of 2:28:54, a Peruvian national record and the South America area record to the marathon. Melchor also holds Peruvian records for the 5000 and 10,000 metres on the track.
She won numerous youth and junior medals at the continental level and competed at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics and the 2004 Summer Olympics while still a teenager. She won a gold medal double in the 5000 m and 10,000 m at the 2009 South American Championships in Athletics. She also won the bronze medal in the 5000 m at the 2011 Pan American Games. She is a three-time champion at the South American Cross Country Championships.
Biography.
Early life.
Inés Melchor, or her complete name is "Santa Inés Melchor Huiza", was born in 1986 in Acobambilla District, Huancavelica Province, Perú.
She was only three months old, when her parents decided to move to Huancayo. There, Inés attended local school in Nuestra Señora del Cocharcas and eventually earned a bachelor of laws from Los Andes Peruvian University.
Youth and junior career.
Melchor emerged as one of South America's most promising long-distance runners at an early age. She was the 3000 metres silver medallist at the 2000 South American Youth Championships in Athletics at the age of thirteen. The following year she won the 5000 metres title at the 2001 South American Junior Championships in Athletics (also taking 3000 m bronze), and then won the 3000 m title and 5000 m silver at the Pan American Juniors a week later. As the youngest in the field at the 2002 South American Junior Championships, both Nadia Rodríguez and Silvia Paredes (two and three years older than Melchor) got the better of her and the Peruvian left with only a 3000 m bronze medal. In the younger age bracket she won the 3000 m at the South American Youth Championships and also managed a bronze in the 1500 metres.
Melchor was dominant regionally in 2003: aged sixteen, she won both the 3000 m and 5000 m titles at the South American Juniors and the Pan American Juniors. At the 2003 World Youth Championships in Athletics 3000 m race she was the best performer from the Americas, taking sixth overall. Such was her talent, she was one of a handful of Peruvian entrants for the 2003 World Championships in Athletics, where she ran in the 5000 metres.
In 2004 she won her first junior title at the South American Cross Country Championships. She was the only runner from the Americas in the 3000 m at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics and placed eleventh. The seventeen-year-old made her Olympic debut for Peru at the 2004 Athens Olympics, competing in the first round of the 5000 m. She was the youngest of only twelve Peruvians present at the games. She also placed ninth in the 3000 m at the 2004 Ibero-American Championships in Athletics that year.
She was South America's best performer in the junior race at the 2005 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, coming 29th overall. In her last year of junior eligibility she won a 3000/5000 m double at the South American Juniors. She was the 5000 m champion at the Pan American Juniors but was beaten into second in the 3000 m by Canada's Alyson Kohlmeier.
Start of senior career.
In her first year of senior competition, she competed sparingly, with her main appearance being 72nd in the long race at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships after a victory at the South American Cross Country . The following year saw her make a breakthrough as a senior runner. She was runner-up at the South American Cross Country behind Ednalva Laureano da Silva. At her first continental senior championships she was fifth in the 5000 m but took the 10,000 metres silver medal behind Lucélia Peres. At the Pan American Games she ran in the 10,000 m and broke Marilu Salazar's fourteen-year-old Peruvian record with a time of 33:36.17 minutes for fifth place.
In 2008 she won her second senior title at the South American Cross Country and did a 5000/10,000 m double at the national championships, breaking Faustina Huamani's 5000 m national record in the process with a time of 16:17.37 minutes. She went unchallenged in either event at the 2008 South American Under-23 Championships in Athletics, held in Lima and left with two gold medals.
South American titles.
She reduced her national records further at the 2009 South American Championships in Athletics held on home turf in Lima. She established herself as the region's best distance runner as she won the 5000 m with a time of 16:00.41 minutes and the 10,000 m with a time of 33:11.79 minutes (also a championship record). She ran in the 5000 m heats at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics later that year and tried out a new event at the 2009 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, where she was 40th in a personal best of 74:33 minutes. She ended her year with a 10,000 m win at the Bolivarian Games. In 2010 she won the South American cross country title for a third time, but did not compete for the rest of the year. She returned to action near the end of 2011 and claimed the 5000 m bronze medal at the 2011 Pan American Games.
Marathon running.
Melchor moved up to the marathon distance in the 2012 season. She made her debut at the Seoul International Marathon and her time of 2:30:04 hours for sixth was a Peruvian marathon record. This qualified her for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She improved her national record further at the competition, completing a run of 2:28:54 hours for 25th place. At the closing ceremony she was the flag bearer for Peru. In 2013 she placed third at the Santiago Marathon, won the Ultimas Noticias 15K in Ecuador, and was runner-up at the Bogotá Half Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36647379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647379" title="Traves Smikle">
Traves Smikle

Travis Smikle (born 7 May 1992) is a Jamaican athlete. He competed for Jamaica in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2013 Smikle tested positive at doping test.

</doc>
<doc id="36647386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647386" title="Apostolos Parellis">
Apostolos Parellis

Apostolos Parellis (born 24 July 1985 in Limassol) s a Cypriot athlete specializing in the discus throw. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics narrowly missing the final. His personal best of 65.36 metres, achieved in 2012, is the current Cypriot record.

</doc>
<doc id="36647391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647391" title="Markus Münch (athlete)">
Markus Münch (athlete)

Markus Münch (born 13 June 1986) is a German athlete. He is competing for Germany in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647392" title="1628 in Ireland">
1628 in Ireland

Events from the year 1628 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36647397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647397" title="Andate tutti Affanculo">
Andate tutti Affanculo

Andate tutti Affanculo is the sixth album by Italian band Zen Circus, released in 2009 by La Tempesta Dischi. 

</doc>
<doc id="36647398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647398" title="Alireza Ghadiri">
Alireza Ghadiri

Alireza Ghadiri (, born 8 October 1979) is an Iranian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Saba.
Club career.
Club career statistics.
Last Update 25 July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="36647399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647399" title="Aswamedham (1992 film)">
Aswamedham (1992 film)

Aswamedham () is a 1992 Telugu film directed by K Raghavendra Rao and produced by Aswani Dutt under Vyjayanthi Movies. The film stars Balakrishna, Sobhan Babu, Meena and Nagma in the lead roles.
Music.
The music was composed by Ilayaraja.

</doc>
<doc id="36647404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647404" title="Yaime Pérez">
Yaime Pérez

Yaime Perez Tellez (also "Yaimí Pérez Tellez", born 19 May 1991 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban athlete. She is competing for Cuba in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647408" title="Veikko Asikainen">
Veikko Asikainen

Veikko Asikainen (18 April 1918, in Turku – 14 June 2002, in Turku) was a Finnish footballer.
He earned 56 caps at international level between 1938 and 1955.
At club level Asikainen played for TPS and Haka.

</doc>
<doc id="36647414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647414" title="Karen Gallardo">
Karen Gallardo

Karen Pamela Gallardo Pinto (born 6 March 1984 in Copiapó, Atacama) is a Chilean athlete. She competed for Chile in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647415" title="Margaret of Bavaria, Duchess of Slavonia">
Margaret of Bavaria, Duchess of Slavonia

Margaret of Bavaria (1325–1374) was the eldest child of Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor, and Margaret II, Countess of Hainaut.
In Ofen in 1351, Margaret married Stephen, Duke of Slavonia, the youngest son of King Charles I of Hungary and Elizabeth of Poland. The couple's first child, Elizabeth, was born the next year, and was followed by John in 1354. Upon Stephen's death the same year, John inherited the duchy, with Duchess Margaret as his guardian.
The Duchess remarried in 1356, choosing Gerlach von Hohenlohe as her second husband, but kept the regency over Slavonia, Croatia and Dalmatia. However, a war broke out between the Kingdom of Hungary and the Republic of Venice in the spring of the same year and the royal court decided to end the duchy's autonomy. Margaret was thus deprived of power. John, who had been recognised as heir presumptive of both Hungary and Poland, died in 1360.
Death.
She died in 1374 and was survived by her daughter and second husband.

</doc>
<doc id="36647423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647423" title="Olgiate-Calco-Brivio railway station">
Olgiate-Calco-Brivio railway station

Olgiate-Calco-Brivio is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Lecco–Milan railway, it serves the municipalities of Olgiate Molgora, Calco and Brivio.
Services.
Olgiate-Calco-Brivio is served by the line S8 of the Milan suburban railway service, operated by the Lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36647427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647427" title="Monique Jansen">
Monique Jansen

Monique Jansen (born 3 October 1978, Harderwijk) is a Dutch athlete specializing in the discus throw. She competed for the Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Olympics, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647429" title="Nastassia Staravoitava">
Nastassia Staravoitava

Nastassia Staravoitava (; born November 4, 1982 in Zhodzina) is a Belarusian long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 33rd with a time of 2:30:25.

</doc>
<doc id="36647431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647431" title="1988–89 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1988–89 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1988–89 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 16 teams. The national champions were Mineros de Guayana.

</doc>
<doc id="36647433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647433" title="Siderone galanthis">
Siderone galanthis

Siderone galanthis, the Scarlet Leafwing or Red-striped Leafwing, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Mexico to southern Brazil. The habitat consists deciduous and evergreen forests at altitudes up to 900 meters.
Adults have been recorded imbibing mineralised moisture from the ground.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on "Casearia sylvestris" and "Zuelania quidonia".

</doc>
<doc id="36647435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647435" title="Nati per Subire">
Nati per Subire

Nati per Subire is the seventh album by Italian band Zen Circus, released in 2011 by La Tempesta Dischi.

</doc>
<doc id="36647441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647441" title="Yao Lei">
Yao Lei

Yao Lei is a Singaporean badminton player. She represented Singapore in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Her parents Yao Yi Ping and Gu Xiao Jing were both international badminton players. In 2003 as a 13-year-old she had emigrated to Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="36647444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647444" title="Sviatlana Siarova">
Sviatlana Siarova

Sviatlana Siarova (born 21 August 1986) is a Belarusian athlete. She is competing for Belarus in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647453" title="Irina Rodrigues">
Irina Rodrigues

Irina Rodrigues (born 5 February 1991) is a Portuguese athlete specializing in the discus throw. She competed for Portugal at the 2012 Summer Olympics without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647460" title="2000 Young Critics Circle Awards">
2000 Young Critics Circle Awards

11th YCC Awards<br>
Best Films: <br>
"Bayaning Third World"<br>"Tanging Yaman"
The 11th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 2001, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 2000.
Winners.
Best Picture.
(tie) ""'Bayaning Third World" (dir. Mike de Leon)<br>
Tanging Yaman" (dir. Laurice Guillen)""'<br>
Nominees:<br>
"" (dir. Nick Deocampo)<br>
"" (dir. Edgardo Vinarao)<br>
"Sugatang Puso" (dir. Jose Javier Reyes)
Best Performance.
Entire Cast – "Tanging Yaman"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Alessandra de Rossi – "Azucena"<br>
Johnny Delgado – "Tanging Yaman"<br>
Dolphy – "Markova Comfort Gay"<br>
Rio Locsin – "Bayaning Third World"<br>
Elizabeth Oropesa – ""<br>
Gloria Romero – "Tanging Yaman"
Best Screenplay.
Shaira Mella Salvador, Raymond Lee, and Laurice Guillen – "Tanging Yaman"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Nick Deocampo and Chuck Escasa – ""<br>
Jose N. Carreon – ""
Best Editing.
Armando Jarlego – "Bayaning Third World"<br>
Nominees:<br>
""<br>
"Tanging Yaman"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Ding Achaocoso (Cinematography) and Roy Lachica (Production Design) – "Bayaning Third World"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Laro sa Baga"<br>
""<br>
"Pangarap ng Puso"<br>
"Pedrong Palad"<br>
""<br>
"Tanging Yaman"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
(tie) Lorrie Ilustre (Original Score), Noel Cruz Bruan and Raffy Baladjay, Jr. (Sound Design) – "Bayaning Third World"<br>
Jesse Lucas (Original Score) and Albert Michael Idioma (Sound Design) – "Sugatang Puso"<br>
Nominee:<br>
"Tanging Yaman"

</doc>
<doc id="36647463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647463" title="Allison Randall">
Allison Randall

Allison Randall (born 25 February 1988) is a Jamaican athlete. She competed for Jamaica in the discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2013 June Randall tested positive at doping test taken at Jamaican trials.

</doc>
<doc id="36647474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647474" title="Vera Karmishina-Ganeeva">
Vera Karmishina-Ganeeva

Vera Karmishina-Ganeeva (born 6 November 1988) is a Russian athlete. She is competing for Russia in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647484" title="Li Wen-hua">
Li Wen-hua

Li Wen-Hua (born 3 December 1989) is a Taiwanese athlete. She is competing for Chinese Taipei in discus at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647493" title="Sabine Heinrich">
Sabine Heinrich

Sabine Heinrich (born 27 December 1976 in Unna, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is a German radio and television presenter.
Career.
Since 2001 Sabine Heinrich works at the radio station 1LIVE in Cologne. There she presents the morning show "1LIVE mit Frau Heinrich" (1LIVE with Mrs Heinrich) which runs from 10 am to 2 pm. Previously she was editor at various newspapers and radio stations, including Antenne Unna and Radio NRW as well as the "Hellweger Anzeiger" where she collaborated with editor Matthias Aust.
In 2006 she presented her first television show. With her co-host Thorsten Schorn she hosted ten episodes of the live show Schorn & Heinrich in WDR television. In 2008 she presented the aftershow party to the 1LIVE Krone also at WDR television.
From early February to early March 2010 she jointly hosted with Matthias Opdenhövel the talent show Unser Star für Oslo (Our Star for Oslo) by Stefan Raab, the preselection to the Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo which was running both on the television channels Das Erste and ProSieben. They teamed also up at the 2010 ECHO music awards in Berlin. On the evening of the Eurovision Song Contest on 29 May 2010, the duo hosted the preliminary reports in Das Erste and the Eurovision party in Hamburg before and after the song contest. From late January to mid February 2011 she collaborated again with Opdenhövel when they hosted the show Unser Song für Deutschland (Our song for Germany) to find an entry for Lena Meyer-Landrut at the Eurovision Song Contest in Düsseldorf. In mid-2010 she joined the team of the constantly changing outdoor reporters for the WDR show "Zimmer frei" (Vacancy). In addition she hosted the daily magazine "Einsweiter" (Next One) on the digital television channel Einsfestival. Since September 2011 Heinrich has a weekly talk show on Einsfestival, the "1LIVE Talk mit Frau Heinrich" (1LIVE Talk with Mrs. Heinrich) which runs Tuesdays at 9 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="36647494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647494" title="Soslan Tsirikhov">
Soslan Tsirikhov

Soslan Tsirikhov (born 24 November 1984) is a Russian athlete specializing in the shot put. He represented Russia at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647496" title="Antiochis (daughter of Antiochus the Great)">
Antiochis (daughter of Antiochus the Great)

Antiochis was a Hellenistic princess from the dynasty of the Seleucids and in the first half of the second century BC queen of Cappadocia. 
Antiochis was a daughter of the Seleucid king Antiochus III the Great and his wife Laodice. Some time before the war of her father against the Romans she married king Ariarathes IV of Cappadocia, who therefore supported his father-in-law in the battle of Magnesia (190 BC). However, Antiochus III lost the battle. Antiochis bore her husband a son, who was called "Mithridates" before his accession to the throne and succeeded his father as Ariarathes V of Cappadocia, and two daughters, among them Stratonice, who first married king Eumenes II of Pergamon and afterwards his brother and successor Attalus II Philadelphus.
According to the questionable report of the ancient Greek-Sicilian historian Diodorus Siculus Antiochis, allegedly an unscrupulous woman, is supposed to have been barren and therefore to have foisted two sons called Ariarathes and Orophernes. Later she is said to have given birth to the above mentioned three children and to have told the truth to her husband. Thereupon she should have provided her foisted sons with sufficient money and sent the older one to Rome and the younger one to Ionia to make it possible for her legitimate son to succeed his father without difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="36647500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647500" title="Kim Christensen (athlete)">
Kim Christensen (athlete)

Kim Juhl Christensen (born 1 April 1984 in Mariager) is a Danish athlete. He represented Denmark in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647514" title="Raigo Toompuu">
Raigo Toompuu

Raigo Toompuu (born 17 July 1981) is an Estonian athlete. He competed for Estonia in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647522" title="Stephen Saenz">
Stephen Saenz

Stephen Saenz (born 23 August 1990) is a Mexican athlete. He is competing for Mexico in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647523" title="Belarus Space Agency">
Belarus Space Agency

Belarus Space Agency (BSA), is a governmental body that coordinates all Belarus space research programs with scientific and commercial goals. It was established in 2009. It is closely associated with the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus, which was responsible for Belarusian space travel until the foundation of the Belarus Space Agency.
History of Belarusian Space Travel.
The only two Belarusians in space were Pyotr Klimuk and Vladimir Kovalyonok. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union they worked in Russia.
Belarus together with Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan are making joint efforts to adapt their existing geoinformation systems to particular applications. However, no formal agreements on cooperation
in the development of common Geographic information system are in place.
Belarus commenced the construction of a mission control station (MCC) as part of its longterm
space programme aimed at expanding cooperation with Roskosmos. This MCC will enable
the country to make fuller use of a prospective group of Russian-Belarusian ERS satellites. Belarus, in partnership with Roskosmos, is developing a new high-resolution ERS satellite, the
so-called “flying telescope”, which will be placed into orbit in 2015.
Having ample infrastructure and qualified personnel at its disposal, Russia remains the main
provider of ERS services to other CIS countries like Belarus. A Belarusian ERS satellite is being designed in partnership with Russian companies. It will be launched by Kosmotrans from Baikonur using Dnepr-1 boosters.
Negotiations were held between the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus and Roskosmos over Belarus joining GLONASS.
In Belarus, space activities were the domain of the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus. The main space activities of the academy were:
Space Programme.
"The new structure will deal with all matters pertaining to the study and use of outer space, including a new Belarusian satellite, due to be launched next year," said Mikhail Myasnikovich, president of National Academy of Sciences of Belarus.
Additionally Belarus plans to set up own Flight Control Center in the building of the United Institute of Informatics Problems in Minsk. Flight Control Center (CUP) will receive the information from the command-measuring post now constructed in Logoisk district.
In August 2012 Belarus invited China to expand the collaboration in space industry. President of the Republic of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko offered closer cooperation in the space industry to China, as he met with President of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC) Ma Xingrui on 6. August 2012. The President of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation Ma Xingrui also pointed to the high level of cooperation in the space industry between Belarus and China and praised the quality of Belarusian space equipment.
Belarus prepares currently on the national space program for 2013-2017. December 16, 2011, during a seminar of government officials, President Alexander Lukashenko instructed the Belarusian scientists to construct the world's best spacecraft.
In August 2012 Belarus started its first remote Earth sensing system. The first space images pictured parts of Mozambique and Bahrain.
In October 2012 Russia and Belarus declared to start a space satellite group. Additionally both states want to open a center for space services in Minsk. The Director of the Space Strategy and Program Department of Roscosmos Yuri Makarov noted that Belarus and Russia might develop a joint small spacecraft for scientific and educational purposes to be used at universities of the two countries. 

</doc>
<doc id="36647524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647524" title="Nerrina, Victoria">
Nerrina, Victoria

Nerrina is a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia on the north-eastern rural-urban fringe of the city, east of the Central Business District. The population at the 2011 census was 849.
Nerrina is a semi-rural suburb with a very small township and commercial area. It is located on the foothills of the Brown Hill range and straddles both sides of the Western Freeway.
History.
Historically, this area was known as Nerrena (named after the Nerrena Creek) and then Little Bendigo (after Bendigo). Little Bendigo Post Office opened on 1 June 1862, was renamed "Nerrina" in 1881 and closed in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36647533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647533" title="Emanuele Fuamatu">
Emanuele Fuamatu

Emanuele Fuamatu (born 27 October 1989) is a Samoan athlete. He competed for Samoa in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he did not advance to the final. Emanuele Fuamatu competed for Australia at the 2005 IAAF World Youth Championships,2006 Iaaf World Junior Championships, and the 2008 IAAF World Junior Championships. He holds the current Male NSW Under 16, Under 18, Under 20, and Open Shot Put Records. Emanuele Fuamatu won the Shot Put in the Australian Junior Championships in 2005,2006,2007 and 2008. He attends University in Sydney, Australia majoring in Law.
Fuamatu won silver at the 2011 Pacific Games with a throw of 18.11 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36647537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647537" title="Pål Benum">
Pål Benum

Pål Sverre Benum (born 3 August 1935) is a Norwegian long-distance runner. He specialized in the longest track distances, 5000 and 10,000 metres, in which he also competed at 1964 Olympic Games as well as cross-country running. On the track he became national champion three times, in addition to nine titles in cross-country. After his active career he became a professor of medicine.
Athletic career.
He was born in Verdal as an older brother of historian Edgeir Benum. He moved to Oslo and represented the club IL i BUL. His personal best times were 8:09.6 in the 3000 metres (1964), 9:19.2 in the 3000 metre steeplechase (1963), 14:06.6 in the 5000 metres (1964) and 29:13.6 in the 10,000 metres (1964). In middle distance races he had 1:54.8 in the 800 metres (1959), 3:47.6 in the 1500 metres (1959) and 4:13.1 in the mile run (1959).
His only international outing came at the 1964 Summer Olympics, where he placed nineteenth in the 10,000 metres. On the track he became Norwegian champion in the 5000 metres in 1962 and 1964. He also won a bronze medal in 1959 and silver in 1961. He won the 10,000 metres in 1963 ahead of reigning champion Magnar Lundemo, and then took a bronze medal in 1964. By 1964/1965, his teammate and competitor Thor Helland had established himself as dominant in the 5000 and 10,000 metres in Norway.
Benum also co-held the Norwegian club record in the 4 x 1500 metres relay. With his club IL i BUL he broke IK Tjalve's record in September 1958 at Bislett stadion with the time of 15:53.4 minutes. Benum and BUL later smashed their own record, clocking in 15:40.0 in July 1959 at the same track. Tjalve later reclaimed it with the time 15:28.4 in 1965.
Benum dominated Norwegian cross-country running in the early 1960s. He won the 3 kilometre cross-country championship in 1959, 1962, 1963 and 1964 and took the silver in 1961. In the now-defunct 8 kilometre event he won Norwegian titles in 1962, 1963 and 1964. He also won the road relay Holmenkollstafetten with IL i BUL.
As a teenager, Benum was also a decent speed skater with personal bests of 49.1 in the 500 metres (1954), 2.38.8 in the 1500 metres (1952).
Medical career.
Unlike his brother who became a professor of history, Benum studied medicine in Oslo and Bergen. He took the doctorate, the dr.med. degree, in 1974 and specialized in orthopedics. From 1982 he was a professor of medicine at the St. Olav Hospital, connected to the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. Here he headed the Orthopedics Department for many years, and for his achievements he was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 2006. He is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="36647541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647541" title="Adriatik Hoxha">
Adriatik Hoxha

Adriatik Hoxha (born 9 March 1990) is an Albanian athlete who specializes in the shot put. He represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647553" title="Óðinn Björn Þorsteinsson">
Óðinn Björn Þorsteinsson

Odinn Bjorn Thorsteinsson (born 3 December 1981) is an Icelandic athlete. He competed for Iceland in the shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647559" title="Johann Georg Fischer (painter)">
Johann Georg Fischer (painter)

Johann Georg Fischer, an historical painter, was born at Augsburg in 1580. He travelled in Italy, but became an imitator of Albrecht Dürer. He died at Munich in 1643. The following are by him: 

</doc>
<doc id="36647574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647574" title="The Spirit of Gallipoli">
The Spirit of Gallipoli

The Spirit of Gallipoli is a 1928 silent Australian film. Originally running at 5,000 feet length only 1,554 feet survive.
Plot.
A rebellious young man, Billy Austin, is conscripted into the Australian Army. Initially an unwilling soldier, he eventually becomes a good one, and dreams of serving with the ANZACs at Gallipoli. He eventually leaves the army, gets married and settles down on a farm.
Production.
The film was made by two young army trainees of the 55th Battalion with a cast of amateurs in early 1928. It was a propaganda peace to promote the role of the army in peace time. Army co-operation meant enabled several scenes to be shot at Liverpool camp.
The footage of the Gallipoli dream sequence is taken from the silent movie "The Hero of the Dardanelles" (1915).
Commercial reception appears to have been limited.

</doc>
<doc id="36647578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647578" title="Geisa Arcanjo">
Geisa Arcanjo

Geisa Rafaela Arcanjo (born 19 September 1991, in São Roque, São Paulo) is a Brazilian athlete. She was a finalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing seventh. Her personal best for the event is 19.02 metres. She was the 2012 gold medallist at the Ibero-American Championships in Athletics. Arcanjo initially won at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics, but was disqualified for doping.
Born in São Roque, São Paulo, she started out in athletics by competing in the shot put and the discus throw. She made her debut for Brazil at the 2007 World Youth Championships in Athletics, competing in the discus. Her first international medal came in 2008, when she was the gold medallist in the shot put at the 2008 South American Youth Championships in Athletics. She also won the Brazilian youth titles in both the discus and shot. The following year she stepped up to the junior (under-19) level and had similar success, winning shot put gold and discus silver at the South American Junior Championships as well as a shot put bronze medal at the Pan American Junior Championships.
She began to focus on shot putting in 2010 and threw a Brazilian junior record of 17.11 m. She came fifth at the South American Games and fourth at the Ibero-American Championships. At the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics she won Brazil's first gold medal at the championships since 1994. However, her doping test came back positive for the banned diuretic Hydrochlorothiazide and she was later disqualified. Arcanjo said that the substance had entered her system through a green tea that she had been taking, unbeknownst to her coach. An initial judgement by the national athletics body (Confederação Brasileira de Atletismo) accepted the athlete's statement and gave her a warning rather than a ban. Brazil's sports court, Superior Tribunal de Justiça Desportiva, overturned this decision on these grounds, but upheld the warning due to the lack of enhancing impact that the substance would have on the athlete's performance. Arcanjo missed much of the 2011 season due to the length of the proceedings.
Arcanjo had significantly improved when she returned to action in 2012, setting a series of personal bests on the Brazilian circuit. She cleared eighteen metres for the first time at the 2012 Ibero-American Championships in Athletics, where she won the shot put with a personal best of 18.84 metres. After winning her first Brazilian title, she was selected for the Brazilian team for the 2012 London Olympics. Her throw of 19.02 metres in the Olympic final was enough for seventh place. She ended her season with a win at the 2012 South American Under-23 Championships in Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647581" title="Godyris">
Godyris

Godyris is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1870. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647596" title="Alexandra Fisher">
Alexandra Fisher

Alexandra Fisher (born 3 June 1988 in Pavlodar) is a Kazakhstani athlete. She is competing for Kazakhstan in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647605" title="Nuritdin Mukhitdinov">
Nuritdin Mukhitdinov

Nuritdin Mukhitdinov (; 6(19) November 1917 – 27 August 2008) was a Soviet politician. Between 1957 and 1961 he was a member of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, significantly contributing to its relations with the Soviet republics and foreign countries in Asia. He was also the Soviet ambassador to Syria between 1968 and 1977.
Biography.
Mukhitdinov was born in the village Allan near Tashkent in a family of Uzbek farmers. After finishing an Uzbek-language school, in 1934 he was sent to a University of Trade in Moscow. He graduated in 1938 and worked in the Communist Party system, first at a factory in Bukhara, Uzbekistan, and then with the Soviet Army in Ukraine. During World War II he participated in combat and was wounded at the Battle of Stalingrad. He was demobilized in 1946 to assume various party posts in Uzbekistan. In 1948 he became a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party and the next year was awarded the Order of Lenin. His party career became volatile in the 1950s. Mukhitdinov was officially reprimanded three times in 1951 by Joseph Stalin for poor management of cotton collection in Uzbekistan; nevertheless, in 1953, Stalin recommended him for election to the Central Committee of the Communist Party. Later in the same year, after the death of Stalin, Mukhitdinov was demoted by Lavrentiy Beria from the post of the Head of the Presidium of the Supreme Uzbekistan.
His career went up after the removal of Beria in December 1953. Mukhitdinov was reinstated at the Head of Presidium of the Supreme Uzbekistan. He opposed the attempted demotion of Nikita Khrushchev in 1957, and in return Khrushchev recommended him to the Supreme Soviet, where he was responsible for Central Asia, both within and beyond the USSR. However, by the end of the 1950s, Mukhitdinov developed strong disagreements on planning policies with leading party members such as Mikhail Suslov, Anastas Mikoyan, Frol Kozlov, and later with Khrushchev himself. For example, Mukhitdinov opposed the proposal by Khrushchev to remove the remains of Stalin from the Mausoleum. As a consequence, in 1961 he was demoted from the Supreme Soviet and was on the verge of expulsion from the Central Committee, and only his popularity in the native Uzbekistan spared his party career. He retained his international activities and in 1968-1977 served as the ambassador to Syria, eventually receiving the Order of Friendship. After retirement in 1985 he returned to native Tashkent, where he worked as a government adviser, wrote several books, and died in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36647606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647606" title="Sandra Lemos">
Sandra Lemos

Sandra Lemos (born 1 January 1989 in Pradera, Valle del Cauca) is a Colombian athlete. Her last name is commonly spelled Lemus. She competed for Colombia in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to reach the final.
Personal life.
She is the sister of decathlete José Gregorio Lemus, and mother of three children from the relation with judoka Luis Salazar.

</doc>
<doc id="36647609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647609" title="Prime World">
Prime World

Prime World is a freemium MMORPG-multiplayer online battle arena hybrid game, internally developed by Nival and available for PC and Mac with companion apps for Android and iOS platforms. 
"Prime World" revolves around a battle between two nations, the Dokht Imperium and the Keepers of Adornia, for control of Prime, a critical resource. Prime is a source of energy; an alien substance that alters the world and gives its users power over it. By controlling heroes, players support their armies, capture new territory and attempt to destroy the enemy's base. Each "Prime World" player is the lord of his or her own castle, which is both their main base of operations and home to the player’s heroes. At the castle, players can build various buildings, from mining facilities to decorative structures. Players can also create new talents and skills which can be chosen later, enhancing the selected hero's assets for upcoming battles.
Gameplay.
"Prime World" combines PvP and PvE session battles in multiplayer online battle arena style with MMORPG-style persistent character progression.
The game uses a castle-building metaphor to display a player's development and a collectible card mechanic for character talents. It has persistent character development between battles and a class system with roles outside of the "tank, mage, and healer" triad. "Prime World"'s main game mode is "Borderlands", which is a classic MOBA map with three lanes guarded by turrets and two bases.
Nival has released four additional PvP game modes: "Dragonwald", with more PvE-oriented gameplay than Borderlands; the fast-paced "Outpost" with a single lane; defense-based "Homeland"; and the zombie-ridden "Apocalypse". There is also a "Shuffle" mode, which is similar to Borderlands but with heroes randomly shuffled in a team. At E3 2013, Nival announced two PvE modes: single-player campaign and co-op "Challenges" missions. Both were available during the open beta weekend in June. 
There are currently 324 shared talents available in the game, each of which can be won in battle or produced in the castle. Talents can be upgraded up to four times, using other talents as a resource. There are also hero-specific talents that cannot be upgraded - up to nine per hero. This brings the total number of talents to 648.
Every hero gets experience points for winning or losing a PvP battle and for winning PvE battles. Losing a PvE battle does not give the player any rewards. Getting enough experience will unlock a new level, allowing the player to permanently upgrade a hero's basic characteristics.
As of March 2014, there are 68 heroes to choose from, 34 for each faction. Most heroes share the same gameplay mechanics for both factions, and are identical except for their appearance. Each faction has two unique heroes; Artiste and Demonologist for Kingdom of Adornia and Doctrine and Inventor for Dokht Imperium.
"Prime World" uses optional Facebook Connect to allow players to engage with their friends in the game, creating teams and using their help to improve production rates in their castle.
Gender features.
One of the basic talents that was originally available in the game allowed players of different genders to protect each other if they were playing together, and only if they were each playing a hero of their own previously-specified gender.
Another game feature was a different in-game heroes pricing policy for male and female gamers. After much controversy this feature was cancelled and prices are now the same for both male and female players. 
All gender features were removed from the game as well as the gender indication in the game interface.
Development.
Prime World was developed using the Unity game engine.

</doc>
<doc id="36647612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647612" title="Spodnji Pokštajn">
Spodnji Pokštajn

Spodnji Pokštajn (; also "Spodnji Pokštanj", ) is a former village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Podlesje.
History.
Together with Verdreng, Zgornji Pokštajn, and Lapinje, it was merged into the settlement of Podlesje in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="36647621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647621" title="Sviatlana Kouhan">
Sviatlana Kouhan

Sviatlana Kouhan (, née Klimkovich - ; born August 26, 1980 in Nemanitsa) is a Belarusian long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 34th with a time of 2:30:26.

</doc>
<doc id="36647622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647622" title="Elena Smolyanova">
Elena Smolyanova

Elena Smolyanova (born 16 February 1986) is a Uzbekistani athlete. She is competing for Uzbekistan in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647623" title="Masoud Haghjou">
Masoud Haghjou

Masoud Haghjou (, born June 30, 1986) is an Iranian football player, who plays in the defender position. He is currently a member of the Iran's Premier League football club, Saba Qom.
Club career.
Club career statistics.
Last update 25 July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="36647629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647629" title="Radoslava Mavrodieva">
Radoslava Mavrodieva

Radoslava Mavrodieva-Yankova (born 13 March 1987 in Sliven) is a Bulgarian athlete specialising in the shot put. She represented her country at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to get a legal mark in the qualification.
She has personal bests of 18.67 metres outdoors (2013) and 17.63 metres indoors (2014).

</doc>
<doc id="36647634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647634" title="Zgornji Pokštajn">
Zgornji Pokštajn

Zgornji Pokštajn (; also "Zgornji Pokštanj", ) is a former village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Podlesje.
History.
Together with Verdreng, Spodnji Pokštajn, and Lapinje, it was merged into the settlement of Podlesje in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="36647640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647640" title="Úrsula Ruiz">
Úrsula Ruiz

Úrsula Ruiz Pérez (born 11 August 1983, Lorca, Región de Murcia) is a Spanish athlete. She competed for Spain in shot put at the 2012 Summer Olympics. finishing 9th in the qualifying heat with a throw of 

</doc>
<doc id="36647649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647649" title="2001 Young Critics Circle Awards">
2001 Young Critics Circle Awards

12th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Minsan May Isang Puso"
The 12th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 2002, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 2001.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Minsan May Isang Puso" (dir. Jose Javier Reyes)"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Sa Huling Paghihintay" (dir. Erik Matti)<br>
"" (dir. Chito S. Roño)
Best Performance.
Jaclyn Jose – "Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Carlo Aquino – "Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
Ricky Davao – "Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
Mark Gil – "Sa Huling Paghihintay"<br>
Rosanna Roces – "La Vida Rosa"
Best Screenplay.
Jose Javier Reyes – "Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Mark Querubin – "Sa Huling Paghihintay"<br>
Roy Iglesias – ""
Best Editing.
Tara Illenberger – "Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Hubog"<br>
"La Vida Rosa"<br>
"Sa Huling Paghihintay"<br>
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Neil Daza (Cinematography), Max Paglinawan and Fernan Santiago (Production Design) – ""<br>
Nominees:<br>
"La Vida Rosa"<br>
"Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
"Sa Huling Paghihintay"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
(tie) Nathan Brenholdt and Kormann Roque (Original Score), Albert Michael Idioma (Sound Design) – ""<br>
Jesse Lucas (Original Score) and Albert Michael Idioma (Sound Design) – "Minsan May Isang Puso"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Hubog"<br>
"Sa Huling Paghihintay"

</doc>
<doc id="36647660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647660" title="Jérôme Bortoluzzi">
Jérôme Bortoluzzi

Jérôme Bortoluzzi (born 20 March 1982 in Amnéville) is a French athlete specialising in the hammer throw. He competed for France at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
His personal best in the event is 78.26 metres from 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36647674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647674" title="Maik Baier">
Maik Baier

Maik Baier is a German racing cyclist who represents Germany in BMX. He has been selected to represent Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647676" title="Luis Brethauer">
Luis Brethauer

Luis Brethauer (born 14 September 1992 in Aschaffenburg) is a German racing cyclist who represents Germany in BMX. He has been selected to represent Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647678" title="Marcel Lomnický">
Marcel Lomnický

Marcel Lomnický (born 6 July 1987 in Nitra) is a Slovakian athlete. He is competing for Slovakia in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647680" title="Quentin Caleyron">
Quentin Caleyron

Quentin Caleyron is a French racing cyclist who represents France in BMX. He has been selected to represent France at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647684" title="Joris Daudet">
Joris Daudet

Joris Daudet is a French racing cyclist who represents France in BMX. He has been selected to represent France at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647688" title="Manuel de Vecchi">
Manuel de Vecchi

Manuel de Vecchi is an Italian racing cyclist who represents Italy in BMX. He has been selected to represent Italy at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647690" title="Ceratinia">
Ceratinia

Ceratinia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Hübner in 1816. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647694" title="Arnaud Dubois">
Arnaud Dubois

Arnaud Dubois is a Belgian racing cyclist who represents Belgium in BMX. He has been selected to represent Belgium at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647697" title="Dzmitry Marshin">
Dzmitry Marshin

Dzmitry Marshin (born 15 September 1972 in Mogilev) is an Azerbaijani athlete from Belarusian descent. He is competing for Azerbaijan in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647709" title="Emilio Falla">
Emilio Falla

Emilio Falla is an Ecuadorian racing cyclist who represents Ecuador in BMX. He has been selected to represent Ecuador at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.
He competed in the Men's Heats but didn't advance to the finals, placing 24th. He missed the 2nd run.

</doc>
<doc id="36647712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647712" title="Connor Fields">
Connor Fields

Connor Fields is an American racing cyclist who represents the United States in BMX. He has been selected to represent the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647713" title="Kaveh Mousavi">
Kaveh Mousavi

Kaveh Mousavi (, born 27 May 1985 in Tabriz) is an Iranian athlete. He competed for Iran in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
His has a personal best of 75.26 metres achieved in Shahrekord in May 2011 which is the current Iranian record.

</doc>
<doc id="36647714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647714" title="David Herman (BMX rider)">
David Herman (BMX rider)

David Herman (born May 9, 1988) is an American racing cyclist who represents the United States in BMX. He represented the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647715" title="Nicholas Long">
Nicholas Long

Nicholas Long is an American racing cyclist who represents the United States in BMX. He has been selected to represent the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647728" title="Andrés Jiménez (BMX rider)">
Andrés Jiménez (BMX rider)

Andrés Jiménez Caicedo (born 1986) is a Colombian racing cyclist who represents Colombia in BMX. He has been selected to represent Colombia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647729" title="Quentin Bigot">
Quentin Bigot

Quentin Bigot (born 1 December 1992) is a French athlete. He is competing for France in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647731" title="Blackwood F.C.">
Blackwood F.C.

Blackwood F.C. is a football club based in Solihull, West Midlands. They are members of the Midland Combination Premier Division.
History.
Blackwood Football Club was formed in 1964 and played Sunday league football until the club joined the Midland Football Combination Division Three in 2009–10. The club won the league in its first season and was promoted to Division Two. The following year, Blackwood again won the league and gained promotion to Division One. In 2011–12, the club secured its third successive title and was promoted to the Premier Division for 2012–13, the club's first season at level 10 of the English football league system.
Ground.
Blackwood play at The Coppice, Tythe Barn Lane, Shirley, Solihull.

</doc>
<doc id="36647732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647732" title="Chayut Triyachart">
Chayut Triyachart

Chayut Triyachart is a Singaporean badminton player.

</doc>
<doc id="36647733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647733" title="Karolina Jarzyńska">
Karolina Jarzyńska

Karolina Jarzyńska (born September 6, 1981 in Olesnica) is a Polish long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 36th with a time of 2:30:57.
She also represented her country at the 2010 European Athletics Championships, but did not finish the marathon distance.
Jarzyńska set a Polish record for the event in 2013 by winning the Lodz Marathon in a time of 2:26:44 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="36647736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647736" title="Brian Kirkham">
Brian Kirkham

Brian Kirkham is an Australian racing cyclist who represents Australia in BMX. He has been selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647744" title="Moana Moo-Caille">
Moana Moo-Caille

Moana Moo Caille is a French racing cyclist who represents France in BMX. He has been selected to represent France at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647750" title="Hyalyris">
Hyalyris

Hyalyris is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1870. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647752" title="Dacadoo">
Dacadoo

dacadoo (formerly QUENTIQ AG) is a Zurich based company that combines mobile technologies, social networking, gamification and big data analytics with the aim of helping users improve their health and well-being.
History and background.
dacadoo is based in Zurich, Switzerland and was founded as QUENTIQ AG in 2010 (and renamed to dacadoo ag in January 2012) with offices in Zurich, Switzerland and San Francisco, USA. The company is privately funded. The dacadoo platform went live in December 2011 with its online health and well-being platform, and its related application to track activity for iOS devices, followed by similar applications for Android devices in May 2012 and BlackBerry devices in June 2012.
The company presupposes its health platform execution on the premise that sedentary lifestyles have increased the proportion of people who are overweight, have diabetes or suffer heart failure in our society thus pressuring further the already stressed healthcare budgets of most developed countries. One such study quoted is the clinical data published in the Lancet which demonstrates that insufficient activity has nearly the same effect on life expectancy as smoking. With these type of studies as their reference dacadoo has been, according to their website and press releases, developing a so-called lifestyle navigation platform that calculates a person's Health Score. The score, a number from 1 to 1000, represents a persons health status from poor to excellent and aims to represent a directional relative indicator of a user's current health and well-being status in real-time.
According to their statement, many of the company's initiatives aim to focus on active prevention and healthier lifestyle to tackle the problems before they become chronic – in this instance referencing a report on global life sciences published by Ernst & Young in 2012 which recognizes that changing behavioral patterns represented the single biggest opportunity to improve an individuals health outcome.
The company's business model is based on the premise that the combination of smartphone technology, social networking, motivation techniques from the gaming industry, and big data analytics, have the power to facilitate lifestyle behavior change in individuals. As a result the company trademarked the dacadoo Health Score Platform based on these principles. The company has since launch issued a disclaimer that the so-called dacadoo Health Score is not a diagnostic tool but a lifestyle product and therefore does not substitute the diagnosis of a medical professional. When tracked over time, the health score will possibly offer a directional relative indicator of how a person's health and well-being is improving or deteriorating.
Nuffield Health, a UK-based non-profit healthcare and fitness operator, introduced its Nuffield Health Score product developed by dacadoo in early 2013., and AOK Nordost, a German health insurance company, offers the dacadoo solution in north eastern Germany since 2013.
According to the company's website, the dacadoo health score is based on three pillars:
Platform and functionality.
The online health & well-being platform can be accessed by web browser on the computer or by a mobile wireless device such as a smartphone or tablet.
The platform uses principles from the gaming industry (so-called “gamification”) and offers additionally a social network enabling users to connect with and 'follow' their friends. The Newsfeed is the centerpiece of the dacadoo social network and a collection of all activities of the user and his/her friends such as fitness activities, challenge participation, earned achievements and rewards, providing the user and his/her friends authorized sharing of this information in their privacy settings. To recognize the active engagement and the progress of dacadoo users, the platform rewards the users with achievements in specific activities to provide a kind of “pat on the back” feedback.
The platform that dacadoo is built on is device and application agnostic and supports third party devices from companies such as Fitbit, Jawbone (company), BodyMedia, Garmin and Polar, as well as mobile applications and devices from others suppliers.
The dacadoo Tracker is a free application for smartphones to enable the users to track their indoor and outdoor fitness activities. It is available for iPhone, Android and BlackBerry and allows GPS tracking of many activities producing maps with the tracks of you and your friends that can be analyzed in detail. Additionally, photographs can be attached to each activity over the smartphone.
Similar products.
Similar products include
Awards and nominations.
2014
In 2014 dacadoo wins Bronze in the category “Innovation" at the Best of Swiss Web Awards 2014 in Zurich.
2013
In Lucerne, Switzerland the dacadoo platform won the Swiss ICT Award 2013 Public Award. In Köln, Germany, dacadoo won the Health Media Award 2013.
2012
The dacadoo tracker app was on the short list of the inaugural Swiss App Awards 2012 in Zurich. Quentiq was nominated in the 2012 Best of Swiss Web Awards. The Quentiq platform won bronze, in the category "Technology" at the "Best of Swiss Web Awards 2012" in Zurich, was selected as the winner by the judges. In Munich at the "Health Media Award 2012″ the Quentiq platform won the first place award in the category "International Communication" and also for the Special category: “International Cooperation”.
Media coverage.
The company has received media coverage in print, online and TV mostly in the German speaking part of Europe (Switzerland, Germany and Austria). Swiss German print media includes Blick, SonntagsBlick magazine, SonntagsZeitung weekly newspaper, and 20 Minuten, und NZZ am Sonntag. Swiss French print media includes newspaper Le Temps. Also covered by Swiss television's. "cash TV" and "10vor10" and "SRF 1". Also covered by the DRS 2 the second Swiss German radio station from Schweizer Radio DRS. In Germany, media coverage includes Die Welt, Internet World Business. and Süddeutsche Zeitung. 
Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ) and German TV ZDFinfo, Also specific start-up news websites such as startupticker.ch, startwerk.ch, ictk.ch, newlyswissed, gruenderszene.de, and netzwoche.
English speaking media coverage include articles in the Journal of mHealth, The Economist, and the Wall Street Journal.
Danish newspapers have also written about the company due to founding entrepreneur Peter Ohnemus's Danish background. These include:
Dagbladet Børsen and Berlingske Tidende.
Portuguese "Brazilian" speaking media coverage includes articles in Saber Viver and Impressão Digital.
Criticism.
To date, there isn’t yet any prospective clinical outcome study on behavioral change that shows objectively, that the dacadoo health score platform is effective as behavioral change and well-being platform.

</doc>
<doc id="36647753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647753" title="Mostafa Al-Gamel">
Mostafa Al-Gamel

Mostafa Al-Gamel (born 1 October 1988 in Giza) is an Egyptian athlete. He competed for Egypt in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He opened his 2014 season with a personal best throw of – a mark which broke the African record holder for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647754" title="Sifiso Nhlapo">
Sifiso Nhlapo

Sifiso Nhlapo is a South African racing cyclist who represents South Africa in BMX. He has been selected to represent South Africa at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647756" title="Tory Nyhaug">
Tory Nyhaug

Tory Nyhaug is a Canadian racing cyclist who represents Canada in BMX. He represented Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647760" title="Carlos Oquendo">
Carlos Oquendo

Carlos Oquendo Zabala (born 1987) is a Colombian racing cyclist (BMX style). Carlos was selected to represent Colombia at the London 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX category, and won the bronze medal in that competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36647762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647762" title="Ernesto Pizarro">
Ernesto Pizarro

Ernesto Pizarro is an Argentine racing cyclist who represents Argentina in BMX. He has been selected to represent Argentina at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647763" title="Serghei Marghiev">
Serghei Marghiev

Serghei Marghiev (born 6 November 1992) is a Moldovan athlete. He is competing for Moldova in hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647764" title="Renato Rezende">
Renato Rezende

Renato Rezende is a Brazilian racing cyclist who represents Brazil in BMX. He has been selected to represent Brazil at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647767" title="Roger Rinderknecht">
Roger Rinderknecht

Roger Rinderknecht (born 4 May 1981) is a Swiss racing cyclist who represents Switzerland in BMX and mountain bike racing. He was selected to represent Switzerland at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event where he reached the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36647769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647769" title="Morten Therkildsen">
Morten Therkildsen

Morten Therkildsen is a Danish racing cyclist who represents Denmark in BMX. He has been selected to represent Denmark at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647772" title="Twan van Gendt">
Twan van Gendt

Twan van Gendt (born 9 June 1992, 's-Hertogenbosch) is a Dutch racing cyclist who represents the Netherlands in BMX. He has been selected to represent the Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.
He placed 5th in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36647773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647773" title="Jelle van Gorkom">
Jelle van Gorkom

Jelle van Gorkom (born 5 January 1991 in Doetinchem) is a Dutch racing cyclist who represents the Netherlands in BMX. He has been selected to represent the Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647785" title="Marc Willers">
Marc Willers

Marc Willers is a New Zealand racing cyclist who represents New Zealand in BMX. He has been selected to represent New Zealand at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's BMX event.

</doc>
<doc id="36647787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647787" title="Hyposcada">
Hyposcada

Hyposcada is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Godman and Salvin in 1879. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647796" title="Zecca of Venice">
Zecca of Venice

The Palazzo della Zecca is a 16th-century building in Venice which once housed the official government mint, or offices responsible for coining money. This building, rustic and robust in its external surface, stands in stark contrast to the ornately decorated Biblioteca Marciana next door. Both buildings were designed by Jacopo Sansovino. Today, the Zecca now serves as the host of the contents of the library of the Biblioteca Marciana.
The prior zecca had stood in the Rialto district since 1277 and moved here closer to the offices of the Republic located around the Piazza San Marco. This Zecca building was erected from 1537-1545, and built from solid blocks of Istrian marble. Since the mint formerly had ovens with high temperature and posed a risk of fire, little wood was used in construction. The entry archway with two Telamons was designed by Sansovino’s pupil, Vincenzo Scamozzi. The statues were carved by Girolamo Campagna and Tiziano Aspetti. The courtyard has a statue of Apollo by Danese Cattaneo.
Venetian Coinage.
The minting of ducats and coins ceased in 1870, when Venice joined the Kingdom of Italy. During the era of the Republic of Venice various coins were minted here, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="36647837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647837" title="Prakash Bare">
Prakash Bare

Prakash Bare is an actor and producer in the Indian film industry. He made his acting debut in the 2010 Malayalam film Sufi Paranja Katha and has worked in several critically acclaimed Malayalam films since then. 
Prakash completed his postgraduate education in Microelectronics from IIT Kanpur, and spent 15 years in Silicon Valley, California where he worked as an entrepreneur in the IT and software industry. He completed a four-week course in film appreciation at FTII, Pune, and took to the stage and screen in 2010. In 2011 he became the general manager of a software company based in Bangalore named Agrata Technologies. As an engineer and entrepreneur by profession, Prakash has held various technology and business positions in electronics design industry in India and Silicon Valley. He is currently involved with multiple technology start-ups in India. 
Prakash Bare has acted in around 15 Malayalam and Kannada films over the last 4 years
has a successful production house called Silicon Media, which aims to create quality media content of social relevance targeting audience around the world. 
Silicon Media produced the Malayalam adaptation of the Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot" called "Godoye Kaathu" in 2010, where he performed the lead role of Vladimir. The play was directed by Nandajan K.A., a theatre veteran from Kerala who has directed more than 50 plays in the last two decades, and was staged successfully at many venues throughout Kerala and Karnataka. The production house also staged 4Play in 2012, based on the works of Anton Chekhov and Jayaprakash Kulur.
Prakash has produced and acted in critically acclaimed Malayalam films such as Sufi Paranja Katha, Ivan Megharoopan, and the controversial Papilio Buddha, which depicts the marginalization of Dalit communities, and received positive feedback from the industry and international film festivals. 
Currently, he is filming Oraalppokkam, produced by Kazhcha Chalachithra Vedi with Meena Kandasamy in Kedarnath and Uttarakhand areas. This is the first Malayalam movie to be produced through an online crowdfunding program, and is written and directed by Sanalkumar Sasidharan.

</doc>
<doc id="36647838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647838" title="Tommy Lindholm">
Tommy Lindholm

Tommy Lindholm (born 3 February 1947, Parainen) is a Finnish former footballer. He was the head coach of the Finland national football team from 1993 to 1994. He also coached TPS (1978, 1986–1988, 1991) and HJK (1996).
He earned 43 caps at international level between 1965 and 1974, scoring 11 goals.
At club level Lindholm played for PIF, TuTo, TPS, HIFK, Reipas, Beşiktaş and TuPa.

</doc>
<doc id="36647847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647847" title="Schalkse Ruiters">
Schalkse Ruiters

Schalkse Ruiters, translated as "Roguish Horsemen", was a very successful show aired on the Flemish TV channel Eén. The motto of the show is: do not believe what you see on TV. During the show, three documentaries are presented. The viewers vote whether the documentaries are real or fake. Anno 2012 the show still got the Belgian record of most viewers, dating from an episode sent out in 1997. The show won almost every Belgian television award. 
The show is presented by Bart De Pauw and Tom Lenaerts who got a lawsuit after episode 2. They dressed up as airpilots, wearing fake uniforms and forged badges, and were able to pass all security controls of the Belgian airport Zaventem. They even sat in the cockpit of a Boeing and were able to sneak out of the airport without being caught. The security of Zaventem was even discussed in a ministerial meeting. During episode 3, the show was about to stop by national security as both presenters claimed to have entered Hertoginnedal and followed a top secret governmental meeting. This documentary was fake and it later turned out the action of the national security was also a set up.
Besides the three documentaries, the show also contain candid camera. At the end of the show, the viewers are asked to do a task. One of the tasks was to be a paparazzi and to make photos of Belgian celebrities. After one day, the management of the VRT decided to cancel the task as it was losing ground.

</doc>
<doc id="36647849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647849" title="2002 Young Critics Circle Awards">
2002 Young Critics Circle Awards

13th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Dekada '70"
The 13th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented in 2003, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 2002.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Dekada '70" (dir. Chito Roño)"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Buko Pandan" (dir. Uro de la Cruz)<br>
"Diskarte" (dir. Edgardo Boy Vinarao)<br>
"Itlog" (dir. Francis Jun Posadas)<br>
"Mga Munting Tinig" (dir. Gil Portes)
Best Performance.
(tie) Vilma Santos – "Dekada '70"<br>
Piolo Pascual – "Dekada '70"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Celso Ad. Castillo – "Itlog"<br>
Regine Velasquez – "Ikaw Lamang Hanggang Ngayon"
Best Screenplay.
Lualhati Bautista – "Dekada '70"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Humilde Roxas and Senen Dimaguila – "Diskarte"<br>
Jerry Gracio – "Itlog"<br>
Adolfo Alix, Jr., Gil Portes, and Senedy Que – "Mga Munting Tinig"
Best Editing.
Francis Vinarao – "Diskarte"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Dekada '70"<br>
"Mga Munting Tinig"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Yam Laranas (Cinematography), Sammy Aranzamendez (Production Design) – "Ikaw Lamang Hanggang Ngayon"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Buko Pandan"<br>
"Dekada '70"<br>
"Diskarte"<br>
"Itlog"<br>
"Mga Munting Tinig"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Nathan Brenholdt and Kormann Roque (Original Score), Albert Michael Idioma (Sound Design) – "Dekada '70"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Buko Pandan"<br>
"Diskarte"

</doc>
<doc id="36647856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647856" title="Patent war">
Patent war

A patent war is a "battle" between corporations or individuals to secure patents for litigation, whether offensively or defensively. There are ongoing patent wars between the world's largest technology and software corporations. Contemporary patent wars are a global phenomenon, fought by multinational corporations based in the United States, China, Europe, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. The companies involved include Yahoo, Barnes & Noble, ZTE, AOL, Ericsson, Apple Inc., EMC, Foxconn, HTC, Facebook, InterDigital, IBM, Microsoft, LG Corp, Kodak, Halliburton, Nokia, Motorola, Nortel, Oracle, Samsung, Pantech, Gemalto, Openwave, VIA Technologies and Research In Motion. Patent wars have occurred in a wide range of technologies, both in the past and in the present.
History.
Patent wars are not a new phenomenon. In the Wright brothers patent war, the Wright brothers, attributed with the invention of the airplane, sought to prevent competitors from manufacturing airplanes through litigation, stifling the development of the American airline industry. Alexander Graham Bell, credited with inventing the telephone, was dragged into a patent war against his rivals, which involved, in just 11 years, 600 lawsuits. One notable case was Bell's lawsuit against Western Union. Western Union was backed by Elisha Gray, also credited with inventing the telephone.
The occurrence of patent wars has been shaped by the digital age, as the rapid pace of innovation makes much of the patent system obsolete. In the 1980s, technology corporations in the United States and Japan engaged in a patent war, creating a scenario where companies were forced to "fight patent with patent." This bilateral patent war, partly exaggerated by the media, subsided by the mid 1990s.
Exacerbating the frequency of patent wars was the advent of patent trolling. The term "patent troll" was coined in the 1990s by the employees of Intel and popularized by Intel's Peter Detkin. According to Detkin, Intel was "sued for libel for the use of the term 'patent extortionists' so I came up with 'patent trolls...a patent troll is somebody who tries to make a lot of money off a patent that they are not practicing and have no intention of practicing and in most cases never practiced."
During the 1990s, federal courts began reversing earlier decisions made by the patent office that restricted the patenting of software. In 1997, software companies Trend Micro, Integralis, McAffee and Symantec fought a patent war over antivirus software. In 1999, a patent for "one-click ordering technology" led to a patent war between Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble. In 2004, Sony and Kodak engaged in a patent war over digital cameras, a dispute which lasted until 2007. 
The current smartphone wars started in the late 2000s. According to "PC Magazine", Apple brought the patent wars to the smartphone market by its desire to "go thermonuclear" on Google's competing Android operating system for mobile devices. This triggered a "war" between major technology companies in the mobile market. Apple has been accused of having links to the company Digitude Innovations, which has been labeled as a patent troll. Following this warfare, Apple itself has also been called a patent-troll.
Effects and response.
Patents are intended to protect intellectual property and encourage innovation, granting innovative companies a temporary competitive advantage over their rivals; however, patents have been used offensively through threats of litigation. This forces companies to allocate time and money that could have been better spent on research and development. "Businessweek" has written that "only lawyers win in patent wars." 
There are numerous proposals aimed at reducing the risk of patent wars. Twitter announced in 2012 an "Innovator's Patent Agreement" promising not to use its patents opportunistically and without the consent of the company's employees. There have been commentators favoring abolishing patents entirely, outside of the industries that require them.

</doc>
<doc id="36647866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647866" title="Banks (album)">
Banks (album)

Banks is the second solo studio album by Paul Banks, the lead singer of the band Interpol. It was released on October 22, 2012. The first single is the opening track, "The Base".
Recording.
"Banks" was recorded in New York and Connecticut with producer Peter Katis.
Reception.
"Banks" has received mostly positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 65, based on 23 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".
Track listing.
The track listing was announced by NME, on August 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36647881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647881" title="Scada">
Scada

Scada is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Kirby in 1871. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647886" title="Leung Chu Yan">
Leung Chu Yan

Leung Chu Yan (; born 1979) is a table tennis player from Hong Kong. He competed at the 2000, 2004 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36647890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647890" title="Alfa Romeo 110A">
Alfa Romeo 110A

Alfa Romeo 110A is model of autobus produced from Alfa Romeo between 1934 and 1950.<br>
The bus is produced for the needs of the public transport in Milan, Italy.
Bodies.
12 examples from Tallero<br>
8 examples from Macchi<br>
12 examples from Verasina<br>
The bus had a higher version from Carponi from this version only 2 copies were made.
Technical characteristic.
The bus is uses engine with 140 hp and had 3 wheelbases. The length of the bus is and the volume is 12,517 cc. The engine consume fuel from gas and metan. The bus had 2 doors and had 28 seats.
Transport.
Used in Milan from ATM.<br>
Naples

</doc>
<doc id="36647910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647910" title="David Dunne">
David Dunne

David Dunne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36647917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647917" title="Suriname (district)">
Suriname (district)

The district Suriname is a former district of the country Suriname. The capital of this district was Paramaribo, though this city was located in the district Paramaribo.
District Suriname was created in 1927 by merging the districts:
In 1958 the district Brokopondo was split from district Suriname, and about ten years later the same thing happened with district Para.
In the middle of the 80s the district system of Suriname was reorganized and district Suriname ceased to exist. That what remained of district Suriname was divided in Commewijne, Para, Saramacca and the new district Wanica.

</doc>
<doc id="36647918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647918" title="Napeogenes">
Napeogenes

Napeogenes is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Bates in 1862. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family, Nymphalidae.
Species.
Arranged alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36647925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647925" title="All-time All-Africa Games medal table">
All-time All-Africa Games medal table

The table below gives an overview of the all-time medal count of the All-Africa Games (updated after the 2011 All-Africa Games).

</doc>
<doc id="36647928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647928" title="Baltimore municipal strike of 1974">
Baltimore municipal strike of 1974

The 1974 Baltimore municipal strike was a strike action undertaken by different groups of municipal workers. It was initiated by waste collectors seeking higher wages and better conditions. They were joined by sewer workers, zookeepers, prison guards, highway workers, recreation & parks workers, animal control workers, abandoned vehicles workers, and eventually by police officers. Trash piled up during the strike, and, especially with diminished police enforcement, many trash piles were set on fire. City jails were also a major site for unrest.
The Baltimore strike was prominent within a wave of public sector strikes across the United States. All of the striking workers were members of American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), a relatively radical and expanding national union. AFSCME President Jerry Wurf attained national notoriety for allegedly urging workers to "let Baltimore burn" if their demands were not met.
Background.
In the 1960s, a combination of civil rights struggles, white flight, and the loss of manufacturing jobs led Baltimore's African American population to gain an increasing share of the city's public sector jobs. However, many of these jobs did not pay a living wage, and the workers were not allowed to unionize until after the turbulent events of spring 1968 (see Memphis Sanitation Strike and Baltimore riot of 1968).
The city itself, losing many tax-paying residents to the suburbs, was already suffering from budget shortfalls and beginning to shift toward privatization of services. The 1971 election of Mayor William Donald Schaefer consolidated this trend and signaled the erosion of what small gains in black control had already been won.
The 1960s and early 1970s saw radicalization among public sector workers across the United States. In many cities, following a pattern similar to Baltimore's, these workers became politicized and began to demand collective bargaining rights. Many joined AFSCME, under the new leadership of Jerome Wurf.
Blue-collar city employees were paid about $3.00 an hour, with the prospect of a 20 cent raise in the 1975 budget. Workers also complained about a strict policy on absences, according to which a worker could be fired after missing eight days. 1974 had already seen a strike from sanitation workers in nearby Baltimore County. And a February teachers' strike had made striking seem like a real possibility. Tension rose when the city offered a new contract in June 1974.
A snowballing strike.
On Sunday, June 30, 700 workers voted to accept the city's planned raise at a union meeting. On Monday, July 1, 1974, about 1000 sanitation workers, unsatisfied with the contract, walked off their jobs. The strikers demanded raises of 50 cents instead of 20 cents (from $3.00 an hour to $3.50 an hour), and a new policy on absences. They were soon joined by some sewer workers and by 200 highway workers. On July 3, highway workers voted unanimously to join the strike, bringing their contribution to 600 and the total number of striking workers to nearly 2,500.
On July 9 the strikers were joined by 350 guards from the Baltimore City Jail, who walked off their jobs at 7AM, leaving control to 25 high-ranking officers. At this point the strikers numbered 3,000.
Strike activities.
Striking workers set up picket lines at city dumps and sewer yards. As more workers joined the strike picket lines were established at other workplaces, including the city jail and the zoo. Not all work during the strike was completely stopped. Striking zookeepers continued to feed their animals, even as they refused to clean up the resulting fecal matter. Slogans included "No cash, no trash". Strikers held signs reading "I Am Somebody" and "I Am a Man," reminiscent of the 1968 Memphis Sanitation Strike. At the War Memorial Plaza demonstration, the crowd chanted "They say landfill, we say no: City Hall's where garbage goes."
Police strike.
Baltimore police also disputed the new contract, and, encouraged by the other striking workers, they began 'job actions' on July 7. These included the writing of detailed reports of miscellaneous objects on the street, as well as an unusually high number of traffic stops.
On July 11, Police Local 1195 (also affiliated with AFSCME) voted to strike, and most officers on the night shift walked off. The walkout added urgency to the strike and the magnified national attention directed towards it.
Prison disturbances.
After the prison guards went on strike, inmates were left with little supervision. They were confined to their cells for long stretches of time and all criminal trials were postponed. A council of 16 inmates argued that their right to due process was being violated. They accused the striking guards of wishing to provoke mayhem (to demonstrate the chaos that would occur in their absence). Finally, the council asked for certain supervisors to be kept away from prisoners, and demanded self-governance for inmates.
On July 13, three or four replacement supervisors were taken hostage in a roomful of juvenile inmates demanding their freedom. Nonstriking policeman intervened with dogs and nightsticks, apparently rejecting an offer of assistance from the striking guards. Police said that adult inmates helped end the uprising. Two guards and two inmates were injured. (When the guards ended their strike, they were met with another prison uprising, which was suppressed with tear gas and riot gear.)
Other incidents.
Nine sanitation workers were arrested and charged with disorderly conduct on July 7 when they stood in the way of a bulldozer sent to move trash.
On July 10, 60 supporters of the strike held a demonstration in War Memorial Plaza outside of city hall. After several people had spoken to the group, demonstrators began to disperse trash from bags they had brought. They soon met with twelve club-wielding police officers. Eleven demonstrators and Baltimore Sun photographer Irving H. Phillips, Jr., were arrested on littering charges.
Sixteen jail guards and a union organizer were arrested (also on July 10) for preventing supervisors from entering the jail.
There were increased reports of fires during the strike, especially during the last few days when the police were also on strike. Before the police strike, reports of trash fires were somewhat localized to Cherry Hill. Arson was the major reported crime throughout, with a wave of looting directly after the police walkout. These troops were outfitted with riot weapons but wore soft hats instead of helmets.
Government response.
Mayor Schaefer.
Mayor Schaefer immediately threatened to fire all of the striking workers and hire new others, saying "there's just no more money. No way." He promised to break the strike quickly and announced the opening of dumps to the public.
After about a week, Schaefer mobilized 350 of the city's white-collar workers as strikebreakers to pick up trash. These workers ("Schaefer's Raiders" ) were paid time-and-half for overtime, based on their typically higher salaries. They used small dumping areas that were changed daily so as to avoid the strikers.
Circuit Court.
Judicial proceedings surrounding the strike took place mostly in the Mitchell Courthouse downtown. The Court dealt with three AFSCME leaders: Ray Clarke, president of Local 44; Ernest Crofoot, director of the regional Council 67; and P.J. Ciampa, a field director from the (inter)national union who had organized (and been maced) during the 1968 Memphis Sanitation Strike.
On the night of Tuesday, July 2, Circuit Judge James W. Murphy declared the strike illegal and issued an injunction against the garbage collectors. On Saturday July 6, Murphy fined Local 44 $15,000 for every day the strike continued after Monday July 8. On Tuesday the 9th he issued another injunction against other departments newly on strike.
On July 10, Judge Murphy announced that he was prepared to enforce the $15,000 immediately and each following afternoon. Murphy was then informed that Local 44 had only $6000, which he then confiscated.
On Friday, July 12, Murphy froze the union's assets (around $5000) and threatened to increase the fines against the union and its leaders unless the workers returned to their jobs. He also threatened to jail the three union leaders if the strike did not end, giving Monday, July 15 as the deadline.
Union involvement.
The municipal strike started out as a wildcat action, in protest of a contract that the union had just accepted. However, unions soon claimed credit and responsibility, and it was ultimately union negotiators who ended the strike.
AFSCME.
AFSCME Local 44 initially asked the strikers to return to work. By the morning of Tuesday, July 2, AFSCME leadership on all levels had endorsed the strike.
Many workers were upset that the union had backed the city's contract, and hung an effigy of Local 44's president, Raymond H. Clark.
On July 5, President Wurf, Secretary-Treasurer Bill Lucy, and two other officials from the union were arrested for blocking cars from entering landfills.
Clark and union area director Ernest Crofoot both subsequently suggested to the city and to the media that the strike might turn violent, and that the union would be unable to control this violence.
Police involvement increased the stakes for AFSCME, which had the potential to unionize police locals around the country.
AFL–CIO.
AFSCME is part of the AFL–CIO, which has its own regional representatives in Baltimore. The regional AFL–CIO established a welfare fund to help striking workers who missed paychecks.
CMEA.
The Classified Municipal Employees Association (CMEA), a union for white-collar city workers in Baltimore, did not back the strike; indeed, its members had been paid overtime to act as strikebreakers. CMEA leadership downplayed their union's responsibility, stating that individuals had made their own decisions to pick up trash during the strike.
Resolution.
Negotiations were fruitless for most of the strike. The police walkout quickly spurred long negotiations, with both locals, at the Lord Baltimore Hotel. These negotiations were tightly controlled by AFSCME leadership from outside Baltimore. According to "Baltimore Sun" reporter Tom Horton, they were also confusing, frustrating, and substantially fueled by alcohol.
By July 14, negotiators had apparently come slightly closer, with the city offering 25 cents instead of 20 and the union asking for 40 cents instead of 50. Some expressed fears that the police union would capitulate too quickly to the city's demands. In fact, Local 44 came to an agreement first, on July 15. The total negotiating time had been 43 hours. The city agreed to an incremental raise of 70 cents per hour over the next two years, starting with an immediate raise of 25 cents per hour. The city also agreed to negotiate a new system for reckoning absences. According to these terms, annual salary for a starting full-time waste collector would be about $7,800. The city also promised full medical coverage and no reprisals for the strikers. Some of the strikers returned to work late on that day.
None of the union leaders were jailed. The charges against Wurf and Lucy were dropped in November.
Aftermath.
Judge Murphy fined the union $90,000, to be paid out of workers' checks (a cost of approximately $9 per worker). Mayor Schaefer promised that "taxpayers are not going to pay for one red cent for this year's settlement," suggesting that 300 public sector workers would be laid off to accommodate the raise.
60–70 prison guards walked off their jobs on July 18 in reaction to the suspension of 23 guards for striking. The suspension decision was reversed that night.
Members of the CMEA rejected a merger with AFSCME in August, expressing dissatisfaction with the strike.
Governor Marvin Mandel, in the midst of a campaign for re-election, took some flak from labor leaders for his role in the strike (backing Schaefer and Pomerleau).
The Baltimore police force was understaffed for at least the rest of the year and reported substantial increases in crime.
AFSCME was the major negotiator for municipal workers when their contracts were renegotiated in 1976. It negotiated a 4% raise for municipal workers; the city also agreed to impose mandatory fees for non-union workers who benefited from the negotiations. This bargain was not popular with the workers themselves, many of whom shouted and screamed at president Ray Clarke after his announcement.

</doc>
<doc id="36647942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647942" title="Goldberg Commission">
Goldberg Commission

The Goldberg Commission, chaired by Eliezer Goldberg, was set up by the Israeli government in late 2007 to end the long-running land disputes between the state and Bedouin living in the Negev.
The Commission issued its report on 20 November 2011. It recommended that most of the 46 unrecognized villages east of Route 40 should be recognized on condition that they did not interfere with Israel's development plans in the area. It also recommended that most of the 50,000 illegally built structures in these villages should be legalized and that a committee be set up to hear and settle Bedouin claims relating to traditional land ownership.
The Commissions report was regarded as progressive by advocates for Bedouin rights in Israel.
In 2011 a second commission, the Prawer Commission, reported on how the Goldberg proposals could be implemented. The Prawer plan involves the transfer of 30,000 villagers to government townships.

</doc>
<doc id="36647979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647979" title="Deepest Shame">
Deepest Shame

"Deepest Shame" is a hip-hop song composed and performed by British rapper Plan B. The track was released in the United Kingdom on September 9, 2012 as the third official single from the "ill Manors" soundtrack, a film which Plan B also directed. The track was originally composed as a freestyle rap, entitled "Michelle", and later reworked into a soul number for inclusion in "Ill Manors".
Composition.
"Deepest Shame" was first composed as a freestyle rap entitled "Michelle". The track was first used in Ben Drew's 2008 short film "Michelle", and this version features beatboxer Faith SFX. The version of "Michelle" that was used in "ill Manors" has some elements similar to "Deepest Shame"; however, for the album release, the song was re-written as more of a soul number, although "Michelle" is included on the deluxe edition bonus disc. "Michelle" was originally a freestyle rap, featuring an extended rap verse and no "Deepest Shame" chorus. However, in the final version, the extension of the verse was taken out, replaced by a new first verse which is sung, rather than rapped, and some lyrics of the original rap were modified for radio use.
Release.
The song was premiered on "Later... with Jools Holland" on May 11, 2012. The Andy C remix of the track, which serves as the official single remix, was uploaded to UKF Drum & Bass on September 2, 2012. The Cinematic remix received its worldwide premiere on MistaJam's BBC Radio 1Xtra show on the same day. An iTunes Store pre-order link confirmed the final track listing of the digital single, and in a similar format to the "ill Manors" EP, contains three remixes, an a cappella version and an instrumental. The EP was originally scheduled to be released on September 2, 2012, but its release was delayed by a week, pushing the release date back to September 9, 2012. The New Machine remix, featuring a combination of Ed Sheeran's chorus, the original album version, alongside new rap verses from Chip and Devlin, premiered on YouTube on September 8, 2012.
Music video.
The music video for "Deepest Shame" was directed by Paul Caslin, and premiered on YouTube on August 6, 2012. The video shows footage of Drew performing the song in a dimly lit room in a derilict warehouse, intertwined with clips from "ill Manors", featuring the character Michelle, played by Anouska Mond. Newly filmed footage of Mond as Michelle, nude, within the basement of the building, with writing on her body, is also featured in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="36647980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647980" title="Mark B. Perry">
Mark B. Perry

Mark B. Perry is an American television producer and writer.
He has written and produced for the television series "The Wonder Years", "Law & Order", "One Tree Hill", "Brothers & Sisters", "Pasadena", "What About Brian", "Windfall", "Party of Five", its spin-off "Time of Your Time" and "Ghost Whisperer", the latter three series all starred Jennifer Love Hewitt. Perry won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1993 for his on "Picket Fences", as a part of the producing and writing team.
He is currently a writer and co-executive producer on the ABC series "Revenge".

</doc>
<doc id="36647982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647982" title="Serpent Sermon">
Serpent Sermon

Serpent Sermon is the 12th studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was released in North America on June 5 2012 through Century Media Records on CD, vinyl and digital download. It reached number 44 on the Top New Artist Albums (Heatseekers) chart, selling roughly 800 copies in its first week. Limited edition versions of the album include the bonus track "Coram Satanae", and a limited edition 7" vinyl EP of "Souls For Belial" was also released, featuring a cover of Wovenhand's "Oil On Panel". A music video of "Souls For Belial" was also released on May 9, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36647984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647984" title="Daniel Morales">
Daniel Morales

Daniel Morales may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36647987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647987" title="Jessica Draskau-Petersson">
Jessica Draskau-Petersson

Jessica M. Draskau-Petersson (born September 8, 1977 in Gentofte) is a Danish long-distance runner. She competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, placing 40th with a personal best time of 2:31:43. She was educated at the University of East Anglia (LLB), the University of Idaho and the University of Waikato.

</doc>
<doc id="36647993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647993" title="Eleftherios Veryvakis">
Eleftherios Veryvakis

Eleftherios Veryvakis () (January 21, 1935 – 6 August 2012) was a Greek politician and ex-member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).
In June 1967, during the military junta he was arrested and tortured for three months.
He was member of PASOK since its establishment in 1974 and he was elected to the Greek parliament for the first time in 1977. He got reelected in all elections till 2000. In 2003 he replaced Evangelos Giannopoulos after the latter's death.
He died on August 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36647994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647994" title="2003 Young Critics Circle Awards">
2003 Young Critics Circle Awards

14th YCC Awards<br>
Best Film: <br>
"Babae sa Breakwater"
The 14th Young Critics Circle Awards, presented on March 9, 2004 at the University of the Philippines, honored the best of Philippine cinema of 2003.
Winners.
Best Picture.
"Babae sa Breakwater" (dir. Mario O'Hara)"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Anghel sa Lupa" (dir. Jose Javier Reyes)<br>
"Homecoming" (dir. Gil Portes)<br>
"Malikmata" (dir. Jose Javier Reyes)
Best Performance.
Katherine Luna – "Babae sa Breakwater"<br>
Nominees:<br>
Entire Cast – "Malikmata"<br>
Elizabeth Oropesa – "Homecoming"<br>
Maricel Soriano – "Filipinas"
Best Screenplay.
Mario O'Hara – "Babae sa Breakwater"<br>
Nominee:<br>
Jose Javier Reyes – "Anghel sa Lupa"
Best Editing.
Vito Cajili – "Malikmata"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Anghel sa Lupa"<br>
"Babae sa Breakwater"
Best Achievement in Cinematography and Visual Design.
Rey de Leon (Cinematography), Melody Teodoro (Production Design) – "Babae sa Breakwater"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Anghel sa Lupa"<br>
"Malikmata"
Best Achievement in Sound and Aural Design.
Jesse Lucas (Original Score), Ross Diaz (Sound Design) – "Anghel sa Lupa"<br>
Nominees:<br>
"Babae sa Breakwater"<br>
"Malikmata"

</doc>
<doc id="36647999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36647999" title="Lagenida">
Lagenida

Lagenida is an order of benthic foraminiferal protists in which the tests (shells) are monolamellar, with walls composed of optically and ultra-structurally radiate calcite, with the crystallographic c-axes perpendicular to the surface. Lagenids first appear in the Upper Silurian and continue to the Recent. They are currently divided into two superfamilies, the older Robuloidacea which range from the Upper Silurian to the Lower Cretaceous (Albian) and the younger Nodosariacea, ranging from the Permian to Recent.
Taxonomic history.
Lagenida (suborder Lagenina in Loeblich and Tappan 1988) is an emendation of the rotaliid superfamily Nodosariacea, removing it from the Rotaliina in the "Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology" (Loeblich and Tappan, 1964) and combining it with the Robuloidacea, named by Reiss, 1963, to form a new order Lagenida. 
Robuloidacea includes families previously included in the Fusulinida and found in either of the supefamilies Parathuramminacea and Endothyracea. Provided that robuloidaceans did actually give rise to nodoceriacea in the Triassic, the ultimate ancestry of Lagenida can be found within Fusulinida, but not the better known Fusulinacea.
Test morphology.
Shells (tests) of Lagenida are generally serial in form, with chambers in a line. They may be unilocular with chambers singularly one after the other, or in sets of twos or threes, (bilicular or trilocular). Some trochoidally coiled forms are known. Some have later chambers that are flared out like a fan, others are shaped like leaves. 
Lagenida differ from Rotaliida in the manner in which new septa are formed. In both, when a new chamber is formed a new layer of material is added to the outer surface of the entire shell. In the Lagenida, that layer is used to form only the last, or new, septum. All septa remain monolamellar. In the Rotaliida the outer layer not only forms the final septum, but also coats the front of the previous septum, so that only the final septum in monolamellar.

</doc>
<doc id="36648035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648035" title="Pedro Pedrosa Mendes">
Pedro Pedrosa Mendes

Pedro Pedrosa Mendes is a Professor of Computational Systems Biology in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester. He is a member of the Manchester Centre for Integrative Systems Biology (MCISB), the Machine Learning and Optimization (MLO) group and the University of Connecticut Health Center.
Education.
Mendes did his undergraduate degree in Biochemistry at the University of Lisbon. He then moved to the UK and was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy from Aberystwyth University in 1994 for work on computer simulation of metabolic pathways.
Career.
Following his PhD, Mendes moved to the National Center for Genome Resources for a year then on to the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute (VBI) of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech or VT) in 2000. He moved to the University of Manchester as Professor in 2007, while still keeping a 20% appointment in the VBI until the end of 2013.
Research.
Mendes research is concerned with computational systems biology, which aims to better understand biological systems through the use of computer models. He is the author of the biochemical simulator GEPASI (General Pathway Simulator) and leader of the new COPASI (COmplex PAthway SImulator) simulator. He has also been actively involved in the development of the Systems Biology Markup Language (SBML), and MIRIAM (Minimum Information Required in the Annotation of Models). His research group work on problems in the following areas:
Construction of biochemical models Mendes is currently working on models of the yeast pentose phosphate pathway, oxidative stress response in yeast and breast cancer cells.
Parameter estimation Mendes has applied numerical global optimization in biochemical kinetic modelling and parameter estimation. He is interested in using formal systems identification techniques in systems biology, particularly for reverse engineering models from data.
Reverse engineering biological networks Mendes has been involved in systems biology through the construction of metabolic models directly from large-scale genomics, proteomics and metabolomics data sets. Mendes group has created artificial networks to benchmark these problems. for example the Artificial Gene Network system.
Data integration and Data fusion systems biology and metabolic engineering produces large amounts of data that originated in a diversity of techniques. The Mendes group works on integrating biochemical data and also works on data fusion, numerical issues of data integration.
Biological data mining using machine learning to analyse the large amounts of data produced in systems biology experiments, such as looking for common or unusual patterns in those data, or to classify (and identify the determinants) of predefined behaviours.
Mendes research has been funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (UK), National Science Foundation (USA), National Institutes of Health (USA) and the European Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36648037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648037" title="Earlyshares">
Earlyshares

EarlyShares is a platform for fundraising and investing. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida,
EarlyShares primarily hosts investment offerings for companies selling their securities to accredited investors. The company also hosts some rewards-based crowdfunding campaigns. 
Investors use EarlyShares to invest in companies hosting investment offerings. 
Model.
EarlyShares offers companies tools and services to sell their securities to investors through Regulation D Rule 506(c) General Solicitation, a new capital raising option established under Title II of the JOBS Act. Companies (Issuers) can select one of three product options from EarlyShares:
Postings: Issuers pay fees (fixed and monthly) to use the EarlyShares platform and services.
EarlyFunds: EarlyShares manages a single purpose LLC that makes the investment into the Issuers’ security on behalf of investors.
Broker-Dealer: Select issuers can be represented by EarlyShares partner National Securities as placement agent.
EarlyShares also hosts a limited number of Rewards-Based Crowdfunding Campaigns.
History.
EarlyShares was founded in 2011 by Stephen Temes, Maurice Lopes, Heather Schwarz-Lopes, and Renee Caputi. 
EarlyShares was founded in anticipation of the passage of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. The JOBS Act, passed in April 2012, created framework for new regulatory exemptions allowing companies to advertise their investment opportunities to accredited investors through “general solicitation” and to sell their securities to members of the general public through “equity crowdfunding.”
EarlyShares launched in April 2012 as a platform for rewards-based crowdfunding campaigns. After the SEC implemented rules for general solicitation in September 2013, EarlyShares began hosting equity investment offerings for accredited investors.
Joanna Schwartz joined EarlyShares as CEO in May 2013. 
Milestones.
In 2012, EarlyShares produced “a nationwide road tour, offering free workshops about exactly what crowdfunding is, how to do it and the ramifications of it”. This event visited major cities including Seattle, New York, Washington, Miami, Chicago, Boston, and San Francisco.
In September 2012, EarlyShares acquired HelpersUnite, a donation based crowdfunding portal dedicated to cause related projects, for an undisclosed sum. 
That month EarlyShares became the "key sponsor" of the Small Business Challenge, a competition for businesses with fewer than 100 employees and entrepreneurs with startup ideas that are seeking to raise capital through crowdfunding. The competition is designed to "reward companies that show the most potential for job creation".
In November 2013, EarlyShares launched its first equity offering for BoatSetter. 
In February 2014, EarlyShares partnered with Crowdnetic to expand the distribution network for their investment offerings. EarlyShares offerings in ‘private issuers publicly raising’ are viewable on MarketWatch.com. 
Awards and Recognitions.
EarlyShares has received the Crowdfunding Accreditation for Platform Standards (CAPS) from crowdsourcing.org 
In August 2012, Worth Magazine named EarlyShares one of its Top 10 Crowdfunding Sites.

</doc>
<doc id="36648061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648061" title="Tonkinomys">
Tonkinomys

Tonkinomys is a genus of Muridae rodent native to northeastern Vietnam. It was first discovered in a forested talus habitat in the Huu Lien Nature Reserve.
Appearance.
The genus is destiguished from other Indomalayan murids by "semispinous, dense, grayish black fur covering upperparts; a dark gray venter; gray ears; a thick, bicolored tail considerably shorter than length of head and body; and large, extremely bulbous footpads".
Its body size, build and some cranial features were described as similar to the species "Leopoldamys neilli" found in Thailand. Other cranial features as well as molar occlusal patterns resemble species of the "Niviventer", "Chiromyscus", and "Saxatilomys" genera native to the Indomalayan region.
Habitat.
The genus is petricolous, meaning it lives in a rocky habitat, and was found only in talus composed of large limestone blocks. It is though that its distribution in the Huu Lien Nature reserve is patchy.

</doc>
<doc id="36648081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648081" title="Real Circumstance Theatre Company">
Real Circumstance Theatre Company

Real Circumstance Theatre Company is a not-for-profit theatre company based in Essex that delivers work nationally and internationally. Real Circumstance develops and produces new plays by emergent writers, and plays generated by the Company through improvisation. Real Circumstance is run by Artistic Director Dan Sherer and Creative Producer Anna Bewick.
Actors that Real Circumstance has worked with include Keeley Forsyth, Lawrence Werber, Ben Caplan, Jot Davies, Tamsin Joanna Kennard, Toby Sawyer, Kate Donmall, and Caroline Williams.
Associate Company.
In August 2012, Real Circumstance became an Associate Company at the Lakeside Theatre, University of Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="36648088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648088" title="R. Kenton Musgrave">
R. Kenton Musgrave

R. Kenton Musgrave (born 1927) is a Senior Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Musgrave was born in 1927 in Clearwater, Florida. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948 from the University of Washington. He received a Juris Doctorate in 1953 from Emory University School of Law. He served as assistant general counsel for Lockheed Aircraft and Lockheed International from 1953 to 1962. He served as Vice President and general counsel of Mattel Inc. from 1963 to 1971. He was Director of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Combined Shows, Inc. from 1968 to 1972. He worked in private practice from 1972 to 1975. He served as assistant general counsel for Pacific Enterprises from 1975 to 1981. He served as Vice President, general counsel and secretary of Vivitar Corporation from 1981 to 1985. He served as Vice President and Director of Santa Barbara Applied Research Corp. from 1982 to 1987.
Federal Judicial Service.
On July 1, 1987, President Reagan nominated Musgrave to serve as a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Morgan Ford. He was confirmed by the Senate on November 6, 1987 and received his commission on November 9, 1987. He took senior status on November 14, 1997, and was succeeded by Judge Richard K. Eaton.

</doc>
<doc id="36648096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648096" title="Adocidae">
Adocidae

The Adocidae are an extinct family of aquatic and omnivorous turtles.
Distribution.
Species of this genus are present in Oligocene of Kazakhstan, Paleocene of United States, Cretaceous to Paleogene of United States, Cretaceous of Canada, Japan, Kazakhstan, Laos, Mexico, Mongolia, Tajikistan, Thailand, United States and Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36648097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648097" title="Edward Tyrer">
Edward Tyrer

Edward Tyrer, QPM, CPM (Traditional Chinese: 戴磊華, formerly 邰華, 19 September 1917 – 2004) was a senior British colonial police officer who was Commissioner of Police, Hong Kong, from December 1966 to July 1967.
When the leftist riots broke out in May 1967, he was unable to command the Force because he had been on vacation leave in Britain. Shortly after returning in mid-June, he suddenly flew to London on 14 July to report the latest development to the Commonwealth Office. And on 21 July, he was approved for early retirement on "health grounds", leaving many speculations as to the real reasons behind his decision. A few pieces of confidential official documents declassified and released in 2012 revealed that Tyrer was instructed to apply for immediate early retirement because he had refused to follow the instructions of the acting governor Michael Gass to suppress the riots.
Tyrer joined the Trinidad police force as a police cadet in 1937 and was promoted to the rank of Assistant Superintendent the next year. During World War II, he saw active service in the Army from 1939 to 1942 before serving briefly in British India's police force. In September 1945, he joined the British provisional military administration of Hong Kong as a captain, handling policing matters in the territories. He was later appointed an Assistant Superintendent of the Hong Kong Police in 1946, an Assistant Commissioner in 1953, and Deputy Commissioner in 1963. He was sent to Britain for advanced police training in 1952, 1956 and 1963 prior to becoming Commissioner.
Biography.
Early years.
Edward Tyrer was born Edward Tyrer Egg in British Guiana (now Guyana) on 19 September 1917. He later renounced his surname and assumed the name of "Edward Tyrer" in 1945 by enrolling a deed poll in the Supreme Court of England and Wales. His father, Richard Tyrer Egg, was a native colonial legal officer of English descent in British Guiana who later became a high court judge in the Gold Coast (now Ghana). His mother, Lilian Maude Egg, was of Portuguese descent. Tyrer had an elder sister called Leila Tyrer Egg as well as a younger brother called John Edgar Tyrer Egg. John was a Foreign Office official who also renounced by deed poll his surname of "Egg" in 1963.
Tyrer spent his early childhood in British Guiana before receiving education in England, where he entered, firstly, St Paul's School in London, and followed by Exeter College, Oxford. He began his law enforcement career when he joined the police force of Trinidad, then a British crown colony, as a police cadet in 1937. He was promoted to the rank of Assistant Superintendent the next year. When the Second World War broke out, he saw active service in the Army from 1939 to 1942. During the war he was first commissioned as 2nd. Lt Edward Tyrer Egg (service No. 338545) on 15 June 1944. At the end of the war in 1945 he relinquished his command and was promoted upon discharge as Hon. Captain E. Tyrer (service No. unchanged : 338545) but minus his surname "Egg". According to Sinclair, he then briefly served in the police force of British India before joining the civil administration in Hong Kong.
Police career.
In September 1945, Tyrer was transferred to the British provisional military administration of Hong Kong as a captain, handling policing matters in the territories. When civil-colonial rule resumed in May 1946, he was appointed an Assistant Superintendent of the Hong Kong Police. In April 1951, he and P. I. M. Irwin were the first batch of officers in the Force who were promoted to the rank of Senior Superintendent. He was sent to the National Police College in Ryton-on-Dunsmore, Warwickshire, to receive advanced police training in 1952. While in the United Kingdom, he joined the funeral procession of the late King George VI in London on 19 June 1952, representing the Hong Kong Police. He returned to Hong Kong in August the same year and was appointed an acting Assistant Commissioner. He was later formally promoted to that rank in February 1953.
From May to June 1956, Tyrer was sent to the National Police College for a second time to attend a colonial police commanding course. He resumed his duty as an Assistant Commissioner upon completing the course and acted as Deputy Commissioner in several occasions from 1960 to 1963. In 1963, he was sent to Britain to receive advanced police training for a third time, this time at the Police Staff College, Bramshill. Upon returning to Hong Kong, he succeeded the retiring Ken Bidmead as Deputy Commissioner in November the same year. As Deputy Commissioner, he acted as Commissioner for a couple of times when his chief, Henry Heath, was on leave. In the capacity as acting Commissioner, he officiated at the opening of the new wing of Mongkok Police Station on 12 August 1965.
In October 1966, the Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs agreed to appoint Tyrer to succeed Heath, who had reached the normal retiring age of 55, as Commissioner of Police. He formally took up the appointment in December while Ted Eates, a Senior Assistant Commissioner, was in turn appointed Deputy Commissioner. Prior to the promotion, Tyrer had been bestowed a Colonial Police Medal in 1950 and a Queen's Police Medal in 1956.
Early retirement.
Soon after he became Commissioner, the leftist riots, which lasted for some seven months, broke out in May 1967. The massive civil disorder originated in a labour dispute at an artificial plastic flower factory in San Po Kong, East Kowloon, and was quickly fuelled by the local leftists and the "Cultural Revolution" in the mainland. On 6 May, clashes between the strikers and the police began and the situation turned so serious that a curfew in East Kowloon was declared by the government on 11 May. On 16 May, the leftists formed the "Hong Kong and Kowloon Committee for Anti-Hong Kong British Persecution Struggle", aiming at "fighting against the oppressive colonial-rule of the British" and becoming a threat to the colonial authority.
Just before the outbreak of the civil disorder, it happened that Tyrer had been on vacation leave and had left Hong Kong for Britain since 3 May, leaving the Force to his deputy, Ted Eates. Under the command of Eates, the police responded to the rioters swiftly and toughly in order to control the situation. Riot police were sent to maintain law and order and a curfew was briefly implemented on Hong Kong Island. Tyrer returned to Hong Kong and resumed command of the Force in mid-June but the situation did not relax. On 8 July, a gun fight between militiamen from the mainland and the border police took place at Sha Tau Kok, killing five police officers, including three ethnic Chinese and two ethnic Pakistani, and injuring many others. On the next day, the leftist rioters staged another attack in the downtown on Queen's Road West, where a 21-year-old ethnic Chinese police officer was fatally attacked with a hook while on duty. These attacks attracted much attention from the media and intensified public panic in the colony.
On 12 July, Tyrer, in full uniform and with his left arm wrapped in a black ribbon, led the Police Force to attend a number of ceremonies which mourned over the killed police officers. In the morning, he paid the last tribute to two ethnic Chinese policemen who were killed in the riots in a funeral at the St. Michael's Catholic Cemetery in Happy Valley. The funeral was followed by another public memorial ceremony held at the Police Headquarters in Wanchai, in which he took the lead to follow Chinese tradition by bowing three times to the coffins of another two killed Chinese officers. In the evening, he attended one more ceremony at Kai Tak Airport, where he escorted the coffins of two Pakistani officers killed in the gun fight of Sha Tau Kok to an aeroplane, sending the remains back to their ancestral home in Pakistan.
Two days later on 14 July, Tyrer suddenly flew to London. At first, the spokesman of the Information Services Department explained that he was to report the latest development and to discuss the structure of the Force with the senior officials of the Commonwealth Office. However, one week later on 21 July, it was announced by the Commonwealth Office that Tyrer could not return to Hong Kong on "health grounds" and had been approved for early retirement by the Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs. The announcement also stated that Tyrer would provide advisory services to the Commonwealth Office in the coming months before formally leaving the service. His deputy, Eates, was immediately appointed to succeed him as Commissioner of Police. The riots later came to an end in December 1967, some five months after Tyrer's early retirement.
Tyrer was only 50 years of age at the time of his early retirement, which was five years before reaching the normal age of retirement of 55. He was also the shortest-serving Commissioner of Police in Hong Kong's history, serving for seven months only. His departure left many questions unanswered. Although the British government announced that Tyrer had applied for early retirement on "health grounds", he had appeared to be both physically and mentally fit when he discharged his duties as Commissioner in numerous public occasions like the Force's prize-presenting ceremony. On 18 April 1967, he was even healthy enough to join the Force's blood donation day. Since he had never been reported to have health problems, his decision to retire early sparked speculations. A major leftist newspaper, "Tai Kung Pao", which described Tyrer as "a headsman whose hands were full of blood of Hong Kong Chinese", commented that he was forced to quit the job because of poor performance. Both the British government and the Hong Kong government refused to disclose further details surrounding the early retirement of Tyrer but in later years it became known that Prime Minister Harold Wilson was very angry about the situation at the onset.
Later years.
Tyrer lived a quiet life in the United Kingdom in retirement and never publicly talked about his early retirement. Many years later, he died at his home in Bedfordshire in 2004, aged 86, taking the secret of his departure in 1967 to his grave. A reporter of Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" attempted to search for documents in relation to Tyrer's early retirement from Hong Kong's Public Records Office and the Records and Historical Department of the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 2004. Nevertheless, the requests were not answered, leaving unexplained the mystery of his decision not to return to duty.
In a book on the 1967 Leftist riots published in 2012, the author, Hong Kong journalist Gary Ka-wai Cheung, provides some insights into the mysterious retirement of Tyrer. Citing a few pieces of colonial confidential documents just declassified and released by the British government, he reveals that in a secret meeting chaired by the acting governor Michael Gass, Tyrer refused to follow the instructions of Gass to suppress the riots, fearing that he would be condemned or even face legal challenges. On 12 July 1967, Gass, losing confidence in Tyrer to lead the Police Force, requested him to apply for early retirement by 10:00 the next morning, or else the government would initiate compulsory retirement process against him. As a result, Tyrer applied for early retirement on "health grounds". Cheung further reveals that in a meeting with officials of the Commonwealth Office after returning to the United Kingdom, Tyrer questioned that the suppression would worsen the situation and would be a sign of backwardness of the government.

</doc>
<doc id="36648101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648101" title="Nematology (journal)">
Nematology (journal)

Nematology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the study of nematodes.
In 1978, French zoologist Michel Luc established the "Revue de Nématologie" (soon renamed "Fundamental and Applied Nematology") that fused with "Nematologica" in 1999 to become "Nematology". The editors-in-chief are David Hunt (CABI Europe) and Roland Perry (Rothamsted Research).

</doc>
<doc id="36648121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648121" title="Remigius van Rheni">
Remigius van Rheni

Remigius van Rheni (1560, Brussels – c.1620), was a Flemish Baroque painter.
Biography.
According to Houbraken he was born in Brussels and was court painter to Count Hendrik of Wolfegg. He lived in the year 1600 at the Count's castle (Schloss Wolfegg), which was later burned by the Swiss.
According to Cornelis de Bie in his Het Gulden Cabinet, which was probably Houbraken's source, his works could be seen in Germany and at the homes of leading gentlemen in the Netherlands.
He died there and later the castle was burned by the "Swetsche", or Swedish, not Swiss.
In 1646 Swedish troops under Carl Gustaf Wrangel ransacked the castle near the end of the Thirty Years' War and laid fire to it. The then owner Maximilian Willibald of Waldburg-Wolfegg was short of funds, so the restoration of the castle was delayed until 1651, by which time all traces of Rheni's work was lost.

</doc>
<doc id="36648122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648122" title="Žiben">
Žiben

Žiben (; sometimes "Žibenj", ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Pugled pri Starem Logu.
History.
Žiben was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942. A hayrack still stood at the site when a meeting of Liberation Front activists was held here from 28 to 30 April 1943. After this the Italian troops burned the hayrack as well. A monument was erected at the site commemorating the wartime events and next to the monument are the graves of three Partisan soldiers. The wounded soldiers had fled from the Partisan hospital at Stari Breg when it came under German bombardment in October 1943, and they were apprehended and executed at Žiben.

</doc>
<doc id="36648125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648125" title="Revaz Lashkhi">
Revaz Lashkhi

Revaz Lashkhi (; born 26 May 1988 in Borjomi, Georgia) is a Georgian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's Greco-Roman 60 kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="36648126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648126" title="Revansiddha Temple">
Revansiddha Temple

"For other uses related to Sidhhanath Temple, see: Sidhhanath Temple (disambiguation)"
Revansiddha Temple is a holistic devine temple dedicated to Lord Sri dev Revansiddhanath, a nath panthiya yogi. It was built in the' 16th century and lies hardly three furlongs away from the village Renavi. 
Renavi is celebrated for an old temple dedicated to Revan Siddh, a saint of repute, said to have been under the special favour of Lord Sri. Dattatraya and lil a great favourite of the Lingayats, because Lord Sri dev Revansiddhanath met Sri Siddheshwar Maharaj, Main Saint of Lingayat at Gurubhet in Sholapur city & gave Diksha.
History.
The temple is a conspicuous object on the south side of the Chiplun-Karhad-Bijapur road as soon as the plateau is reached. To the east of this sacred shrine is Urul Siddh and to the west in a tunnel is Visvaradya. The story runs that the Revan mountain was formerly composed of five metals. White crystals are found in abundance on the mountain and these are used as bhasma by the devotees. Besides, soils of various colours are also found. As many as 84 tirhas or holy centres were believed to have been situated on this sacred mountain but all except six have disappeared. Those now in existence are a gomukh, two haranyak and three flower gardens.
Fair.
A yearly fair is held in February at the day of Mahashivaratree which attracts thousands of devotees from places like Sangli Solapur and Karnatak. A majority of the disciples of this saint are spread over Maharastra and Karnatak.

</doc>
<doc id="36648129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648129" title="Adocus">
Adocus

Adocus is an extinct genus of aquatic turtles belonging to the family Adocidae. "Adocus" was once onsidered a genus belonging to the family Dermatemyidae, but nowadays it is assigned by most authors to the family Adocidae.
Description.
Species of the genus "Adocus" had flattened and smoothly contoured shells with horny sculptured plates. The shells could reach a length of about 80 cm. These large freshwater turtles had an omnivore diet. They lived from the Late Cretaceous to the Paleocene in North America, but in Asia, they were also present during the Oligocene.
Distribution.
These turtles have been found in Cretaceous to Paleogene of United States and in Cretaceous of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, United States and Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36648147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648147" title="Vulnerability">
Vulnerability

Vulnerability refers to the inability to withstand the effects of a hostile environment. A window of vulnerability (WoV) is a time frame within which defensive measures are reduced, compromised or lacking 
Common applications.
In relation to hazards and disasters, vulnerability is a concept that links the relationship that people have with their environment to social forces and institutions and the cultural values that sustain and contest them. “The concept of vulnerability expresses the multi-dimensionality of disasters by focusing attention on the totality of relationships in a given social situation which constitute a condition that, in combination with environmental forces, produces a disaster”.
It's also the extent to which changes could harm a system, or to which the community can be affected by the impact of a hazard or exposed to the possibility of being attacked or harmed, either physically or emotionally: "we were in a vulnerable position".
Research.
Within the body of literature related to vulnerability, major research streams include questions of methodology, such as: measuring and assessing vulnerability, including finding appropriate indicators for various aspects of vulnerability, up- and down scaling methods, and participatory methods. Vulnerability research covers a complex, multidisciplinary field including development and poverty studies, public health, climate studies, security studies, engineering, geography, political ecology, and disaster and risk management. This research is of importance and interest for organizations trying to reduce vulnerability – especially as related to poverty and other Millennium Development Goals. Many institutions are conducting interdisciplinary research on vulnerability. A forum that brings many of the current researchers on vulnerability together is the Expert Working Group (EWG).1 Researchers are currently working to refine definitions of “vulnerability”, measurement and assessment methods, and effective communication of research to decision makers.
Types.
Social.
In its sense, social vulnerability is one dimension of vulnerability to multiple stressors and shocks, including abuse, social exclusion and natural hazards. Social vulnerability refers to the inability of people, organizations, and societies to withstand adverse impacts from multiple stressors to which they are exposed. These impacts are due in part to characteristics inherent in social interactions, institutions, and systems of cultural values.
Cognitive.
A cognitive vulnerability, in cognitive psychology, is an erroneous belief, cognitive bias, or pattern of thought that is believed to predispose the individual to psychological problems. It is in place before the symptoms of psychological disorders start to appear; after the individual encounters a stressful experience, the cognitive vulnerability shapes a maladaptive response that may lead to a psychological disorder. In psychopathology, cognitive vulnerability is constructed from schema models, hopelessness models, and attachment theory. Attentional bias is one mechanism leading to faulty cognitive bias that leads to cognitive vulnerability. Allocating a danger level to a threat depends on the urgency or intensity of the threshold. Anxiety is not associated with selective orientation.
Military.
In military terminology, vulnerability is a subset of survivability, the others being susceptibility and recoverability. Vulnerability is defined in various ways depending on the nation and service arm concerned, but in general it refers to the near-instantaneous effects of a weapon attack. In aviation it is defined as the inability of an aircraft to withstand the damage caused by the man-made hostile environment. In some definitions, recoverability (damage control, firefighting, restoration of capability) is included in vulnerability. Some military services develop their own concept of vulnerability.
Invulnerability.
Invulnerability is a common feature found in video games. It makes the player impervious to pain, damage or loss of health. It can be found in the form of "power-ups" or cheats;when activated via cheats, it is often referred to as "God Mode". Generally, it does not protect the player from certain instant-death hazards, most notably "bottomless" pits from which, even if the player were to survive the fall, they would be unable to escape. As a rule, invulnerability granted by power-ups is temporary, and wears off after a set amount of time, while invulnerability cheats, once activated, remain in effect until deactivated, or the end of the level is reached. Depending on the game in question, invulnerability to damage may or may not protect the player from non-damage effects, such as being immobilized or sent flying.
In comic books, some superheroes are considered invulnerable, though this usually only applies up to a certain level. (e.g. Superman is invulnerable to physical attacks from normal people but not to the extremely powerful attacks of Doomsday)..
In mythology talismans charms and amulets were created by magic users for the purpose of making the wearer immune to injury from both mystic and mundane weapons. 

</doc>
<doc id="36648152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648152" title="Queen Alexandra's Military Hospital">
Queen Alexandra's Military Hospital

The Queen Alexandra's Military Hospital (Millbank) (QAMH) opened in July 1905. It was mostly north of the Tate Britain (across a side-street) adjacent to the River Thames on the borders of the neighbourhoods of Millbank/Pimlico, Westminster, London. Its remaining buildings to the south served related purposes.
History.
The hospital was officially opened by King Edward VII and his wife Queen Alexandra, who was the president of the Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps (QARANC). In 1907 the Royal Army Medical College (RAM College) opened on the south side of the Tate Gallery.
In World War I it became a general hospital for the Army. Apart from the war-wounded by munitions, it attended to cases of trench fever, frostbite, shellshock and gas gangrene. After the war it was enlarged to 200 beds and, together with the RAMC, became the postgraduate school for medical officers of the Royal Army Medical Corps (RAM Corps) and British overseas territories as well as the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force. It was the only British institution teaching military surgery.
There were strong ties with Westminster Hospital due to its then proximity and also the Army Medical Service, and there was a joint neoplastic clinic.
In World War II the hospital together with its college formed a large site vulnerable to bombing but only received superficial damage, some of which is still visible on the outside walls of the Tate. After the war a vascular surgical unit was set up with St Mary's Hospital, Paddington and postgraduate training continued for Army medical officers in surgery, tropical diseases and pathology (for assistance in prevention and diagnosis), while other ranks received more technical medical training.
In 1957 the hospital was extended to 300 beds with two operating theatres and 11 wards including one for children. Male nurses were from the RAM Corps and female nurses from QARANC.
The hospital element closed in the 1970s when the Queen Elizabeth Military Hospital (QEMH) was built at Woolwich, London with services and staff transferred to that site. RAM College remained at Millbank until teaching moved to Portsmouth in 1999.
QEMH closed on 29 September 1995 as part of defence cuts and rationale of a more mobile Army Medical Services. Built instead on its site was Queen Elizabeth Hospital which serves across a portion of south-east London and is part of the Greenwich healthcare trust.
Current status.
The college buildings are now occupied by the Chelsea College of Art and Design. Part of the hospital site has since be used for an extension of the Tate but most of the buildings remain. These have housed various administration departments of the Tate as well as the library, meeting rooms and the conservation science section. The chapel remains but its stained glass window, depicting the Ascension of Jesus Christ, was carefully removed to the QEMH, Woolwich. The area around the college including the Tate, former military hospital, college and other adjacent areas is a conservation area, although as at 2005 only the hospital buildings were not listed.
In 2005 Westminster City Council produced an 'conservation audit' of the wider Millbank conservation area. The report described the hospital building as follows: 
Unusually not the whole complex is listed. Two main parts are listed in the starting category (grade II): the Southern Block; the Officers Mess and Commandants House.Officers Mess and Commandants House </ref> A statue of (Dr) Sir James McGrigor dominating the forecourt is also listed as such. Across the central courtyard the former NW and SW barracks ranges are the other buildings of the site and fall within the same relatively basic recognition category for architectural distinction.

</doc>
<doc id="36648158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648158" title="Cognitive vulnerability">
Cognitive vulnerability

A cognitive vulnerability in cognitive psychology is an erroneous belief, cognitive bias, or pattern of thought that predisposes an individual to psychological problems. The vulnerability exists before the symptoms of a psychological disorder appear. After the individual encounters a stressful experience, the cognitive vulnerability shapes a maladaptive response that increases the likelihood of a psychological disorder. 
In psychopathology, there are several perspectives from which the origins of cognitive vulnerabilities can be examined, including cognitive schema models, hopelessness models, and attachment theory. Attentional bias is one mechanism leading to faulty cognitive bias that leads to cognitive vulnerability. Allocating a danger level to a threat depends on the urgency or intensity of the threshold. Anxiety is not associated with selective orientation.
Theories.
Cognitive theory.
Preliminary or "distal" causes contribute to the formation of a cognitive vulnerability that ultimately, via immediate or proximal causes, leads to the individual manifesting symptoms of the disorder. Immediate cognitive and emotional responses trigger imagery and assumptions formed in the past leading to offsetting, defensive behavior and in turn reinforcing mistaken beliefs or other cognitive vulnerabilities.
Attachment theory.
The contact made with caretakers determines a certain attachment process. When secure attachment is disrupted and starts to become insecure, abnormal patterns begin, increasing risk for depression. Working models build perceptions of relationships with others. Cognitive vulnerability is created with maladaptive cognitive processing when building relationships and attachments.
The diathesis-stress relationship.
Diathesis contributes to vulnerability. The diathesis refers to the inclination to illness. In the diathesis-stress relationship, hidden vulnerability is activated through events that the individual perceives as stressful. Vulnerability in psychological terms is implied as an increased probability of emotional pain and some type of psychopathology. Vulnerability can be a combination and interaction of genetic or acquired experiences. Vulnerability leads to putting up with something unpleasant and represents symptoms of various psychological disorders. Vulnerability predisposes individuals to a disorder, but does not initiate the disorder. Depending on the individual's subjective perception of an event, the diathesis leads to a certain psychological illness.
Psychological problems.
Depression.
Through several cognitive biases, selective mood-congruent cues become established over long intervals. Emotional stimuli matching the emotional concerns create an aggregate effect on symptoms related to depression. Depression is associated with selective orientation. It prevents attention toward emotional cues that do not fit the internalized scheme to which the individual has become vulnerable, and leads to comorbid anxiety. When individuals who are prone to depression are asked to recall a specific event, they explain the general class of events (e.g., "The time when I was living with my parents").
Dual process model.
Associative and reflective processing mechanisms apply when cognitive vulnerability is processed into depression. The dual process model is valid in social and personality psychology but is not adapted to clinical phenomena. Negative bias in self-assessment provides a foundation for a cognitive vulnerability to depression. Then a downward spiral forms to create forms of dysphoria. Negatively biased associative processing will maintain a dysphoric mood state. As the dysphoric mood escalates, cognitive resources necessary to combating dysphoria by reflective processing are depleted. Irrelevant tasks and intrusive thoughts come to mind when in a dysphoric mood, and cognitive resource depletion further contributes to mood escalation.
Feedback loop.
The feedback loop in the dual process model is between self referent cognition and dysphoria. The feedback loop establishes an inability to apply reflective processing to correct negative biases.
Mood persistence.
Postponing the reflective processes leads to mood persistence. As the individual experiences more and more negative mood states, he or she becomes accustomed to a state of dysphoria. Dysphoric moods create more associative processing for depressive vulnerable people by negative cognitive biases. When associative bias gets stronger, the bias becomes difficult to override. Ineffective reflective strategies lead to persistence of dysphoric moods.
A depressive episode as a vulnerability factor for depression.
The likelihood of another depressive episode escalates with the number of previous episodes. A depressive episode by itself is a vulnerability factor. Each episode of depression makes it easier for the neurotransmitter system to become deregulated. A strong stressor is needed for the initializing first episode; however, subsequent episodes can be triggered by increasingly mild stressors. Contextual information develops such that small changes in mood are sufficient to activate vulnerability. Weakening and frequency of depressive episodes triggers the biological processes related to the initial episode. Depressive episodes are experienced as having no control over traumatic events. A depressive condition results in social rejection and lowered self esteem, leading to further depressive symptoms.
Schema models.
Schemas in depression are formed in association with stressful events in childhood and condition the individual to respond in an abnormal manner to life experiences that recall those childhood traumas. During childhood and adolescence, the individual who is prone to depression begins to match life situations with prototypes of specific stressful experiences from childhood. The cognitive vulnerability thus manifests itself.
Learned helplessness.
Negative events during childhood lead the child to internalize negative events. Just as repeated positive experiences lead the child to develop a positive self image and optimism regarding future events, negative events lead to the development of expectations of hopelessness or even depression when the individual faces a stressful situation in the future.
Bipolar disorder.
A study of people with bipolar disorder found that, compared with non-bipolar controls, they had significantly higher levels of dysfunctional attitudes such as perfectionism and need for approval that increase their cognitive vulnerability to depression.

</doc>
<doc id="36648165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648165" title="Carlos Emmons">
Carlos Emmons

Carlos Emmons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36648175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648175" title="Lake Nona Medical City">
Lake Nona Medical City

Lake Nona Medical City is a health and life sciences park in Orlando, Florida, United States. It is located near Orlando International Airport and within the master-planned community of Lake Nona. The city is home to the University of Central Florida's Health Sciences Campus, which includes the university's College of Medicine and Burnett School of Biomedical Sciences. In the future, the campus will also house UCF's College of Nursing, College of Dental Medicine, and a teaching hospital.
The medical city also includes the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute, Nemours Children’s Hospital, M.D. Anderson Orlando Cancer Research Institute, a University of Florida Academic and Research Center, and Valencia College at Lake Nona. In addition, a Veterans Affairs Medical Center is also currently under construction.
History.
The concept of the medical city began in October 2005 when the Tavistock Group donated $12.5 million and of land to the University of Central Florida to help establish a medical school. In March 2006, the Florida Board of Governors voted to approve UCF's proposal to build a medical college at Lake Nona, and the school greeted its first students in Fall 2009. In 2012, UCF purchased an additional of land at Lake Nona to construct a teaching hospital.
Development.
The medical city is surrounded by education facilities, five million square feet of commercial and retail space, and a mix of residential options. Upon completion of construction of the various projects, UCF's Health Science Campus will accommodate as many as 5,000 upper division, professional, and graduate students and faculty members in the health-related programs, and include up to two million square feet of research and instruction space. It is estimated that the medical city will create up to 30,000 jobs and have a $7.6 billion impact on the economy over the next decade.
Lake Nona is a master-planned community. Forty percent of the community has been reserved for open green space and lakes. Lake Nona’s amenities include a planned city park, 44 miles of planned trails, a number of community parks and of lakes and waterways.

</doc>
<doc id="36648203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648203" title="1989–90 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1989–90 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1989–90 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 16 teams. The national champions were Marítimo.

</doc>
<doc id="36648216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648216" title="Gross Aubrig">
Gross Aubrig

The Gross Aubrig (1,695 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, overlooking the lake of Wägital in the canton of Schwyz. It lies north of the Fluebrig, on the range between the valley of the Sihl and the Wägital.

</doc>
<doc id="36648219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648219" title="Stephanie LaCava">
Stephanie LaCava

Stephanie LaCava is an American journalist and author. 
Born in New York, LaCava spent part of her childhood in Le Vésinet, in the western suburbs of Paris, before returning to the US to study at Colgate University. She began her career at American Vogue and now writes for print and online publications, including The Paris Review, T: The New York Times Style Magazine, Vanity Fair and Tin House.
She is the author of "An Extraordinary Theory of Objects: A Memoir of an Outsider in Paris", an autobiographical series of essays about her expatriate adolescence. As part of the book launch, LaCava partnered with fashion designer Marc Jacobs to create accessories inspired by artifacts from the book, with sales benefitting the New York-based children's mental health care charity, Child Mind Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="36648228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648228" title="Jean Ferrari">
Jean Ferrari

Jean Franco Ferrari Chiabra (born 29 July 1975) is a retired Peruvian footballer who played as a midfielder. He last played for León de Huánuco in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Club career.
Jean Ferrari began his senior career playing for Deportivo San Agustín in the 1995 Torneo Descentralizado season.
He then played for Universitario from 1996 to 1998, making 17 appearances in the 1997 season.
Ferrari then had a spell with La liga side CF Extremadura in the 1998–99 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36648229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648229" title="Fontana Adult School">
Fontana Adult School

Fontana Adult School is located at 10755 Oleander Avenue in Fontana, California. It has been open since November 4, 2009. The current principal is Cynthia G. Gleason.

</doc>
<doc id="36648232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648232" title="Bobby Joe Esposito">
Bobby Joe Esposito

Robert Joseph "Bobby Joe" Esposito is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the Western Soccer Alliance, Major Indoor Soccer League and National Professional Soccer League.
Youth.
In 1983, Esposito graduated from Riverside High School. During his four year high school career, Esposito scored 150 goals and went to three New Jersey High School soccer championships. In 2003, Riverside inducted Esposito into its Hall of Fame. Esposito attended Rutgers University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1983 to 1986. He was a 1986 All American and is in second place on the school’s career goals and points lists and fourth on the career assists list. In 1999, Rutgers inducted Esposito into the school’s Hall of Fame.
Professional.
In 1987, the Cleveland Force selected Esposito in the third round of the Major Indoor Soccer League draft. When the Force folded in 1988, he moved to the Los Angeles Lazers. The Lazers folded a year later. On July 11, 1989, the Dallas Sidekicks selected Esposito in the first round of the dispersal draft, but he chose to joined the Lazer’s coach, Keith Tozer, in a move to the Atlanta Attack of the National Professional Soccer League instead. He also spent the 1989 outdoor season with the California Kickers of the Western Soccer Alliance. In 1992, the Spirit traded Esposito to the Kansas City Attack in exchange for a 1993 draft choice. In 1994, Esposito retired and moved his family to New Jersey. In 1995, he decided to return to professional soccer, so he signed with the Baltimore Spirit. In 1997, the Philadelphia KiXX purchased Esposito’s contract from the Spirit. Esposito retired in 2000 but spent the 2000-2001 season as an assistant coach with the KiXX.

</doc>
<doc id="36648275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648275" title="John Denby (disambiguation)">
John Denby (disambiguation)

John Denby was a footballer.
John Denby may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36648278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648278" title="List of LAN Ecuador destinations">
List of LAN Ecuador destinations

LAN Ecuador serves the following destinations:

</doc>
<doc id="36648292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648292" title="1990–91 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1990–91 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1990–91 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 16 teams. The national champions were Universidad de Los Andes.

</doc>
<doc id="36648296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648296" title="Renavi">
Renavi

Renavi is a village in Sangli district, Maharashtra, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36648302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648302" title="First National Bank (Mayville, North Dakota)">
First National Bank (Mayville, North Dakota)

The First National Bank in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.
It is argued to be significant "because it was the first bank to be built in Mayville, North Dakota. It exhibits significant
distinctive architectural style and is a landmark building in the commercial district. The bank represents an early banking endeavor in
Mayville and is associated with several prominent Mayville entrepreneurs."

</doc>
<doc id="36648306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648306" title="Yang Hak-seon">
Yang Hak-seon

Yang Hak-Seon (Hangul: 양학선, born 6 December 1992) is the first South Korean gymnast to win an Olympic gold medal.
Personal life.
According to his Olympic profile, Yang started his gymnastics career at the age of 9, following his brother's footsteps into the sport.
Yang is currently attending the Korea National Sport University.
Yang's parents are Yang Gwan-gwon and Ki Suk-hyang. Their impoverished family previously lived in one of Gwangju's shantytowns, before relocating to North Jeolla Province's Gochang, in South Korea's countryside, in 2010, after his father, a construction worker, suffered from serious injuries. His family currently lives in a makeshift converted greenhouse constructed from PVC pipes. After Yang's father lost his job, Yang supported the family with a modest income from the Korea Gymnastic Association. Yang's coach Cho Sung-doe admitted that he had been unaware of the family's precarious financial situation before Yang won the gold medal.
Career.
Yang is the reigning vault champion at the Asian Games. In 2012, he became the first Korean gymnast to win Olympic gold in Gymnastics, winning the vault competition in London. In 2013, He won gold in vault at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan, Russia. He is famous in the gymnastics world for performing the hardest vault in the world, a front handspring front layout with three twists. Yang is additionally working on a second difficult skill, but this vault is from a sideways entry.
He is also the reigning world champion, having won gold in the vault at both the 2011 and 2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships

</doc>
<doc id="36648342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648342" title="Sesamum radiatum">
Sesamum radiatum

Sesamum radiatum is a species of flowering plant in the Pedaliaceae. It is in the same genus as sesame. It is known by the English common names benniseed, black benniseed, black sesame, and vegetable sesame. In Nigeria it is known locally as ewe atura, which translates to "leaves that bring relaxation and health to the body". It is used in Africa as a leafy vegetable. It is used medicinally as a laxative, an antidote to scorpion venom, and to treat sprains and ease childbirth. In rural Benin it is cultivated, mainly by women, and it contributes significantly to household income.
The leaves are eaten fresh and cooked. The leaves are slimy in texture when cooked. The shoots are used in soups and porridge. The seeds are eaten whole or as a paste.
This plant is an annual herb growing up to 1.2 to 1.5 meters tall. The leaves are opposite, or toward the top of the plant, alternately arranged. The leaves are lance-shaped to oval and up to 12 centimeters long. They may be smooth-edged or serrated. Flowers occur singly in the leaf axils. They are pink to purple in color, sometimes white, and somewhat bell-shaped. They measure up to 5 centimeters long. The fruit is a capsule up to 3.5 centimeters long which contains seeds roughly 3 millimeters long.
This plant grows wild in savanna and other habitat types. It is also a weed of fields and homesteads. It can grow on poor, rocky soils and it flowers even through drought conditions. When cultivated the plant yields 5 to 6 tons of leaves per hectare. 
This plant is vulnerable to the leaf spot disease "Cercospora sesami". It is also attacked by hawk moths, the moth "Antigastra catalaunalis", and the vegetable bug "Nezara viridula".

</doc>
<doc id="36648346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648346" title="Strawberry Park, Cheshire">
Strawberry Park, Cheshire

Strawberry Park and Strawberry Fields are hamlets on the Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire, England. They are suburbs of the town of Ellesmere Port and part of Cheshire West and Chester. They are seen as smaller suburbs of Backford Cross and are seen as an estate. They are located to the south of Hope Farm and to the west of Backford Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="36648354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648354" title="Earl Rowe">
Earl Rowe

Earl Rowe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36648362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648362" title="Devilert Arsene Kimbembe">
Devilert Arsene Kimbembe

Devilert Arsene Kimbembe (born 1984 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese sprinter. He competed in the Men's 100m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he qualified in the preliminaries with a seasonal best time of 10.68 but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36648395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648395" title="Ibillo">
Ibillo

Ibillo is a small village situated in the Akoko Edo Local Government area in Edo State, Nigeria. The population of Ibillo is made up of several cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="36648399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648399" title="Bosco Sodi">
Bosco Sodi

Bosco Sodi (born in Mexico City, 1970) is a contemporary artist based in New York City. Sodi has lived, studied, and worked in Paris, Barcelona, and Berlin. He now maintains studios in Barcelona, Berlin, New York, and his native Mexico City. He is represented by: Pace Gallery, New York; Galeria Carles Tache, Barcelona; Galeria Alvaro Alcazar, Madrid; EIGEN + ART, Berlin; and Galeria Hilario Galguera, Mexico City.
Exhibitions.
Recent one-person exhibitions include Pace Gallery (New York), Galeria Hilario Galguera (Mexico City), Antiguo Colegio de San Ildefonso (Mexico City), Taka Ishii Gallery (Kyoto), Project B (Milan), and the Bronx Museum of the Arts (New York) which featured Pangaea, a monumental painting measuring 13 by 40 feet.
Sodi’s work can be found in numerous private and public collections including the De La Cruz Collection (Puerto Rico), Colección Jumex (Mexico City), Godia Foundation (Barcelona), Museo Internacional del Arte Aplicada Oggi (Torino, Italy), and the Luis Barragán Foundation (Switzerland).
Work.
Sodi’s paintings are composed of pure pigment, sawdust, wood pulp, natural fibers and glue. Sodi varies the proportions of the components but the structure is always more or less the same. The amount of water added dictates how much crackling occurs. The amount of sawdust, fibers and other fillers determines the bulk, the amount of pigment applied, as well as their shade, changes the intensity and patterns of the overall color scheme and the glue holds them together forming a kind of wood based cement. The studio in which Sodi’s paintings are made has a significant effect on the overall finished product. Although his primary medium is paint, the pigments in Barcelona are different from those in New York and thus the colors produced change with each location. The constituents of water are also a variable, depending upon location, and that difference will change the tonality of colors. In a manner of speaking, Sodi’s work is site-specific.

</doc>
<doc id="36648418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648418" title="Sadni Hrib">
Sadni Hrib

Sadni Hrib (; earlier "Zgornji Vecenbah" or "Zgornji Vencenbah", ) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents.
History.
Sadni Hrib was a Gottschee German village. Before the Second World War it had 13 houses. The village was not destroyed during the war. Only three houses remained in the village in 1953, and the last inhabitants left in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="36648428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648428" title="Sarah Forbes (lacrosse)">
Sarah Forbes (lacrosse)

Sarah Forbes is a volunteer assistant women's lacrosse coach at the University of Maryland. Forbes played for the University of Maryland Terrapins, and won three national championships as a player. She was a three-time All-American, and was named the ACC Female Athlete of the Year in 1997. 
In 2012 Forbes was elected to the Maryland Terrapins Athletics Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="36648431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648431" title="Richard W. Goldberg">
Richard W. Goldberg

Richard W. Goldberg (born 1927) is a Senior Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Goldberg was born in 1927 in Fargo, North Dakota. He received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in 1950 from the University of Miami. He received a Juris Doctorate in 1952 from the University of Miami School of Law. He worked in private practice in Fargo from 1953 to 1954. He served in the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General's Corps from 1954 to 1956. He served as an United States Air Force Reserve Captain from 1956 to 1957. He worked in private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1956 to 1957. He served as an attorney and advisor in the Office of Opinion and Review for the Federal Communications Commission from 1957 to 1958. He served as in-house counsel to the Goldberg Feed & Grain Company in West Fargo from 1959 to 1983. He served as President and CEO of the Goldberg Feed & Grain Company from 1969 to 1983. He served as a member of the North Dakota State Senate from 1966 to 1974. He was Deputy Under Secretary for International Affairs and Commodity Programs at the United States Department of Agriculture from 1983 to 1989. He worked in private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1989 to 1991.
Federal Judicial Service.
On January 8, 1991, President Bush nominated Goldberg to serve as a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Judge Paul Peter Rao. He was confirmed by the Senate on March 21, 1991 and received his commission on March 25, 1991. He took senior status on April 2, 2001, and was succeeded by Judge Timothy C. Stanceu.

</doc>
<doc id="36648435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648435" title="Vladislav Dragojlović">
Vladislav Dragojlović

Vladislav Dragojlović (born March 6, 1979 in Užice, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian professional basketball player. He is a 2.07 center who currently plays for Al Kuwait.

</doc>
<doc id="36648442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648442" title="Giovanni Cernogoraz">
Giovanni Cernogoraz

Giovanni Cernogoraz (born 27 December 1982 in Koper) is a Croatian sports shooter. Competing in shotgun events, he won the Olympic gold medal in men's trap at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London. He was elected for Croatian Sportsman of the year by Sportske novosti in 2012.
Career.
Cernogoraz started with the sport at an early age, initially becoming interested in it through hunting. He is a member of the Gord sports club based in Velika Gorica and was named Velika Gorica Sportsman of the Year in 2011. After narrowly missing 2004 Olympic Games in Athens and 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, Cernogoraz managed to qualify for 2012 Olympic Games after winning the ISSF World Cup in Beijing in 2011.
His next notable achievement was winning a gold medal in team trap along with his national team teammates, brothers Anton and Josip Glasnović, and a bronze in individual trap at the 2012 European Shotgun Championships in Larnaca.
At the 2012 Olympics he managed to qualify for the Olympic final in sixth place with score of 122. In the final, Cernogoraz scored 24 out of a possible 25, with a total score of 146, equalling the Olympic record and securing a shoot-off for the gold. In the shoot-off Cernogoraz went on to defeat Italy's Massimo Fabbrizi 6–5 to win gold. It was Croatia's first Olympic gold and only the second shooting sports medal ever won in its entire Olympic history. It was also the first Olympic gold won by an athlete from Istria after Mate Parlov's boxing gold in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Personal life.
Cernogoraz lives in the town of Novigrad in Istria County, where he works as a waiter at his father's restaurant. 
Cernogoraz is an Istrian Italian and holds an Italian passport. At the press conference in Olympics, he explained that he competes for Croatia after he started training in a Croatian shooting range. He is married and has two children. Cernogoraz is a Roman Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="36648470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648470" title="Sidhhanath Temple, Kharsundi">
Sidhhanath Temple, Kharsundi

"For other uses related to Sidhhanath Temple, see: Sidhhanath Temple (disambiguation)"
Siddhanath is believed to be incarnation of Lord Shiva. Siddhanath is patron god of Atpadi and adjacent regions and one of among several regional protective (Kshetrapal) gods of Maharashtra.Historical temple of lord Siddhnath,a big temple built in 150 years ago. The God in this temple is reincarnation of Lord Shiva even called as NathBaba. This God had two wifes one stays with him(Godess Jogeshwari) and other wife that is goddes Zakabai who is staying few km away from kharsundi near from Neilkarnji. God Nathbaba can meet her once in 3 years and this condition was put by his first wife Godess Jogeswari. So all the villagers go along with Palki of god to meet her some where in December. Near Kharsundi there is a place called Gohdapur where the natural spring of water is coming from ages and does not go dry, the story is that God Nathbabas Horse once saw the snake and jumped and put its feet on ground, the water started flowing there, the snake was there for restrict god from meeting his second wife and there are more stories... 

</doc>
<doc id="36648480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648480" title="Mokri Potok">
Mokri Potok

Mokri Potok (; earlier "Spodnji Vecenbah" or "Spodnji Vencenbah", ) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents.
History.
Mokri Potok was a Gottschee German village. In the land registry of 1498 it had three full farms divided into six half-farms. In the land registry of 1574 there were four half-farms as well as a full farm owned by the mayor. Before the Second World War the village had 19 houses. The village was not destroyed during the war, when its original inhabitants were expelled. The last residents abandoned the village in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36648490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648490" title="Alewyn Burger">
Alewyn Burger

Alewyn Burger (born 1951) is a South African banker and former Chief Operating Officer of Standard Bank. He has a PhD in mathematics from the University of South Africa and is an alumnus of Harvard's Business School's Advanced Management Program (1991). 
He semi-retired from his position at Standard Bank in 2011 and currently acts as an advisor for PwC and SAP. He also teaches as a visiting professor at the University of Stellenbosch Business School. 
Academic Life and Early Career.
His studies started at the Rand Afrikaans University in Johannesburg where he received an MSc degree in mathematical statistics in 1974.
He continued his studies at the University of South Africa and earned an PhD in mathematical statistics at the University of South Africa in 1981.
In 1991 he completed an Advanced Management Program (AMP) at Harvard Business School. 
ABSA Bank Merger.
Burger had a key position during the Absa Bank Group merger between 1992 and 1997, which included amalgamating United Bank, Allied Bank, the Volkskas Group as well as the Sage Group. Burger was instrumental in integrating the IT systems into a single integrated operation, and transforming the organization from a product silo structure to a more customer centric.
Current and previous directorships.
Board and advisory positions
Awards and recognitions.
He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36648500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648500" title="Paul Williams (sprinter)">
Paul Williams (sprinter)

"For other individuals with the same name, see Paul Williams (disambiguation)."
Paul Williams is a Grenadian sprinter. He competed in the Men's 100m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36648529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648529" title="Al Jawhara bint Musaed Al Jiluwi">
Al Jawhara bint Musaed Al Jiluwi

Al Jawhara bint Musaed Al Jiluwi (died 1919) was one of King Abdulaziz's spouses. She was the mother of King Khalid who was the fourth ruler of Saudi Arabia.
Background.
Al Jawhara bint Musaed was from the Al Jiluwis, a cadet branch of the Al Saud. The family, Al Jiluwi, are significant for Al Sauds since it is composed of the descendants of the younger brother of King Abdulaziz's grandfather Faisal bin Turki Al Saud. The roots of the Al Jiluwis trace back to Prince Jiluwi bin Turki bin Abdallah, who served as the governor of Unayzah during the late 1700s.
The members of Al Jiluwis allied themselves with King Abdulaziz to eliminate the threat posed by the Al Kabir clan. For instance, Abdullah Al Jiluwi served as King Abdulaziz's deputy commander and helped him in the conquest of the eastern region of Arabia. He served as the governor of the Eastern Province from 1913 to 1938. Then, his son Saud bin Abdullah became the governor of this province (1938-1967). Next, his another son, Abdul Muhsin bin Abdullah Al Jiluwi, served as the governor of the province from 1967 to 1985 until being replaced by Prince Muhammed bin Fahd.
Additionally, the members of Al Jiluwis intermarried with the Al Sauds. More specifically, the spouses of late King Faisal, late King Fahd, King Abdullah, late Prince Sultan and late Prince Nayef were all members of Al Jiluwi clan.
Al Jawhara was the daughter of Musaed, a nephew of Faisal bin Turki Al Saud. Her mother was Hussa bint Abdallah bin Turki Al Turki, and her paternal grandmother, Noura bint Ahmed Al Sudairi, was also from another powerful family, Al Sudairi. Both families, Al Jiluwi and Al Sudairi, were strong supporters of the Al Saud in the early years of state formation. Her brother Abdulaziz bin Musaed was one of former governors of Hail Province.
Marriage.
Al Jawhara bint Musaed was one of the King Abdulaziz's favorite wives. They were married in 1908, and she was the fourth spouse of King Abdulaziz. It was the only marriage of King Abdulaziz to one of the Al Saud or close relative.
Their marriage produced three children; Prince Mohammad, King Khalid and Princess Al Anoud. Her daughter, Al Anoud, married to the sons of Saad bin Abdul Rahman. She first married Saud bin Saad. After Saud died, she married Fahd bin Saad.
Al Jawhara bint Musaed was extremely interested in horse riding and breeding. She formed a stable within the palace in Riyadh. She also hired the best Najdi horse riders to train cavalry who in turn contributed significantly in King Abdulaziz's attempts to unify Saudi Arabia. She was special for King Abdulaziz due to several reasons. First, Al Jawharah was King Abdulaziz's cousin. Secondly, she was chosen by King Abdulaziz's mother as a wife for him. And lastly, she died at a young age.
Death.
Al Jawhara bint Musaed died in Riyadh in 1919 in the flu epidemic, which also killed Prince Turki bin Abdulaziz, eldest son of King Abdulaziz. Her room in the palace was kept, not allowing anyone to enter except for King Abdulaziz's sister, Nuora. Al Jawhara bint Musaid's death is reported to make King Abdulaziz so sad and devastated that he cried.

</doc>
<doc id="36648542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648542" title="Philip Delano">
Philip Delano

Philip Delano (c. 1603 - c. 1681-82) arrived in Plymouth Colony in November 1621 on the voyage of the ship "Fortune". He was about 16 years of age on arrival and may have been a servant of one of the "Fortune" passengers. "Mayflower" passenger Francis Cooke was his uncle with whom he may initially have resided. Philip Delano lived a long life in Plymouth Colony where he became a person of some note, being involved in numerous governmental activities such civil commissions and juries. Among his early activities was in becoming a very young (investment) Purchaser in 1626 and making the first recorded land sale in Plymouth after the institution of private property. At his death it is believed he had become a person of some wealth.
Philip Delano died in Duxbury, Massachusetts between August 22, 1681 and March 4, 1681/82. His burial place is unknown.
French language and Walloon ancestry.
Philip Delano was baptized in the Waloon church of Leiden, Holland on November 6, 1603. His parents are recorded as Jan de Lano of Tourcoing and Mary Mahieu of Lille in Flanders, who were betrothed on January 13, 1596 in the same Walloon church. His father died within a year or two, and his mother became betrothed to Robert Mannoo, a woolcomber from Namur in Wallonia on February 18, 1605. Philip grew up in Leiden, but further details are unknown. Per author Eugene Stratton, Philip was a member of the Separatist church in Leiden, born of French parents and had been in communion with the French (Walloon) church. In the 17th century the Walloons were French speaking Protestants from Flanders, the Dutch speaking part of present-day northern Belgium, then under the Dutch Republic.
Family name.
Over the years, names of various spellings have been attributed to him. Banks has him as Phillipe de la Noye, which may be the original spelling of his name. In the 1623 Division of Land he is listed as Philipe de la Noye. In both the 1626 Purchasers list and 1633/34 tax list he is Phillip Delanoy. In the next generation the name changed, with his son Thomas listing his surname as "De Lano".
In New England.
In November 1621 Philip Delano arrived in Plymouth Colony as a single man on the ship "Fortune". Banks states that he was 16 years of age when he arrived and must at this time have been a servant of one of the other passengers, as he was a minor.
He may have lived first in Plymouth with an aunt and uncle, Mayflower passenger Francis Cooke and his wife Hester (Mahieu).
In the 1623 Division of Land he is listed as Philipe de la Noye.
Delano was one of the Purchasers (or Old Purchasers) which were heads of families resident in Plymouth in 1626 and were later given special privileges which allowed them advantageous grants of free land. In late 1626 Isaac Allerton had reached an agreement with their colony financial backers in London, the Adventurers, that the colony would buy their debts from the London backers and form their own group in Plymouth, the Undertakers, which would assume the debt. The agreement was signed in Plymouth on behalf of the Purchasers by 27 men with Delano signing as “Phillip Delanoy”.
In 1627 Delano made the first recorded land sale in Plymouth after institution of private property (from his share of the 1623 land division). The land was one acre on the north side of town sold to Stephen Deane.
In 1633 Delano was on the freeman list.
In 1637 Delano volunteered for the Pequot War.
On October 2, 1637 Delano was given forty acres of land in Duxbury, adjoining the lands of John Alden and Edward Bumpus.
Philip Delano served on various juries and commissions, especially grand juries.
For several years Delano was appointed surveyor and resided in Duxbury by 1639.
In 1641 Philip Delano deposed that he was about thirty-six years old.
Delano was on the 1662 list of first-born children to get land at Middleborough.
Family.
The number of children that Philip Delano had is not certain, their birth years or which of his two wives bore them. The following is the current estimate:
Philip married:
1. Hester Dewsbery/Dewsbury on December 19, 1634 in Plymouth. She died between 1648 and 1653. Her burial place is unknown.
2. Mary (Pontus) Glass, widow of James, sometime between September 3, 1652 (death of James Glass) and December 3, 1659. Her father was William Pontus, died before March 4, 1652/53. Her burial place is unknown.
Children attributed to Philip and Hester Delano:
Children attributed to Philip and Mary Delano:
Death and burial of Philip Delano.
Philip Delano died in Duxbury, Massachusetts between August 22, 1681 (date of memorandum serving as will) and March 4, 1681/2 (date of inventory).
Per the Duxbury Rural and Historical Society, there are no records of his burial place. But it is likely that he was buried in the Myles Standish Burying Ground in Duxbury as he was a member of the church there and many of his descendants were buried there.
His estate and heirs.
On July 5, 1682 Philip Delano’s sons Thomas and Samuel (Samuel being called the only son of the second wife) agreed to follow what they knew to be the intent of their father, now deceased, for the distribution of his estate; his other children sharing the estate being John, Jane, Rebecca and Philip.

</doc>
<doc id="36648584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648584" title="Phaon (freedman)">
Phaon (freedman)

Phaon was an imperial freedman and confidant of the Roman emperor Nero. He, with Epaphroditos, Neophytus and Sporus, took Nero to his own villa in the suburban area of Rome where the emperor would commit suicide subsequently.
An amphorae stamp was found with the inscrition ""Phaontis | Aug(usti) l(iberti) a rat(ionibus)"", which could mean he was the rationibus of Nero.
It is unclear if he was a freedman of Nero or of Domitia Lepida, whose properties and patronal rights were transferred to Nero after her execution in 54. A ""L. Domitius Phaion"" is mentioned in an inscription.
In fiction.
Phaon appears in the film Quo Vadis (1951) as an architect of Nero's, played by D. A. Clarke-Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="36648585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648585" title="Seyler theatrical company">
Seyler theatrical company

The Seyler theatrical company (German: "Seylersche Schauspiel-Gesellschaft", sometimes "Seylersche Truppe") was a theatrical company founded in 1769 by Abel Seyler, a Hamburg businessman originally from Switzerland who became "the leading patron of German theatre" in his lifetime. It was largely a continuation of the Hamburgische Entreprise, whose dramaturge was Gotthold Ephraim Lessing and whose main owner was Seyler. The Seyler theatrical company became one of the most famous theatrical companies of Europe in the 18th century, attracting some of Germany's leading actors, playwrights and composers. It comprised around 60 members, including an orchestra, a ballet, house dramatists and set designers. The company was originally (from 1769) contracted by the Hanoverian court with performing at Hanover and other cities of the kingdom. The company would eventually perform all across Germany, and performed for three years at the Weimar Schlosstheater, invited by Duchess Anna Amalia of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. The company had an important role in the development of German opera in the late 18th century.
A number of plays were written for the Seyler theatrical company. For example the play "Sturm und Drang" (which gave its name to the Sturm und Drang period) was written originally for the company by Friedrich Maximilian Klinger (Goethe's childhood friend), then employed as its playwright, and first performed in 1777. In 1789, Abel Seyler's wife, the celebrated actress Friederike Sophie Seyler, published the "Singspiel" "Hüon und Amande", that was plagiarized by the troupe of Emanuel Schikaneder and also greatly influenced "The Magic Flute". 
Threatened by bankruptcy in 1770, the company was saved by Seyler's brother-in-law, Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae.

</doc>
<doc id="36648602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648602" title="J&amp;T">
J&amp;T

J&T is a Central European investment group founded in 1993 in Slovakia. It pursues business in the private equity and banking sectors, the largest portion of the value of its investments being in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. J&T invests mainly into the financial services, energy sector, real estate, health care, media and sports. Together with the Penta Group, it is the biggest investment group in Slovakia. In 2010, J&T Finance Group achieved a net profit of EUR 85.0 mil (down from EUR 116.0 mil in 2009) and total consolidated equity of EUR 729 million. The group’s assets amounted to EUR 3.8 billion and an additional EUR 1.6 billion was managed through asset management services provided to the group’s clients, ranking J&T among the top financial investors in Central and Eastern Europe.
In the Czech Republic, J&T was the subject of the Tuscany scandal (). The name of the company is derived from the family names of its two founders Ivan Jakabovič and Patrik Tkáč. President of the J&T Group is Jozef Tkáč.
History.
J&T was founded in 1993 in Slovakia by Ivan Jakabovič and Patrik Tkáč, both former classmates. Their first major project was the development of luxury housing on Drotárska Street in Bratislava, Slovakia. An important milestone for the young company was the purchase of investment fund Creditanstalt IF in 1996. Today, the company specializes in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Russia, but the group also invests in the markets of Switzerland, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Business model.
J&T is a multinational holding with its mother company Techno plus headquartered in the Slovak Republic. The core company of the holding is J&T Finance Group with base capital of 1 billion Slovak crowns. 

</doc>
<doc id="36648613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648613" title="University of Louisville School of Medicine">
University of Louisville School of Medicine

The University of Louisville School of Medicine at the University of Louisville is a medical school located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States. Originally opened as the Louisville Medical Institute in 1837, it is one of the oldest medical schools in North America.
University of Louisville researchers participated in the development of the first ever cancer vaccine in 2006, the first implantation of the first fully self-contained artificial heart, the first successful hand transplant in the world, the first five hand transplants in the United States and nine hand transplants in eight recipients as of 2008, first discovery of embryonic-like stem cells in adult human bone marrow, and the first proof that adult nasal stem cells can grow to become other types of cells. In 2013, U.S. News & World Report ranked the University of Louisville School of Medicine #76 in research in its annual list of Best Medical Schools in the United States., Kosair Children's Hospital ranked among the top 50 children's hospitals in the country and nationally ranked in six categories: No. 21 in cancer care, 24 in orthopaedics, 24 in pulmonology, 29 in neurology and neurosurgery, 31 in urology, 40 in cardiology and heart surgery, and 51 in nephrology.
The School offers several dual degree programs including MD/MS, MD/MA, MD/MBA, MD/MPH, and MD/PhD degrees. For the 2013 entering class, 159 students enrolled in the Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) program.
In May 2013, Dr. Toni M. Ganzel was selected as the next dean of the School of Medicine. The school is currently undergoing extensive renovation to its undergraduate medical school facilities.
History.
Louisville Medical Institute.
By the early 1830s, Louisville had become a center for inland transportation into the United States. Seeking to develop cultural institutions, citizens (notably town trustee and future Secretary of the Treasury James Guthrie) called for a medical school to be founded in Louisville. The city government appropriated funds for a new medical school at Eighth and Chestnut Streets. Much of the Louisville Medical Institute's early faculty came from Transylvania Medical Institute in Lexington, Kentucky. Theodore Stout Bell, a prominent physician at Transylvania Medical Institute, helped initiate this faculty transfer by suggesting that Louisville would have better clinical cadavers for medical study than Lexington. Classes at the Louisville Medical Institute began in temporary quarters in fall 1837, eventually moving to a building designed by Kentucky architect Gideon Shryock eight months later. Clinical teaching took part in the wards of Louisville City Hospital (now University Hospital). By the early 1840s, University of Louisville School of Medicine had become a distinguished center for medical education, attracting students from a wide variety of locations in the southern and western United States.
University of Louisville Medical Department.
In 1846, by ruling of the Kentucky Legislature, the Louisville Medical Institute became the Medical Department of the newly founded University of Louisville. Many notably physicians and researchers became affiliated with the medical department, including Daniel Drake, Charles Wilkins Short, J. Lawrence Smith, Benjamin Silliman, and David Wendell Yandell.
Health Sciences Center.
The 1960s saw a period of major growth in the University of Louisville Medical Department. University officials began construction of a Health Sciences Center, where health-related study and research would take place and the School of Medicine would be located. The Health Sciences Center included a 120,000-square-foot Medical-Dental Research Building (opened in 1963), new buildings to house the medical and dental schools, a library, and laboratory buildings. Vice President for health affairs Harold Boyer oversaw state appropriation of funds for the construction of a new teaching hospital and ambulatory care center.
In 1997, the Kentucky General Assembly approved House Bill 1, also known as the Higher Education Reform Act. It included the mandate that the University of Louisville become a premier metropolitan research university by 2020.
Today, the Health Sciences Center features over 200,000 square feet of state-of-the-art research facilities, a standardized patient clinic and one of the largest academic medical simulation centers in the United States.
There are 5 hospitals within walking distance on the Health Sciences Center campus, with the VA Hospital 5 minutes away, where students perform their clinical rotations. The Louisville Medical Center serves more than 500,000 patients each year:
Innovations.
Throughout its history, the University of Louisville School of Medicine has been a pioneer in terms of modern medical practice and surgical procedure. Notably, the University of Louisville housed the world’s first emergency room, opened in 1911 and developed by surgeon Arnold Griswold in the 1930s. Griswold also developed autotransfusion, the process by which a person receives their own blood for a transfusion rather than banked donor blood.
In 1998, Dr. Roberto Bolli led a U of L team that identified an intracellular molecule that could protect the heart from ischemic myocardial damage. This group presented its findings to 40,000 cardiologists at the 1998 American Heart Association (AHA) conference. Dr. Bolli also headed a U of L team that was awarded an $11.7 million grant from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute – part of the National Institutes of Health – to continue to build on this research in 2005, marking the largest nationally-competitive NIH grant awarded to the University. NIH reviewers rated the proposed research program as exceedingly innovative and potentially high-impact, noting that it addresses an extremely important clinical problem in a way that will move treatments from the laboratory to the patient as quickly as possible. Using highly unusual language, the reviewers called the proposal “a paradigm of what a program project grant should be.” Dr. Bolli is or has been on the editorial board of all major cardiovascular journals and is presently the Editor in Chief of Circulation Research. He has been a member of numerous NIH study sections and committees and is presently a member of the NHLBI Advisory Council. He also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the American Heart Association.
Surgeons from the University of Louisville in cooperation with the Kleinert and Kutz Hand Care Center and Jewish Hospital performed the first five hand transplants in the United States. The Hand Center performed one of the world's first cross-hand replantations, first reported repair of the digital artery, first bilateral upper arm replantation, first bilateral forearm replantation, first reported successful technique for primary flexor tendon repair, and first vascularized epiphyseal transfer. This center has pioneered work in primary reconstruction using free tissue transfer. The Christine M. Kleinert Institute hand surgery fellowship program is one of top fellowships in the world for hand and microsurgery.
In 2001, University of Louisville and Jewish Hospital physicians and researchers, Drs. Laman A. Gray, Jr. and Robert D. Dowling, performed the world's first implantation of the AbioCor Implantable Replacement Heart on July 2, in a seven-hour procedure at Jewish Hospital in Louisville, Kentucky. University of Louisville Cardiothoracic surgeons have performed many other novel procedures, including Kentucky's first heart transplant, the world's first heart transplant following the use of a Thoratec left ventricular assist device, the world's first endoscopic saphenous vein harvest and the first ventricular remodeling in the region.
The James Graham Brown Cancer Center, an affiliate of Kentucky One Health and University of Louisville School of Medicine, have made a remarkable number of important discoveries which has launched the center into the international stage. These discoveries include:
Brown Cancer Center scientists have developed three novel cancer treatments that are in early phase trials. Additionally, at least twenty-seven new drugs or targets which are in various stages of preclinical testing have also been developed. These treatments mark one of the most robust pipelines of any cancer center in the world. Accordingly, a biotech company partially owned by the University of Louisville/Brown Cancer Center, Advanced Cancer Therapeutics, has been initiated to ensure drugs are developed locally and quickly. The goal of the cancer center is to achieve National Cancer Institute designation, a goal they are on track to receive in the near future.
Students.
The general applicant pool has become increasingly more competitive. Kentucky residents are selected for 120 of the approximately 155 seats in the School of Medicine program each year. Out of state seats are awarded to those with superior academic achievement, MCAT scores, research, community service and/or ties to Kentucky.
The entering Class of 2013 consisted of:
The School of Medicine offers several joint degree programs including MD/MA through the Interdisciplinary Master of Arts in Bioethics and Medical Humanities, MD/MS through the School of Public Health & Information Sciences, MD/MBA through the UofL College of Business, and MD/PhD through any of the basic research departments in the School of Medicine: Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, Pharmacology & Toxicology, Anatomy & Neurobiology, Microbiology & Immunology and Physiology & Biophysics. Arrangements can be made in special cases to design a program based in one of the degree-granting programs located at UofL's Belknap Campus.
Upon matriculation, each incoming student is assigned to one of six Advisory Colleges.
Notable Alumni.
The School of Medicine enjoys numerous notable alumni, including 14 past presidents of the American Medical Association.
Samuel E. Adunyah, M.D. – Professor and Chair of the Department of Cancer Biology at Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tennessee. His research serves as a model to study molecular signal transduction mechanism which has the potential to aid in the clinical management of sickle cell diseases, thalassemia, prostate cancer, and myeloid dyplastic syndrome.
William Akers, M.D. – Developed the SPF sun protection rating system. He was head of dermatology research for Syntex Pharmaceutical Corporation in Palo Alto. He also enjoyed a 25 year career in the Army and served as chief of dermatology research at the Letterman Army Institute of Research.
Anthony Atala, M.D, – is the W.H. Boyce Professor and director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine, and chair of the department of urology at the Wake Forest University School of Medicine in North Carolina. Dr. Atala led the team that developed the first lab-grown organ, a bladder, to be implanted into a human.
William H. McBeath, M.D., MPH, - was the executive director of the American Public Health Association for twenty years, earning the organization's prestigious Sedgwick Memorial Medal in recognition of his contributions upon his retirement.
AMA Presidents
Irvin Abell, M.D. – A surgeon from Louisville, Dr. Abell taught on the faculties of the Louisville Medical College and University of Louisville. Dr. Abell was the first Grand Presiding Senior (president) of Phi Chi Medical Fraternity in 1897. He also served as president of the American College of Surgeons and Southeastern Surgical Association. During World War II, Dr. Abell headed the national committee that consulted with the Department of Defense on matters of public health.
Hoyt Gardner, M.D. – Dr. Gardner served as president of the AMA during a period of contentious debate about increased government involvement in the regulation of healthcare delivery. He served as a delegate to the World Health Organization Conference where his strategies helped to develop the groundwork for modern healthcare quality concepts. He also served as past national president of Delta Tau Delta Fraternity. Under his leadership, the fraternity began addressing the mounting concerns surrounding alcohol problems with a pilot program in a way that respected an individual’s right to choose.
Donald Baxter, M.D. – Dr. Baxter discovered the pyrogen-free solutions and equipment of IV presently incorporated in hospitals today.
William M. Christopherson, M.D. – Dr. Christopherson is a pioneer in the areas uterine cervical cancer and has served as president of the American Association for Cancer Education, the American Society of Cytology, the Arthur Purdy Stout Society of Surgical Pathologist and the International Academy of Pathology. In 1986, Humana, Inc. established a chair in pathology in his honor.
James W. Fisher, M.D. – Dr. Fisher is Professor and Chair of the Department of Pharmacology at Tulane University. Dr. Fisher is known throughout the world for his research on erythroprotein (Epo). Epo is approved for use as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of anemia in kidney dialysis and AIDS patients.
C. Ronald Kahn, M.D. – Dr. Kahn is the Mary K. Iacocca Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and the chief academic officer of the Joslin Diabetes Center. He previously served as their president and research director. He is an outstanding clinical investigator whose research interests are in insulin receptors and insulin action, insulin-like growth factors, diabetes mellitus, hypoglycemia and immunity, autoimmunity and viruses in endocrine disorders.
Brian Lukey, Ph.D. – Dr. Lukey is a Colonel in the U.S. Army and an international authority in chemical warfare research, and currently directs research specializing in sustaining and enhancing the performance and long-term health of soldiers.
Mark Newman, MD – Dr. Newman has been Chair of the Duke University Medical Center Department of Anesthesiology since 2001. He is known for his research to better understand and improve cognitive decline after cardiac surgery.
Maurice Rabb, Jr., M.D. – Dr. Rabb was an African-American ophthalmologist widely known for his pioneering work in cornea and retinal vascular diseases. Dr. Rabb was also recognized for his efforts to expand opportunities for doctors from underrepresented communities through the National Medical Association.
Dorothy ‘Dot’ Richardson, M.D. – Dr. Richardson is best known as leading the 1996 U.S. Olympic softball team to their first-ever gold medal over China during the Atlanta games.
Forest Shely, M.D. – Dr. Shely was a physician in Campbellsville, Kentucky and holds the distinction of serving as a trustee for Campbellsville University for 56 years. This is the longest serving trustee for Campbellsville University. Dr. Shely was the medical director of several area nursing homes and the first administrator of Taylor County Hospital. He served as chairman of both the Taylor County and Lake Cumberland district boards of health. He was a member of the Taylor County Mental Health Board, Taylor County Public Library Board, and the Campbellsville-Taylor County Rescue Advisory Board. He was chairman of the board of Citizens Bank and Trust Company in Campbellsville.
Dixie Snider Jr., M.D., MPH – Dr. Snider is senior advisor at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Prior to this he served as assistant Surgeon General (rear admiral) and chief science officer at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. He has a long-standing reputation as an epidemiologist dedicated to the elimination of tuberculosis and other mycrobacterial diseases.
Loman C. Trover, M.D. – Dr. Trover spearheaded the founding of what is now known as Trover Foundation, which includes the Regional Medical Center and services Madisonville and the surrounding rural Kentucky counties. 
Raymond L. Woosley, Jr., M.D. – Dr. Woosley has received numerous awards including the Food and Drug Administration Commissioner’s Special Citation for making the public and Congress aware of the dangers of the dietary supplement ephedrine. Woosley’s research on the antihistamine, Seldane, guided the discovery of fatal abnormalities in heart rhythms as a potential side effect. This research led to the discovery of fexofenadine, which is marketed under the name Allegra.

</doc>
<doc id="36648623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648623" title="Joby Warrick">
Joby Warrick

Joby Warrick (born August 4, 1960) is an American journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize. He began working for "The Washington Post" in 1996, writing about the Middle East, diplomacy and national security. He has also covered the intelligence community, Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) proliferation and the environment, and served as a member of the Post’s investigative unit.
The Overseas Press Club of America gave him their 2003 award for best newspaper interpretation of international affairs for his articles about proliferation threats. In September 2002, Warrick was one of the first journalists to publish reports casting doubt on the Bush administration's claims that aluminum tubes discovered in Iraq were appropriate for use in uranium centrifuges. A February, 2013 report by Warrick about ceramic ring magnets which Iran made an effort to procure was criticized by scientists for the report's assertion that the magnets were specially suited for nuclear fuel enrichment. Warrick responded that despite other possible uses for the magnets, the large number of them that Iran attempted to obtain was consistent with public declarations Iran had made to the International Atomic Energy Agency about its intent to increase its number of operating centrifuges.
Warrick is the author of "The Triple Agent", a narrative culminating in the December 30, 2009, Camp Chapman attack in Afghanistan, which resulted in the murder of seven CIA employees by a suicide bomber. Warrick credits Bob Woodward for helping him structure the book's manuscript.
Prior to his work at "The Washington Post", Warrick reported for "The News and Observer" of Raleigh, N.C., where he shared the 1996 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service with Melanie Sill and Pat Stith, for a series of articles on "the environmental and health risks of waste disposal systems used in North Carolina's growing hog industry." The North Carolina native was previously an Eastern Europe correspondent for UPI and also worked for the "Philadelphia Inquirer" and the "Delaware County Daily Times".
An alumnus of Temple University, Warrick lives in Washington, D.C., and has two children by his wife Maryanne Jordan Warrick.

</doc>
