<doc id="36525549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525549" title="Vivir a Destiempo">
Vivir a Destiempo

Vivir a Destiempo (literally: "Living Untimely"; official release: "Timeless Love") is a Mexican telenovela produced by Fides Velasco and Jacky Castro for Azteca. It stars Edith González and Ramiro Fumazoni as the protagonists alongside Humberto Zurita, Andrea Noli and Wendy de los Cobos as the main villains. The original story and screenplay is written by Eric Vonn. From February 25 to September 20, 2013, Azteca 13 broadcast "Vivir a Destiempo", replacing "Los Rey".
Synopsis.
Paula Duarte and Alejandro Monroy were happily engaged in their youth. They ended the relationship when Alejandro left to study abroad, forced by his father. His father did not approve of Paula as she did not seem apropiate for him due to her middle-class background. Paula's father, a maniac depressive man, commits suicide. She, her mother and sister are forced to cope alone. Looking for a way to forget Alejandro and the death of her father, Paula begins dating Rogelio Bermúdez. He's a handsome, funny and experienced man, they soon start a relationship and become pregnant. They marry and have two children: Daniel and Tania. Alejandro later in life marries Amparo Ávalos, a beautiful but promiscuous and capricious woman. They have a son, Eduardo. Over the years, Alejandro divorces his wife, sick of the high maintenance of his wife.
Paula and Alejandro meet again many years later, when their children start a relationship upon meeting in university. Over the years her happy relationship with her husband turns sour as she can not forget her past love Alejandro. Rogelio, due to this has become a misogynist and domineering man, with whom she was deeply unhappy. Love struggles to break through again between Paula and Alejandro, but her still intact marriage and children keep them separated.
The story chronicles the lives of all the characters who seem to be immersed in between conflict, love, and ambition. Paula discovers that Rogelio, her husband is cheating with someone she trusts blindly and begins working to feel some independence after her friend offers her a job at her retailor office. Meanwhile Alejandro continues to pursue her despite her marriage and the idea of being with him stops Paula from working at her marriage. She decides to call of their marriage and give herself a chance to be happy with Alejandro. However, the things prove to become difficult and life stops them at every turn.
"Vivir a Destiempo" shows the struggle of three middle-class families and two upper class ones to get ahead in a world in crisis. The struggle of parents to rescue their children and show them the right path. The struggle of young people to overcome their problems and define who they are and where they go. Adults and young people in search of their own identity. Love, hate, passion. Sarcasm, black humor, sincere affection, frustrations and great satisfaction. Crude and violent events, tender and emotional stories that lead us to laughter and tears.
Opening sequence.
Javier "Fox" Patron directed the opening sequence of the series with Alexa camera using cinematographic techniques. On January 31, some parts of opening sequence were filmed. It resumed on February 7. The filming locations are Corredor Madero, Eje vial Lázaro Cárdenas (Bellas Artes, Torre Latinoamericana), Parque Hundido, Xochimilco Light Rail and San Ángel.
Theme song.
Aranza, best known as the singer of "Dime", the theme song to "Mirada de Mujer", sang the opening theme of the series. The song was written and produced by Jorge Avendaño Lührs, who wrote the theme song to 1993's "Corazón Salvaje" starring Edith González. In the opening sequence, the second verse is sang in a higher note.
On August 1, Azteca Musica launched the album ""Vivir a Destiempo"" featuring the theme songs and some popular songs by Aranza.
Autograph session.
The first autograph session was held on April 19 in Mexico City. It is expected to be held in various cities in the United States.
From April 29th to May 3rd, the producers of the series together with MasQueTelenovelas are organizing a signed autograph lucky draw for viewers around the world where the viewers would have to write a poem to their favourite actor in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="36525551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525551" title="Kim Butler (basketball)">
Kim Butler (basketball)

Kimberly Kim Butler (born 7 September 1982) is a British professional basketball player. She plays for Great Britain women's national basketball team and SK Cēsis from Latvia. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36525593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525593" title="Lincoln Station (TransLink)">
Lincoln Station (TransLink)

Lincoln Station is a planned SkyTrain station on the Evergreen Line which will be located in Coquitlam, British Columbia. The station will be located at the intersection of Pinetree Way and Lincoln Ave and will be adjacent to the Coquitlam Centre shopping mall.
Timeline.
Work to prepare for the station started in the fall of 2013 with the cutting down of all the trees on the west side of Pintree way from Lincoln Ave to Northern Ave. In January 2014 a report was released about the construction timeline for the station. Part of the report cited "Construction of the Evergreen Line’s Lincoln Station is scheduled to begin in early January 2014. This work will be ongoing until late 2015 and will take place in a fenced-off area within the northeastern section of the Coquitlam Centre parking lot between Northern Avenue and Lincoln Avenue". 
As of mid-January 2014, the whole area of the future station has been fenced off.
In mid-April 2014, the first support structure for the station was completed.
Other Details.
The station is expected to open in 2016 along with the rest of the Evergreen Line.

</doc>
<doc id="36525640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525640" title="Giuseppe Rinvolucri">
Giuseppe Rinvolucri

Giuseppe Rinvolucri was an Italian engineer and architect, the designer of the "extraordinary parabolic-arched Roman Catholic church at Amlwch" on the isle of Anglesey, Our Lady Star of the Sea and St Winefride.
Rinvolucri came from an engineering background in Piedmont. He married a Welsh woman after coming to Britain as a prisoner of war during World War I.
In the 1930s he was living in Glan Conwy and designed Catholic churches in Amlwch, Porthmadog, and Abergele. The Catholic churches in Porthmadog and Amlwch have been described as 'radical essays in reinforced concrete' - Porthmadog the 'less dynamic one, - an ungainly church of 1933' and Amlwch, - 'a particularly elegant parabolic building.'
The Amlwch church has attracted critical praise. The Pevsner guide called it 'a piece of Italian architectural daring of the 1930s' - 'a soaring reinforced concrete and brick vault formed on six arches, expressed as ribs externally and internally, with a conical apse. Three transverse bands of glazing in geometric trefoils of white and blue. Five glass stars (made in France) perforate the East wall round the apse.' Rinvolucri's team of builders constructed the innovative parabolic vault in six months in 1935. The same guide called it Futurist, ' closer to Freyssinet's 1920s airship hangars at Orly, Paris, than to Catholc Church design', and unlike the conservatism of Anglesey building.

</doc>
<doc id="36525642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525642" title="1986 OFC U-20 Championship">
1986 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1986 was a soccer tournament held at the Mount Smart Stadium in Auckland, New Zealand. It also served as qualification for the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Matches.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The tournament winner qualified for the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36525646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525646" title="Sarah Barrow">
Sarah Barrow

Sarah Barrow (born 22 October 1988 in Plymouth) is a British diver. She won the gold medal at the 2012 European Championships at the 10 metre synchro event. Barrow represented Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36525691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525691" title="Leandro Padovani Celin">
Leandro Padovani Celin

Leandro Padovani Celin (born 21 December 1983) is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays for Foolad in Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Padovani has spent the majority of his career in Brazil. In 2012, he transferred to Foolad in the Iranian Premier League where he won the title in 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36525702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525702" title="Swiss Bishops Conference">
Swiss Bishops Conference

The Swiss Bishops' Conference (SBC) (German: Schweizer Bischofskonferenz; French: Conférence des évêques suisses; Italian: Conferenza dei Vescovi svizzeri) is the coordinating body of the Roman Catholic dioceses in Switzerland. It was founded in 1863 as the world's first Bishops 'Conference and is a member of the Council of European Bishops' Conferences.
It meets quarterly and comprises 14 members: the bishops of the six dioceses of Switzerland and the auxiliary bishops and two abbots of Saint-Maurice and Einsiedeln.

</doc>
<doc id="36525731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525731" title="Violent Rome">
Violent Rome

Violent Rome (originally titled Roma violenta, also known as "Violent City" and "Street Killers") is an Italian 1975 "poliziottesco" film directed by Marino Girolami, here credited as Franco Martinelli. It was released on VHS in the UK under the title Forced Impact. It obtained a great commercial success and launched the career of Maurizio Merli. The film has two sequels, "Violent Naples" and "A Special Cop in Action".

</doc>
<doc id="36525738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525738" title="KKDQ">
KKDQ

KKDQ (99.3 FM) is a radio station in Thief River Falls, Minnesota. It is owned by Thomas E. Ingstad and airs a country music format. The station also has coverage in Grand Forks, North Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="36525763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525763" title="George Katrib">
George Katrib

George Katrib is an Australian rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup.
Playing career.
From the Sydney Bulls, Katrib was selected for Lebanon's 2000 World Cup squad. He started the first match at centre and was one of three players requiring medical treatment for hypothermia after the match due to the poor weather in Gloucester. He missed the second match due to a knee injury, playing in the third match from the bench.

</doc>
<doc id="36525768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525768" title="Chelsea Records">
Chelsea Records

Chelsea Records was an American-based record company founded by musician, songwriter, and record producer Wes Farrell in 1972. Within its first four months, it released its first gold single, "Daddy Don't You Walk So Fast" by Wayne Newton.
In addition to Newton, Chelsea featured a number of new and accomplished artists like Tommy Boyce, Jim Gilstrap, Lulu, and Rick Springfield.
A sublabel, Roxbury Records, focused on the soul and R&B market and scored a million-selling hit with William DeVaughn's Be Thankful for What You Got in 1974.
RCA Records originally handled distribution for Chelsea, but Farrell switched to independent distributors in 1974,
and later did its own distribution.
Ultimately, RCA absorbed the label in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36525784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525784" title="El Paso PDN Port of Entry">
El Paso PDN Port of Entry

The El Paso Paso del Norte (PDN) Port of Entry, is among the United States' busiest border crossings. More than 10 million people enter the US from Mexico each year at this location. Upon arrival, the admissibility of each person is determined by an officer of Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Frequently the vehicle and/or possessions of those entering the US are inspected by CBP in an effort to prevent contraband from being brought into the US.
The PDN Port of Entry is located at the Paso del Norte International Bridge, and is limited to northbound non-commercial traffic (although pedestrians may also cross the bridge in the southbound direction). 
Bridges between El Paso and Cuidad Juarez have existed at this location for over 250 years, and they have been rebuilt many times due to floods, expansion and international treaties. PDN is sometimes called the Santa Fe bridge, because its predecessor (prior to 1967) emptied traffic onto Santa Fe Street immediately to the west. Approximately 2000 trains enter the U.S. each year on an adjacent rail bridge. Streetcar traffic also once entered the US on the Paso del Norte Bridge, but that service ended in 1974.
The El Paso PDN Port of Entry ranks second only to the San Ysidro Port of Entry in the number of pedestrians entering the United States from Mexico each year.

</doc>
<doc id="36525793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525793" title="Josleidy Ribalta">
Josleidy Ribalta

Josleidy Ribalta Alfonso (; born 2 May 1990) is a Cuban track and field athlete who specialises in the triple jump. She has a personal best of 14.61 m for the event.
Born in Havana, she competed in the triple jump as a teenager, jumping 13.51 m in 2006 and improving to 13.72 m the following year. In her first international competition, she took the silver medal behind fellow Cuban Dailenys Alcántara at the 2007 World Youth Championships in Athletics. In the next season she set a new best of 13.87 m and was again runner-up to Alcántara on the world stage, this time at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics. In her final year as a junior (under-19) athlete, she came fifth at the 2009 ALBA Games and cleared fourteen metres for the first time (reaching 14.10 m in Havana).
Ribalta came third at the 2010 Barrientos Memorial and was the runner-up at the "Olimpiada del Deporte Cubano" with a personal best clearance of 14.14 m. She also won a long jump bronze at the competition with a mark of 5.75 m. Her jump of 14.61 m in February 2011 ranked her eighth in the world that year and gained her qualification for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, although she was replaced by Yarianna Martínez at the event. She had her first win at the Barrientos Memorial that year.
At the 2012 IAAF Centenary meet in Havana she cleared 14.30 m to finish second, ahead of two-time world champion Yargelis Savigne. She placed sixth at the New York Diamond League meet and was later selected for the Cuban Olympic team.

</doc>
<doc id="36525832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525832" title="Paul Stevens (footballer)">
Paul Stevens (footballer)

Paul David Stevens (born 4 April 1960 in Bristol, England) was an English footballer who played as a right back. He made over 140 Football League appearances in the 1970s and 1980s mostly for Bristol City.
Career.
Paul Stevens played locally for Hartcliffe School and Bristol Boys in Bristol. He was signed by manager Alan Dicksas a professional in April 1978 for Bristol City.
Stevens made his debut for Bristol City in the First Division deputising at right back for Gerry Sweeney in a 0–2 defeat at Middlesbrough on 8 April 1978, his only appearance in the 1977–78 season. In 1978–79 with Sweeney ever present at right back, Stevens did not have the opportunity to appear in the first team as Bristol City finished 13th in the First Division. The following season 1979–80 Bristol City finished 20th and were relegated to the Second Division. Stevens played in only one game scoring in a 1–3 defeat in the second leg of the Anglo Scottish Cup at St Mirren on 16 April 1980.
In the Second Division the "Robins" fared badly being in 21st position for most of the season. After a run of only one win in 12 league matches and going six matches without scoring Stevens was introduced at right back when Alan Hay was missing and Sweeney switched to left back. The result was a 1–0 win v Sheffield Wednesday and Stevens retained his place for the remainder of the season although the "Robins" only won two more league games and were relegated to the Third Division. Stevens made 14 appearances in 1980–81.
Stevens was the only ever present player in the tumultuous 1981–82 season when City were relegated for the third successive season this time to the Fourth Division. But worse than relegation was the financial crisis in February 1982 which almost resulted in the club folding altogether being saved at the last moment by the actions of the "Ashton Gate Eight" in forfeiting their expensive long term contracts and accepting redundancy. Stevens made 46 appearances in 1981–82 scoring one goal. The next highest number of appearances was 33 in this worst of all seasons for the "Robins". The one redeeming feature was reaching the FA Cup 4th round where City lost 0–1 to Aston Villa.
Stevens began the first ever campaign in the Fourth Division at right back but after an early run of seven games without a win left Bristol City in 23rd place Stevens was replaced when Rob Newman moved across from left back. Stevens made 10 appearances in 1982–83 as City eventually recovered to a mid table 14th place. Stevens returned in 1983–84 and missed only one game mainly playing at right back as Bristol City won promotion back to the Third Division finishing in 4th place. Stevens made 45+1 appearances scoring two goals including the winner in a 1–0 win v York City.
Stevens made 30 appearances sharing the right back duties with Andy Llewellyn when Bristol City finished 5th in the Third Division in 1984–85.
Stevens joined Bath City on a free transfer in July 1985 from Bristol City. In 1986–87 Stevens played for Bath City v Bristol City in the FA Cup 2nd round which Bristol City won after a replay. Stevens also helped Bath City regain their place in the Football Conference in 1989–90 before a knee injury brought his playing career to an end. 
After football Paul Stevens continued to live in Ashton, Bristol working as a sales representative for Remploy and playing in local football for Broad Plain.

</doc>
<doc id="36525875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525875" title="A Special Cop in Action">
A Special Cop in Action

A Special Cop in Action (originally titled Italia a mano armata) is a 1976 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Marino Girolami, here credited as Franco Martinelli. The film is the final chapter in the Girolami's trilogy about Commissioner Betti, after "Violent Rome" and "Violent Naples".
The main theme of the film was used in the soundtrack of Quentin Tarantino's "Death Proof".
Plot.
A crime syndicate starts a crime wave in Turin, they rob a bank, taking a hostage to get away from Police Inspector Betti and Ferrari, his partner. However, the hostage turned out to be their accomplice in disguise. Later, they hijack a school bus full of children to use as ransom.
Betti and Ferrari sees through the syndicate's scheme and ambushes them on their next robbery attempt, arresting all but one armed criminal. The remaining criminal takes one of their unarmed mules as hostage, trying the trick they used last time. However Betti sees it through and closes in on them, refusing their demands for a getaway. The armed bandit gambles by releasing all other individuals in the bank to appear genuine, however, the "customer" taken hostage was a career criminal known to the police and Betti. The police close in on them, forcing the crooks to give up.
The remaining criminals hide the schoolchildren in a nearby farm and lay low, but their cover is blown when one of the criminals try to rape a female cyclist nearby, leading Betti and the police close to in on them. They demand a large sum of cash and a getaway car, executing one child in the process. The child's mother, Anna, confronts Betti and blames him for her son's death. All other kids are released except the last one, Betti then offers to take the child's place to secure her release. The criminals agree and blindfolds him and take him away in the getaway car instead.
Betti is dumped on the highway and sustained injuries, impressed by his bravery, Anna visits him in the hospital and apologizes for her earlier comments. Betti then begins to round up the syndicate members, first chasing two of them through a wet market. The two crooks flee, but Betti hijacks a car and goes after them. After a lengthy chase, Betti destroys their car and arrests them. Another crook was chased by Betti across the rooftops, the crook panics and shoots him, nearly making Betti fall off the building. They then climb down the scaffolding, the crook tries to hijack a nearby car but was T-boned by a speeding truck, killing him.
Betti then goes to the syndicate headquarters, the local sailors' club in Turin. The criminals there set him up by having one of them shoot him. When Betti retaliates in self-defense, the criminals coming to aid the dead crook kicks away his gun and plays the victim card, framing Betti. Betti is then placed under arrest and is awaiting trial.
Anna visits Betti in detention and gives him courage. During a pre-engineered prison riot, the arrested syndicate members also in detention climbs over the wall to solitary confinement and tries to kill Betti, but was beaten down. With enough evidence against the syndicates, Betti had his charges dropped and was reinstated.
Betti and the police plan a major assault on the sailors' club. Leading to the death of many crooks, one of them escapes in a detective car, running over Ferrari in the process. Betti gives chase but was blocked by a piece of damaged scaffolding.
The boss of the syndicate prepares a meeting to consider the situation, but was run over by a biker gang as he prepares to board his limo. He was taken to a private hospital. Upon hearing the police are on their way, he escapes through a broken window and hails a taxi, with Betti following him. Being stalked at every turn and their arrests imminent, the remaining criminals gathers at the airport and prepares to flee Italy, with Betti watching their every move in a nearby car.
As revenge for taking down their operations, the syndicate orders a hit on Betti. While on a date with Anna, Betti was gunned down in a hail of bullets from a drive-by thus ending the trilogy story of Commissar Betti. However his death was not present in all versions of the film, leaving doubts on which ending is canon.

</doc>
<doc id="36525914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525914" title="Jack Badcock (naturalist)">
Jack Badcock (naturalist)

Jack Clement Badcock was an English historian, naturalist, columnist, writer and painter who lived in the village of Fleckney, Leicestershire.
For many years Badcock wrote a regular naturalist column for the Leicester Mercury newspaper and also produced a number of books on the subject, including 'In the Countryside of South Leicestershire' (1972) and "A Countryman's Calendar" (1973).
Badcock was also the first person to write a history of the village of Fleckney in 1951, and also wrote a fictional trilogy of books with a rustic theme entitled, 'The Truants' (1953), 'Waybent' (1954') and 'The Four-Acre' (1967).
In recent times, Badcock has been commemorated in his native village, with the naming of 'Badcock Way', at the entrance to the Saddington Grange Estate, on Saddington Road.

</doc>
<doc id="36525918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525918" title="Hutchence">
Hutchence

Hutchence is an English surname and rare male given name, originates from the Pre-Germanic, which was introduced into Britain by the Normans after the Conquest of 1066, meaning "heart, mind or, spirit". Variant spellings include: Hutchen, Hutchin, Huchin, Hutchens, Hutchins, Huchings, Hutchinges and the most common Hugh.
May refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36525929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525929" title="Polychrome brickwork">
Polychrome brickwork

Polychrome brickwork is a style of architectural brickwork which emerged in the 1860s which used of bricks of different colours (typically brown, cream and red) in patterned combination to highlight architectural features. It was often used to replicate the effect of quoining and also decorate around windows. Early examples featured banding, with later examples exhibiting complex diagonal, criss-cross and step patterns, in some cases even writing using bricks.
Use in Australia.
In Australia it was attributed to architect Joseph Reed, although he may have simply popularised it. The earliest modern example is Lisburn House in Dunedin, New Zealand. The style also emerged in England in the 1870s where examples of it can be seen in the work of William Butterfield (who incidentally collaborated with Joseph Reed on St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne). Although there are later examples, including the work of Watson Fothergill in Nottingham, however generally it failed to gain widespread acceptance in the United Kingdom.
Rare examples of its use can be found in Sydney, Brisbane, however it is most prevalent throughout Victoria, Australia and the most elaborate examples can be found in Melbourne from the period of the 1880s and 1890s. It was used extensively as a decorative element in "Melbourne style" terrace houses and workers cottages during the 1880s. Many such terraces were later rendered over to hide the polychrome, but some have later been restored to once again reveal the decorative brickwork. It was also used as a decorative in numerous school and church designs throughout Melbourne.
The art of polychrome brickwork was revived for several mock historical commercial buildings and homes in Australia in the 1990s due to its relative ease of application and faithful reproduction in comparison to other mock historical styles.
Examples.
Notable examples of its application include:

</doc>
<doc id="36525936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525936" title="1933–34 Western Football League">
1933–34 Western Football League

The 1933–34 season was the 37th in the history of the Western Football League.
The Division One champions for the first time in their history were Bath City. The winners of Division Two were Weymouth. There was again no promotion or relegation between the two divisions this season. The original Taunton Town club (not the current incarnation) became the first club in the history of the Western League to complete a season and lose all their games. The club disbanded after the end of the season.
Final tables.
Division One.
After Bristol City Reserves and Cardiff City Reserves left the league, Division One was reduced from nine to seven clubs, with no new clubs joining.
Division Two.
Division Two remained at eighteen clubs with no clubs leaving or joining.
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up to and including the 1976–77 season.
2 The points system: 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and 0 points for losing.

</doc>
<doc id="36525942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525942" title="Ines Brodmann">
Ines Brodmann

Ines Brodmann is a Swiss orienteering competitor and world champion. She won a gold medal in the relay at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships in Lausanne, together with Judith Wyder and Simone Niggli-Luder.

</doc>
<doc id="36525948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525948" title="Donna Howard">
Donna Howard

Donna Howard (born October 25, 1951) is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives, representing the 48th District since her election in 2006. She currently serves as vice chairman of the House Administration Committee and also serves on the Appropriations Committee, the Higher Education Committee, and the Appropriations Sub-Committees on Article III and on Budget Transparency and Reform.
Early Life, Education, and Early Career.
Howard was born in Austin, Texas. She graduated from Reagan High School in Austin before moving on to the University of Texas at Austin, where she earned a B.A in Nursing in 1974 and an M.A. in Health Administration in 1977.
Howard worked as a critical-care nurse at Brackenrige Hospital and Seton Hospital in Austin. While at Seton, she helped start the Good Health program and served as District 5 President of the Texas Nurse's Association. Howard also served on the University of Texas faculty as a Health Education instructor.
Political career.
From 1996-1999, Howard served on the Eanes Independent School District school board.
On February 14, 2006, Howard defeated Republican Ben Bentzin in a special election runoff to replace Todd Baxter.
In the 2006 general election, Howard was again to face Bentzin, but Bentzin ultimately withdrew from the race, which Howard won by a wide margin.
Howard retained her seat in 2008, defeating Republican Pamela Waggoner.
In 2009, the Texas Association of Deans and Directors of Professional Nursing Programs honored Howard with its Champion for Nursing Education Award.
In 2010, Howard narrowly defeated former Texas Longhorn and Denver Broncos player Dan Neil. On election day, the Secretary of State of Texas certified Howard as the winner by 16 votes. Following a recount requested by Neil, the Secretary of State found Howard to still be the winner, though by only 12 votes. Neil then requested that the election be investigated by the House of Representatives. After a four-day hearing headed up by Representative Will Hartnett, Howard was found to have won the election by 4 votes and Neil ultimately dropped the contest.
In 2011, Howard was the recipient of the 2011 Dr. Dorothy J. Lovett Distinguished Alumni Award from the University of Texas School of Nursing and was inducted in the University of Texas College of Education Hall of Honor.
Election history.
Election history of Howard.

</doc>
<doc id="36525950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525950" title="Outwitting Trolls">
Outwitting Trolls

Outwitting Trolls is a murder mystery written by William G. Tapply that takes place in Boston. This is the last book in the Brady Coyne series published after Tapply’s death. Coyne, a lawyer, is retained by Sharon Nickels after discovering the body of her ex-husband Ken. Coyne, a former neighbor and friend, assists Sharon who is accused of stabbing Ken in a hotel room.

</doc>
<doc id="36525953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525953" title="Disconto-Gesellschaft">
Disconto-Gesellschaft

The Disconto-Gesellschaft (full name: Direction der Disconto-Gesellschaft), with headquarters in Berlin, was founded in 1851. It was, until its 1929 merger into Deutsche Bank, one of the largest German banking organizations.
History.
It was founded in 1851 as a “credit partnership,” and in 1856 was changed into a limited liability, joint stock company under the name of “Direktion der Disconto-Gesellschaft,” with a capital of 30,000,000 marks. Its founder was David Hansemann, later Prussian Minister of Finance. Its purpose and earliest activities were in the fostering of current account business and the underwriting of German state and local loans and railway shares. In 1890, a branch was opened in London, from which time dated the institution's activities in overseas matters. In 1901, on the liquidation of the house of M. A. Rothschild & Sons of Frankfurt am Main, a branch was established in that city, connection being made with the Rothschild Syndicate, with which it has since been largely identified.
The interests formed with this group made the Disconto-Gesellschaft a prominent factor in the underwriting of many important national and railway loans, notably the state loans of Russia, Romania, China and Japan. In addition, in connection with other interests, it was instrumental in the financing of the Kamerun Railroad Company and the Great Venezuela Railway, both speculative enterprises, and the latter eventually of great financial annoyance.
As a national factor, the Disconto-Gesellschaft lent its greatest support to industry through the promotion and financing of enterprises for the development of Germany's natural resources: the mining of coal and metals, smelting, iron and steel, potash, shipbuilding, electrical development, railways, fire and life insurance, etc. It assisted in the underwriting of the 10,000,000 thaler (30,000,000 marks) 5 per cent loan for the Krupp Works, in 1874 — the first instance in Germany of the issue of fractional form bonds secured by blanket mortgage and providing for common representation of the holders of these bonds.
Beginning in 1881, Disconto-Gesellschaft established or participated in the establishment of 15 important banking institutions, having 87 branches, scattered throughout Europe, Asia, South Pacific, South America and Africa; and through communities of interest, it had banking connections in Hamburg, Leipzig, Bremen, Mannheim and Geestmunde, these latter having 51 branches and numerous other agencies throughout the German Empire. In 1914 it absorbed the A. Schaaffhausen'scher Bankverein, this latter still retaining its name and clientele. Close relations were established with other important financial and industrial institutions, its directorate having (1908) representation on the boards of 92 corporations. The capital for the same year was 170,000,000 marks; surplus, 57,592,611 marks; and annual dividend, 8 per cent. The total capital power of the Disconto-Gesellschaft group amounted to 564,747,329 marks, of which 437,786,200 marks represented capital and 126,981,129 marks surplus.

</doc>
<doc id="36525977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36525977" title="Henry Vernon (died 1569)">
Henry Vernon (died 1569)

Henry Vernon (by 1523–1569), of Sudbury, Derbyshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lichfield in April 1554 and for Derbyshire in November 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36526011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526011" title="Phil Simon">
Phil Simon

Phil Simon is an American speaker, journalist, and author. He writes about management, social media, technology, publishing, disruption, and information management.
Education.
Simon studied economics and political science at Carnegie Mellon University and labor relations at Cornell University.
Bibliography.
He has written five management books: 
On June 6, 2013, Simon announced that his next book will be titled "The Visual Organization: Data Visualization, Big Data, and the Quest for Better Decisions" (John Wiley & Sons, March 2014).
In addition, he served as editor for the 2011 book, "101 Lightbulb Moments in Data Management: Tales from the Data Roundtable." Seth Godin featured Simon's work in his 2011 e-book "Tales of the Revolution: True Stories of People who are Poking the Box and Making a Difference".
His work has been featured in "Fast Company", the "New York Times", "Inc." Magazine, CNN, Harvard Business Review "The Huffington Post", and many other sites.
Awards.
In 2012, he received a 2011 Axiom best business technology book award for "The Age of the Platform: How Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Google Have Redefined Business". Simon announced in April 2012 that "The Age of the Platform" would be translated into Korean in late 2012.
Views.
Simon believes that the platform represents a fundamentally new business model—the most important one of the 21st century. Specifically, APIs and SDKs are enabling developers to build mobile apps and web services faster and on a much greater scale than ever. The most successful companies of the day—e.g., Amazon.com, Apple Inc., Facebook, and Google—no longer focus on one line of business. Rather, they quickly and frequently add adjacent offerings, products, and services—i.e., "planks."
Through increasingly powerful ecosystems, companies today are externalizing a great deal of their innovation and evolving at rapid speeds. What's more, emerging platforms like Twitter, Kickstarter, Force.com, WordPress, Udemy, and scores of others are redefining business in tectonic ways that we have only begun to understand.
Simon's belief in the power of platforms is supported by the extensive economic research of people like Marshall Van Alstyne.

</doc>
<doc id="36526017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526017" title="Jan Šedivý">
Jan Šedivý

Jan Šedivý is a Czech orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the relay at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships in Lausanne, together with Tomáš Dlabaja and Jan Procházka.

</doc>
<doc id="36526021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526021" title="John N and Melba S Anderson Memorial Conservation Area">
John N and Melba S Anderson Memorial Conservation Area

John N and Melba S Anderson Memorial Conservation Area consists of in Crawford County, Missouri. It is located southeast of the town of Steelville and northwest of Cherryville. 
Anderson Conservation Area is forested and does not include any trails. The area is open to hunting with the appropriate permit during hunting seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="36526026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526026" title="West Indian cricket team in Bangladesh in 2012–13">
West Indian cricket team in Bangladesh in 2012–13

The West Indies cricket team toured Bangladesh in November and December 2012. The tour consisted of one Twenty20 (T20), two matches and five One Day Internationals (ODIs). This series will see the first Test Match being held at the Sheikh Abu Naser Stadium, Khulna. At the First Test in Dhaka, West Indian batsman Chris Gayle became the first player to hit a six off the first ball in a Test cricket match.
Venues.
All matches will be played at the following three grounds:
Squads.
Bangladesh:
Media coverage.
ESPN also webcast Channel 9's coverage of the entire series live through their WatchESPN application, and have archived it for on-demand replay.

</doc>
<doc id="36526032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526032" title="John Taylor (by 1493–1547 or later)">
John Taylor (by 1493–1547 or later)

John Taylor (by 1493-1547 or later), of Hastings, Sussex, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Hastings in 1529 and 1536.

</doc>
<doc id="36526048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526048" title="Stopping house">
Stopping house

A stopping house was a kind of rural rental accommodation used in Western North America during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries by fur traders and pioneers.
A stopping house was essentially a private residence that also offered room and board, and were located on early pioneer trails. They were similar to the coaching inns of Britain and Ireland except that they were not located on well-traveled routes, but on frontier tracks. Eventually, however, scheduled stagecoach services were started in the West.
Stopping houses often became the nucleus of newly formed communities. They generally disappeared after the railway or highway reached an area, and were replaced with railway hotels and motor hotels in the twentieth century.
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="36526062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526062" title="Reich &amp; Tang Asset Management">
Reich &amp; Tang Asset Management

Reich & Tang Asset Management, LLC. (also known as Reich & Tang) is an investment management firm based in New York City that provides deposit, liquidity, and cash management services to banks, broker-dealers, and institutions. With a singular focus across multiple business channels, the firm has become one of the largest companies in the United States dedicated solely to liquidity and cash management. An early pioneer in the money fund industry, Reich & Tang is currently the third longest operating money market mutual fund sponsor in the world. Reich & Tang went public in 1987 and is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Natixis Global Asset Management, S.A., whose parent company is Natixis.
History.
Reich & Tang Inc. was founded as an investment management firm in 1970 by Joe Reich and Oscar Tang, both former heads of research at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. Originally covering equity accounts, Reich & Tang entered the money market mutual fund space in 1974 with the creation of the Daily Income Fund. The firm, which began trading on the New York Stock Exchange as Reich & Tang L.P. in 1987, merged with The New England Investment Companies in 1993 and was bought as part of Nvest L.P. by CDC Asset Management in 2000, which became Natixis in 2006.
Today.
Reich & Tang Asset Management, LLC. is a cash and liquidity specialist with expertise in the investment management of money market mutual funds and separately managed accounts. The firm also provides total balance sheet management and funding solutions for community banks and many of the world's largest banking institutions. The firm's extensive network of bank clients enables it to be a market leader in the administration of expanded programs insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, typically offered through banks, broker-dealers, and clearing firms. The firm's subsidiaries include Reich & Tang Distributors, Inc., Reich & Tang Services, Inc., and Reich & Tang Deposit Solutions, LLC., and together with Reich & Tang Asset Management, LLC., they are collectively known as Reich & Tang.

</doc>
<doc id="36526068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526068" title="Henry Gower">
Henry Gower

Henry Gower (aka Henry de Gower) was a medieval canonist, college Fellow, university Chancellor, and bishop.
Gower was a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford in England and Chancellor of the University of Oxford during 1322–24. He was a Professor of Canon law. He was briefly Archdeacon of St David's before becoming Bishop of St David's in Wales from 1328–47.

</doc>
<doc id="36526072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526072" title="Jan Procházka">
Jan Procházka

Jan Procházka is a Czech orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the relay at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships in Lausanne, together with Tomáš Dlabaja and Jan Šedivý.

</doc>
<doc id="36526076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526076" title="Stained Glass Scarlet">
Stained Glass Scarlet

Stained Glass Scarlet (real name Scarlet Fasinera) is a fictional character appearing in the Marvel Comics universe created by Doug Moench, Bill Sienkiewicz, and Jim Shooter.
Publication history.
Scarlet made her debut in December 1981 in "Moon Knight" #14.
She appeared in "Marc Spector: Moon Knight" #26 (May 1991), "Marc Spector: Moon Knight" #30 (September 1991), "All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe" #10 (October 2006), and "Civil War Battle Damage Report" #1 (March 2007). 
She also appeared in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe" A-Z #11 (January 2010).
Fictional character biography.
Stained Glass Scarlet is an ex-nun who became a vigilante after being forced to kill her criminal son. Scarlet was trained in combat when she became a prison guard in a women's prison. 
Abused by her father, Scarlet had an unhappy childhood. One evening when she had had enough of it, she killed her father, by lighting his bed with a cigarette. His death was considered an accident and she was sent to live with her uncle and aunt, where her living conditions were improved. 
Later in life, she met and married Vince Fasinera, a small-time criminal, believing that she could save him from himself. She was wrong, and he simply mistreated her, much like her father had. Despite this, they had a child together, Joseph, though Vince wanted nothing to do with him. Vince later died, gunned down on the steps of a church, and their son turned to a life of crime himself. Later to be called Joseph "Mad Dog" Fasinera.
When he escaped prison, Scarlet took it upon herself to save her son from his life of crime, but in the end she was forced to kill him. Scarlet turned into a vigilante and started hunting down all the criminals who had ever had a hand to play in her son's turning to crime. Moon Knight tried to stop her, by ended up letting her escape.
Scarlet Redemption.
Scarlet returns and haunts the streets of Brooklyn armed with her crossbow. She finds Bertrand Crawley and, recognizing him as a friend of Marc Spector (or Jake Lockley), fires a crossbow bolt into his shoulder. Crawley runs off and falls through the glass front door of Gena's Diner. Scarlet follows after him, firing several more shots into the diner. She pitches Gena Landers through a window then fires a shot into the oven's gas lines, causing the entire building to explode. Scarlet returns to the church where she lives, confident that her "sweet angel" will come for her.
That evening, Marc stands before the Statue of Khonshu. He suddenly sees an image of Scarlet flash before his eyes. He knows that Scarlet is destined to come back into his life. He soon learns about the incident at Gena's Diner. He visits Gena and Crawley in the hospital and promises Gena that he will rebuild the diner. When he leaves the hospital and goes to the Bronx Memorial Cemetery, a group of nuns, all answering to Scarlet, emerge from the shadows and attack him. Scarlet appears and fires a crossbow bolt that tears a hole through Moon Knight's mask. As quickly as she came, she disappears again.
Scarlet later returned, having somehow formed a psychic link to Moon Knight. She was fighting inner demons, and began fire-bombing New York. Moon Knight caught up with her atop a bridge, but she jumped, and he was unable to find her in the waters below. It is unknown whether she survived or not.
Powers and abilities.
Scarlet does not have any apparent powers. However she has a mysterious psychic bond with Moon Knight. This psychic bond is not systematic. It appears when Stained Glass Scarlet thinks intensive at Moon Knight, he is receptive. It can appear in the form of dreams during which their thoughts intermingle and in this way they can briefly communicate together. This bond between Stained Glass Scarlet and Moon Knight could be due to an entity close to the Egyptian god of the moon, Khonshu, and reincarnated as Stained Glass Scarlet.
Scarlet is expert in martial art. She knows how to handle bayonets, guns and the crossbow like a pro with extremely accurate precision. 
External links.
Stained Glass Scarlet on Marvel Wikia

</doc>
<doc id="36526094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526094" title="Bellefontaine Conservation Area">
Bellefontaine Conservation Area

Bellefontaine Conservation Area consists of in St. Louis County, Missouri. It is located along Interstate 270 in Castle Point. 
Bellefontaine Conservation Area is primarily grassland and includes sections of forest and ponds open to fishing. The area was previously owned by the Missouri Department of Mental Health and was transferred to the Missouri Department of Conservation in 1995 because of the unique urban fishing opportunities it provides. 

</doc>
<doc id="36526104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526104" title="Golden Eagle Trail">
Golden Eagle Trail

The Golden Eagle Trail is a circuit trail located in Tiadaghton State Forest in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania.
The trail falls mostly within the boundaries of Wolf Run Wild Area,
one of 16 designated wild areas in the Pennsylvania state forest system. Constructed by the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and the Waterdale Youth Group, the trail is blazed in blue and is known for its many vistas overlooking Pine Creek Gorge.

</doc>
<doc id="36526116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526116" title="Norwegian Dance Critics Award">
Norwegian Dance Critics Award

The Norwegian Dance Critics Award ("Den norske Dansekritikerprisen" or "Kritikerprisen") is awarded by the Norwegian Critics' Association ("Norsk Kritikerlag") and has been awarded every year since 1977. For other Norwegian Critics Awards, see the Norwegian Literature Critics Award, which has been awarded every year since 1950, the Norwegian Theatre Critics Award, which has been awarded every year since 1939 (except 1940-45), and the Norwegian Music Critics Award, which has been awarded every year since 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36526133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526133" title="Bane in other media">
Bane in other media

Bane is a comic book character and Batman's adversary, but has appeared in several other forms of media. He has been portrayed by Robert Swenson in "Batman & Robin" and Tom Hardy in "The Dark Knight Rises". Henry Silva, Joaquim de Almeida, Ron Perlman, Clancy Brown, Michael Dorn, Danny Trejo, Héctor Elizondo, Carlos Alazraqui, Fred Tatasciore, Jason Liebrecht, Steven Blum and J.B. Blanc have all provided voice work for the character. Peter Marinker voices Bane in the radio adaption of "Batman: Knightfall".
Film.
"Batman and Robin" (1997).
Bane appears in the live-action film "Batman & Robin" (1997) as a minor villain portrayed by former WCW wrestler Robert "Jeep" Swenson (in his last film before his death). Antonio Diego (portrayed by Michael Reid MacKay) is an incarcerated serial killer who is transformed into "Bane" by mad scientist Dr. Jason Woodrue using an experimental drug called "Venom". He is an inarticulate thug who serves as the bodyguard/henchman of Poison Ivy. Bane is barely capable of speech, communicating mostly with growls and roars. He is as muscular, wears a slight variation of his classic mask, and still exhibits superhuman strength as the character in the comics he was named after. Bane is defeated when Robin and Batgirl kick the Venom tube in the back of his head and disconnect it from the rest of his body, which changes him back to his regular self. This character was one of many aspects of the film which received negative criticism from fans and critics alike.
"The Dark Knight Rises" (2012).
Bane appears in "The Dark Knight Rises", portrayed by Tom Hardy. Intending to portray the character as "more menacing" than the "Batman & Robin" incarnation, Hardy gained of muscle for the role, increasing his weight to . Prior to the film's release, Bane's voice received some criticism for being unintelligible due to his mask. Speaking to "Entertainment Weekly", Nolan said "I think when people see the film, things will come into focus. Bane is very complex and very interesting and when people see the finished film people will be very entertained by him." "We wanted a very physical monster. We wanted more of the Darth Vader, if you like, and that was very important in the story dynamics." Hardy himself also commented on the voice in another interview with "Entertainment Weekly", saying "It’s a risk, because we could be laughed at—or it could be very fresh and exciting," and that "The audience mustn’t be too concerned about the mumbly voice... As the film progresses, I think you’ll be able to tune to its setting." Hardy says the voice he developed had several influences, including Bane's intellect, Caribbean heritage, and Bartley Gorman.
He has been described as having "the physicality of a gorilla" and is shown to have substantial amounts of strength in certain instances throughout the film, such as punching holes in concrete pillars, ripping his wrists out of handcuffs, lifting Batman's armored body overhead and cracking his impact-resistant cowl.
Bane's backstory establishes that he was born and raised in a foreign penitentiary, a centuries-old pit where he spent most of his life incarcerated as a prisoner. There, he became the friend and protector of a young girl named Talia, who was also born in the Pit. After Talia's mother was killed by the prison's inmates, he protected her for several years until she finally escaped. While helping her escape, Bane is attacked and severely injured by the other inmates. Despite attempts by the prison's resident doctor to heal his injuries, Bane is left in a state of constant pain and, in lieu of his addiction to Venom in the comics, is forced to wear a mask which provides him with a constant stream of analgesic gas which keeps his pain "just below the threshold". Bane is then rescued by Talia's father, Ra's al Ghul, and recruited into the League of Shadows. However, Ra's eventually excommunicates him from the League for reminding him of the prison he left his wife to die in, and for Bane's platonic love for Talia. After the death of Ra's al Ghul, however, Bane rejoins the League, assuming control of the organization along with Talia. Six months before the main plot begins, Bane kidnaps Russian physicist Dr. Leonid Pavel and uses him to convert a stolen Wayne Enterprises fusion reactor into a bomb.
Bane sets to carry out the League's mission to destroy Gotham City, setting up base in the city's underground tunnels. Masquerading as an enforcer of John Daggett, a business rival of Bruce Wayne's, Bane bankrupts Bruce Wayne under Daggett's orders during a raid at the Stock Exchange, using Bruce's fingerprints that were stolen courtesy of Selina Kyle to verify fraudulent futures exchange trades. He then kills Daggett. Selina Kyle arranges for Batman to meet Bane, and then betrays him by trapping him in Bane's lair. Proclaiming himself the new leader of the League of Shadows, he breaks Batman's back and brings him to the penitentiary, where he reveals his plan: he will mentally torture Batman and Gotham for several months before detonating the bomb, destroying the city in an atomic blast. To this effect, Bane and his henchmen use multiple explosives to blow up all bridges, tunnels, and major roads and streets in and out of Gotham, effectively cutting the city off and its people from the rest of the world. Broadcasting that he wants to liberate Gotham from the corrupt and wealthy elite, Bane releases the prisoners of Blackgate Penitentiary while exposing Harvey Dent's crimes as Two-Face and the subsequent cover-up. Near the end of the film, Bane discovers that Bruce has escaped and come back to the city as Batman; he orders his gang to prepare for battle. Later, Bane and his forces have an all-out brawl with the rescued police force. Batman fights Bane and breaks his mask, cutting off his supply of painkillers and rendering him helpless. Talia — who had been masquerading as Wayne Enterprises CEO Miranda Tate — intervenes by stabbing Batman. She fixes Bane's mask and then leaves to detonate the bomb. Bane recovers and prepares to execute Batman, when Selina appears and fires the Batpod's cannons at Bane, killing him.
Animation.
Animated Television.
DC Animated Universe.
Bane made his animated debut in the "" episode "Bane" voiced by Henry Silva with a strong South-American accent. Even though producers were reluctant to use him as they felt his comic incarnation was too gimmicky, this incarnation is an articulate professional assassin hired by crime boss Rupert Thorne to assassinate Batman. Bane accepts the job, as he believes defeating Batman will cement his reputation within the underworld and help him take over Thorne's criminal empire. Batman discovers that prior to becoming an assassin, Bane had been interred at a prison in Cuba where he was experimented (Project: Gilgamesh) upon with the strength-enhancing Venom chemical. During the climactic battle, Bane attempts to break Batman's back, but Batman causes Bane's Venom pump module to malfunction with one of his batarangs, resulting in a rapid and uncontrollable feed of the drug which severely increases his heart rate. Batman then disabled the pump module, stopping the flow of Venom and causing Bane to pass out.
Bane returns in "The New Batman Adventures" episode "Over the Edge" with Henry Silva reprises his role, now sporting a more toned down accent since his first appearance. After Batgirl is killed, Commissioner Gordon grants Bane early release from prison in exchange for assistance in apprehending Batman as he blames the Dark Knight for his daughter's death. Bane and Batman fight on the rooftops of Gotham. The fight ends on the top of the GCPD headquarters with Bane preparing to kill Batman. When Gordon tries to stop him, Bane quickly turns on him. Before Bane can kill Gordon, Batman cuts Bane's Venom tube and attaches it to the broken Bat-Signal which delivers a severe electrical shock. While Batman reaches over the roof's edge to save Gordon, Bane uses the last of his strength to knock them over the side with the Bat-signal before collapsing. It is revealed that the entire episode was merely Batgirl's nightmare induced by the Scarecrow's fear toxin.
Bane also appears in the "" episode "Knight Time" with Henry Silva reprising his role. When Batman mysteriously disappears and Superman poses as the Dark Knight, Superman and Robin's investigation leds to an encounter with Riddler, Mad Hatter and Bane as the three were conspiring to take over Gotham. When Bane gets into a fistfight with "Batman", the fight ends with Bane being pummeled by "Batman".
Bane makes a cameo appearance in the "Batman Beyond" episode "The Winning Edge". When "slappers" (an influx of Venom-fueled in patch form) are distributed hits the streets of the future Gotham, the new Batman suspects that Bane is the supplier and tracks him down. But when he finds Bane, Batman learns that a lifetime of Venom usage has taken its toll on the once formidable villain and that's he's now a frail old man using a wheelchair and reliant on an oxygen tank and the support of a nurse due to years of substance abuse. But Batman eventually discovers the nurse/caretaker 
Jackson Chappell (voiced by Larry Drake), having been trusted with the Venom recipe by Bane when he became too addicted to the drug to even operate normally without it, had been selling the Venom for himself. After revealing that he mass-produces and sells the slappers to children for a profit, Jackson induces himself with his Venom patches to bulk himself up to defeat Batman, only to be exposed to more patches full of Venom. As a result, Chappell is left brain-dead from the overdose. Bane has no speaking role in this episode.
Bane appears in the direct-to-video animated movie "" (2003) voiced by Héctor Elizondo. In this film, Bane is once again hired by Rupert Thorne along with the Penguin and Carlton Duquesne. This time, he is hired as an enforcer for the Penguin's operations but demands full control for himself when arriving and reassures them he will kill Batwoman. He captures her aboard Penguin's yacht, revealing herself as Kathy Duquesne, Carlton's rebellious daughter. Towards the end of the film, Bane falls into a pit of fire during a fight with Batman aboard the burning yacht and is presumed killed (although his chronologically subsequent appearance in "Batman Beyond" makes it clear if he survived).
"The Batman".
A different incarnation of Bane is depicted in "The Batman" voiced by Joaquim de Almeida in "Traction", Ron Perlman in "Team Penguin", and Clancy Brown in "The Batman/Superman Story (Part 1)". This version is a South American mercenary who pumps Venom into his veins, which transforms him into a huge hulking brute with red skin. In the episode "Traction", Bane is hired by three crime bosses to eliminate Batman. Though he manages to injure Batman, Bane is later defeated by Batman using the Bat-Bot. In the episode "Brawn", the Joker uses Bane's Venom to terrorize the city. The Batman and Batgirl take out Venom-Powered Joker with help from the Bat-Bot. In the episode "Team Penguin", Bane receives an invitation from Penguin to join up with him but is taken down by Batman, Robin and Batgirl before he can reply. In the episode "Rumors", Bane is later seen as one of the many supervillains captured by the vigilante Rumor. In the episode "The Batman/Superman Story", Bane is one of several villains hired by Lex Luthor to capture Superman, who eventually defeats him.
"Batman: The Brave and the Bold".
Bane appears in "" voiced by Michael Dorn. Much like his "Batman and Robin" incarnation, this version is physically frail before pumping himself with Venom. In the cold opening to the episode "Menace of the Conqueror Caveman!", Bane is found by Batman and Wildcat at a train station. Wildcat quickly mocks the supposed menace for his scrawny physique and asks why Batman needed his help for such a weakling. Bane then activates his Venom pump and soon towers over the crime fighters before knocking Batman out. Wildcat manages to defeat Bane by grabbing a Batarang and cutting Bane's Venom tubes, which fall onto train tracks and gives him an electric shock. In the episode "Night of the Batmen!", Bane along with Solomon Grundy, Killer Croc and Blockbuster try to topple a solid gold statue of Lady Justice in order to steal the rubble and sell it. Before they can accomplish this, Bane and his cohorts are defeated and captured by Captain Marvel. In the episode "Sidekicks Assemble!", Bane makes a brief, non-speaking cameo appearance as a holographic image of himself which serves as an opponent for Robin, Speedy and Aqualad during their training.
"Young Justice".
Bane appears in the "Young Justice" voiced by Danny Trejo. In the episode "Drop Zone", Bane is in a small war against the cult Kobra over the production of his drug Venom. Here after losing control over the Santa Prisca prison to the cult of Kobra he agreed to fight their champion Mammoth (who had been infused with a Venom/Blockbuster formula) to get it back. Later the Team infiltrated the island to discern the reason why all Venom shipments have been cut off yet Venom is still being produced at full level. Bane quickly meets up with the team and proposes an alliance, and with Miss Martian unable to read his mind because he is reciting Spanish football scores in his head to protect himself, they agree. Later Bane revealed that he only needed help to get his factory back, and with the team apparently unable to do that, he had decided to kill them and frame Kobra for their deaths, with the knowledge that the Justice League of America would come to Santa Prisca and finish off the Cult in retribution. He is then soundly trounced by the combined powers of Miss Martian's telekinesis and Superboy's super strength, and is last shown tied up as he watches his factory being burned to the ground during the team's fight with the Cult. In the episode "Usual Suspects", Bane allows Lex Luthor and Queen Bee to use Santa Prisca when meeting with Superboy, Artemis, and Miss Martian. He joins the other villains into attacking the Team and is defeated when Robin disconnects the tube that feeds Bane his Venom drug, and then electrocutes him through the point where it was attached.
"South Park".
Bane was parodied in Comedy Central's sitcom "South Park" in the episode "Insecurity" where several of the characters disguise themselves (such as Eric Cartman and Randy Marsh) as Bane to mob the UPS man. The mask itself was altered before the episode premiered.
Animated films.
"Superman/Batman: Public Enemies".
Bane appears in the animated movie "" but has no dialogue and merely grunts. Along with several supervillains, Bane tried to collect the billion-dollar bounty on Superman. He briefly fights Batman but was defeated when Batman used his batarang to cut his Venom tube and knock him out with a single kick.
"Justice League: Doom".
Bane appears in "" voiced by Carlos Alazraqui. He is the first member of the Legion of Doom to be introduced, trekking through Slaughter Swamp to the Hall of Doom before being attacked by a giant alligator. He is dragged underwater, but manages to free himself and break the beast's neck. He meets Metallo, Star Sapphire, Ma'alefa'ak and Cheetah on the way to the Hall of Doom before they are invited in. Bane is chosen by Vandal Savage to kill Batman. He does so by stealing his parents' graves and informing Bruce Wayne of their disappearance, disguising himself as a worker at the graveyard. He then knocks out Bruce before putting him in one of his parents' coffins and burying him alive but Bruce manages to dig himself out and is the first League member to escape his death trap and manages to save his fellow League members. Bane stays with Savage after he revealed his true plans and faces off against Batman when the Justice League storms the Hall of Doom. Despite overpowering Batman early on, the Dark Knight manages to defeat Bane by cutting his Venom tube.
"Teen Titans Go!".
The version of Bane featured in "The Dark Knight Rises" makes a cameo appearance in "Teen Titans Go!".
Video games.
"Batman & Robin".
Bane is a boss character in the "Batman & Robin" video game adaptation (1997), and "" (2001).
"Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu".
In "", Héctor Elizondo reprised his role as Bane.
"Lego Batman" series.
"Lego Batman: The Videogame".
Bane also appears in "" with vocal effects by Fred Tatasciore. He is an enemy of Batman and a follower of the Penguin. Ben of "Game Informer" writes that "this game is filled with cool playable characters... Nightwing, Joker, Killer Croc, Bane, Catwoman, and Man-Bat only scratch the surface of the game's catalog of great characters." He is a playable character and has super strength, toxic immunity, and a special "back breaker" move. The player can gain an achievement on the Xbox 360 version of the game if the player, as Bane, uses the back breaker move on Batman, the player's human- or computer-controlled partner (a reference to the Knightfall storyarc).
"DC Super Heroes".
Bane appears in "" voiced by Steven Blum.
"Batman: Arkham" series.
"Batman: Arkham Asylum".
Bane is featured in the 2009 video game "" with Fred Tatasciore reprising his role. He is being used as a human test subject in the Medical Facility, and the Venom has been drained from his system, along with his muscles. After Batman rescues Commissioner Gordon, the pair discovers Bane strung up to several test tubes as he begs to be cut down. As Bane reveals that Dr. Penelope Young was behind this experiment, the Joker appears on a security monitor and pumps the Venom into Bane's body with a remote switch stating that Dr. Young will be eliminated by someone else. Enraged, Bane attacks Batman, who manages to defeat him by tearing the pumps from Bane's body, who then is seemingly crushed by the collapsing roof. He later charges out from the wall in a frenzy, but is hit by the Batmobile and sent into the river. Bane's character biography is unlocked by examining his teddy bear located in a room before the player enters the chamber to rescue Gordon from Harley Quinn. Bane's attack allows Harley to evade capture for the time being. His presence is explained with the discovery that Dr. Young was using Venom to develop the Titan formula (an enhanced version of Venom that triggers a Bane-like transformation without the need for the tank that Bane requires for the same purpose) when she worked for "Jack White" (one of Joker's aliases).
"Batman: Arkham City".
Bane makes an appearance in "" voiced once again by Fred Tatasciore. He forges a fragile alliance with Batman to destroy canisters of Titan/Venom extracts stored around Arkham City. The two initially work together in fighting off Hugo Strange's Tyger private security force, but Bane reveals shortly that he was only using Batman as a tool to gather as much of the Titan formula as possible for his own use. Predicting this, Batman has Bane trapped so he can destroy the gathered Titan tanks without interference.
"Batman: Arkham Origins".
A younger, pre-TITAN, Bane (voiced by J.B. Blanc) appears in "" as one of the eight assassins hired by The Joker to kill Batman, and is the final boss of the game. This version
resembles more his comic book appearance than his incarnation in the previous "Arkham" games, showcasing his intelligence and his addiction to Venom. He also plays a much bigger role than in past games.
He first appears at the meeting between Electrocutioner, Firefly and Black Mask - in actuality the Joker - at the Royal Hotel; he chooses to remain behind after the meeting ends, knowing that Batman would be coming for the Joker. His mercenaries take control of the floors of the Hotel closest to Joker's penthouse, killing the men Joker had left to guard the rooms in the process. After they are defeated Batman takes the elevator to the penthouse suite, hiding on the elevator roof to avoid detection. Bane easily discovers the ruse and beats him down before leaving him with the Joker for a meeting after the Joker threatens to blow up the Hotel. Before the two can finish talking, Bane interrupts the meeting and attacks Batman throughout the hotel, culminating in a Venom-powered brawl on the rooftops before police helicopters arrive. Bane's mercenaries shoot down the police copters and fire a missile at the Joker before Bane flees to his hideout. Batman saves Joker and leaves him for the police before tracking Bane down using a tracer, finding tapes on a new strain of Venom which would ease his addiction and remove the need for a storage tank (a Titan precursor), as well as evidence that Bane knows that Batman is Bruce Wayne. Batman destroys the computers containing the evidence, but is forced to stop Firefly after he takes a bridge hostage before heading home to ward off Bane. This gives Bane time to attack Alfred Pennyworth, destroy the Batcave, and send Batman a video message taunting him. He later joins up with the Joker during his riot at Blackgate, facing Batman a second time in a fight to the death. If Batman doesn't kill Bane, the beating of Bane's heart will power an electric chair that will kill both the Joker and Captain Gordon. Batman triumphs over Bane by using the Electrocutioner's gloves to stop Bane's heart and then revive him once the heart monitor is gone. In retaliation, Bane injects himself with an imperfect Titan prototype, turning him into the hulking monster seen in earlier games. Batman eventually defeats Bane and electrocutes him, whereupon he loses all memory of Batman's secret identity as a side-effect of the drug and is apprehended by the police.
"Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate".
Bane makes another appearance towards the end of "", though he has no in-game dialogues. Having been incarcerated for 3 months since the events of "Arkham Origins", Bane's body grew weaker and weaker, leaving him in a pale, skinny state.
After Batman manages to defeat Joker, Penguin and Black Mask at Blackgate Prison, he proceeds to the Arkham Wing where he finds Bane sealed in a container. Catwoman reveals to him that she was hired to break Bane out of prison, and that there was never any prisoners kept here. She also reveals that there were bombs set up around the prison, forcing Batman to let her and Bane go. However, they turn out to be a diversion. Batman finally catches up to Catwoman and defeats her. At the same time, a SWAT team led by Captain Rick Flag arrives and detains Catwoman. Batman intends to go after Bane next, but Flag stops him, saying that they had already captured him before he could escape. Later, it is revealed that Amanda Waller was the one who hired Catwoman to break Bane out.
"DC Universe Online".
Bane is featured in "DC Universe Online" voiced by E. Jason Liebrecht. He has been supplying a new type of Venom throughout Gotham City with his hideout being the Cape Carmine Lighthouse. If the player takes the hero campaign, he/she will be assisted by Nightwing. If the player takes the villain campaign, he/she will be assisted by Killer Croc. Bane's henchmen are referred to as Hoppers, Juicers, Lieutenants, Muscles, Razors, Retaliators, Splints, Street Soldiers, Strongmen, Venomized Dogs, Envenomed Hoppers, Envenomed Guard Dogs, Envenomed Juicers, Envenomed Lieutenants, Envenomed Retaliators, Envenomed Street Soldiers, Envenomed Strongmen, and Venom Supplier Diego. In the Last Laugh DLC pack, Hero players may encounter Bane once again in the Shady Nightclub duo, an instance that generates three random Villains (others being the Ultra Humanite, Killer Croc, Killer Frost or Parasite). In this instance, his voice acting receives a little addition: he speaks in Spanish when the players attack him, saying "Madre de Dios" (mother of God) and "Basta!" (enough!). Bane can also be unlocked to use in Player Versus Player Legends matches, using a strong Brawling fight style. If a player using Bane defeats an enemy player using Batman, the player will get a feat called Breaking the Bat.
"Young Justice: Legacy".
Bane appears as a boss for "", voiced by Nolan North. During the Team's mission in Santa Prisca, he aids Lex Luthor and Black Manta in containing a piece of an ancient statue. Bane confronts the Team, taunting Aqualad about his mentor's possible death before fighting him.
"The Dark Knight Rises" App.
Bane makes several appearances in the iPad and iPhone game app released to coincide with "The Dark Knight Rises". In this version, Bane has a shaved head instead of being completely bald and wields a shoulder-holstered handgun. Bane confronts Batman in the armory instead of the sewers, and beats him nearly to death, but does not break his back. Bane and his mercenaries attack civilians and set bombs on buildings on Bane's orders.
"Injustice: Gods Among Us".
Bane appears as a playable fighter in "" with Fred Tatasciore reprising his role once more. His "Prime" universe incarnation is first seen with Catwoman, Solomon Grundy and Lex Luthor fighting Nightwing, Raven and Cyborg aboard the Watchtower until he is defeated by Batman. Later on, his One-Earth dimension incarnation is seen as one of the Regime forces in the assault on the Insurgency headquarters that fights Wonder Woman until she is teleported to Themyscira by Ares and is later knocked out by the "Prime" Batman and Insurgency Batman. In Bane's single-player ending, after defeating the High Counciler Superman, Bane recruits Sinestro and Black Adam to assume control over Earth alongside him. However, this ruling triad would only continue until the next phase of Bane's plan.

</doc>
<doc id="36526135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526135" title="Dmytro Vynohradets">
Dmytro Vynohradets

Dmytro Vynohradets (born 25 May 1985) is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine. He competes in S3, SB2 (breaststroke) and SM3 (individual medley) events.
Career history.
Dmytro competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. He won gold in both 50m and 200m freestyle with world record times. In the 100m freestyle he finished second to Jianping Du who also set a new world record, Dmytro also finished third behind Jianpung who again broke the world record in the 50m backstroke.
, Vynohradets is IPC World Record holder in S3 50m and 100m freestyle events.

</doc>
<doc id="36526151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526151" title="Fearless (1978 film)">
Fearless (1978 film)

Poliziotto senza paura (internationally titled Fearless, "Fearless Fuzz", "Magnum Cop" and "Fatal Charm") is a 1978 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Stelvio Massi. The film is set in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="36526154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526154" title="Warrior Trail">
Warrior Trail

Warrior Trail predates the European settlement of Pennsylvania by several millennia. It follows a path used for 5,000 years by Native Americans going to Flint Ridge in Ohio for trading and conferencing. The route was first studied by professors at Waynesburg College in the 1930s. The path now carries Warrior Trail, offering a hike of great historical interest, as well as pastoral farm scenery and stunning rural vistas. This is not a wilderness trail and is not suitable for primitive backpacking, but it is unique for Pennsylvania, reminiscent more of a European countryside path than an eastern American forest trail.
Warrior Trail reaches from the Monongahela River at Greensboro to the Ohio River south of Moundsville, West Virginia. The total distance is , with in Pennsylvania. Marked with yellow blazes and red mileposts, the trail mostly follows an east-west course 5 to 6 miles north of the Pennsylvania-West Virginia border, along the ridges that form a divide between watersheds. There are no streams to ford along the trail's entire length. Three Adirondack-type shelters are spaced relatively evenly along the trail's distance in Pennsylvania. Warrior Trail is entirely on private property, and volunteers have worked very hard to maintain the cooperation of landowners. Please allow this advantageous situation to continue by respecting private property.
Warrior Trail Association has published a trail guide. To obtain a guide or for further information, contact Warrior Trail Association, P.O. Box 103, Waynesburg, PA 15370.

</doc>
<doc id="36526158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526158" title="Blanchette Landing Access">
Blanchette Landing Access

Blanchette Landing Access consists of in St. Charles County, Missouri. It is located in the city of St. Charles, and provides access to the Missouri River. 
The area consists of a boat launch, parking lot, pavilion, and restrooms. Fishing is permitted in the conservation area, and there are no designated trails. 

</doc>
<doc id="36526193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526193" title="Francisco Guerrero (killer)">
Francisco Guerrero (killer)

Francisco Guerrero Pérez (1840–1910), also known as Antonio Prida, was the first serial killer to be captured in Mexico. Guerrero killed approximately twenty female prostitutes in Mexico City between 1880 and 1888. He also killed one woman whose status as a prostitute has been inconsistently reported.
Guerrero and Jack the Ripper were contemporaries and their modus operandi were similar—some authors compare the two men. He was also known as ""El Chalequero"", ""The Mexican Bluebeard"", ""The Consulado River Strangler"", ""The Consulado River Ripper"", or the ""The Mexican Ripper"". He was an organized, sedentary, and missionary killer who was motivated by hatred.
Background.
Guerrero was born in 1840 in the Bajío region of Mexico to an impoverished family. He was an eleventh child whose childhood was marked by poverty, maternal abuse and paternal absence. In 1862, the twenty-two year-old migrated to Mexico City, where he worked for a shoemaker.
Guerrero never masked his misogyny, nor his crimes, but was married and had four children. He also had extramarital children and numerous relationships with female prostitutes. He may have been a procurer.
He lived in the Peralvillo neighborhood where he was open about his crimes—Guerrero was proud of his lifestyle as well as his murders. However, Guerrero's peers in Peralvillo were too afraid of him to act in response to the killing. Paradoxically, he was said to be a Catholic and a devotee of the Lady of Guadalupe, a faith that Guerrero proclaimed proudly to others. 
Guerrero dressed extravagantly but elegantly, with cashmere pants, a charro vest and a charro jacket. He was described by an anonymous source as a "...handsome, elegant, flirtatious and quarrelsome man".
There are two theories on the origin of the nickname ""Chalequero"". One says that it was simply because he always used vests, and the other postulates it was because the name ""Chalequero"" alludes to the Spanish expression ""... a puro chaleco"". This expression means that he made a sexual victim of any woman that he felt attracted to, whether they liked him or not.
Psychiatric profile.
Guerrero was psychopathic; he didn`t feel empathy or guilt and he had a parasitic lifestyle. He saw other persons as objects, had inflated self-esteem, suffered sudden anger attacks, was manipulative and promiscuous. However, he was charismatic. In the prison, he was described by the other prisoners as: ""a silent and quiet person, he cares about his appearance"". On one occasion, he wrote a letter to the prison director asking permission for his family to bring him a new pair of pants so that he could, in his words, "dress according to his education". He was never diagnosed, but his behavior and personality are characteristic of a personality disorder.
He saw the female gender as nothing more than a disposable conduit to sexual gratification. His crimes involved hate, showed extreme cruelty and were marked by perversions such as sexual mutilation. He violated his victims to show the superiority and power that, according to him, he held over the women. Almost all of his victims were prostitutes, but he didn't kill them because of their work; he killed them because they were vulnerable. According to him, ""...women had a duty to be faithful to their men, and female adultery should be punished with the death penalty.""
His personality disorder and misogyny are said to be related to his mother's rejection in childhood. It degenerated into an unresolved Oedipus complex. He projected feelings toward his mother onto his victims.
Criminal profile by Lombroso.
Based on Cesare Lombroso's theories, the police did a criminal profile by the killer. They rated him as a born criminal: the suspect was a man, illiterate, of low social status and subnormal intelligence; physically, he was a half-caste or American native, his facial features were very manly and almost simian and in his appearance he had notorious decadence features.
Carlos Romagnoc, one by the first Mexican criminologists, concluded that "Consulado River`s Ripper" was a born criminal:
Rogmanoc didn`t believe that he was motivated by sexual compulsion. And though he described him as a "born criminal", he believed that Guerrero was an organized killer.

</doc>
<doc id="36526205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526205" title="Local distribution company">
Local distribution company

A local distribution company, or LDC, is a distribution company that maintains the portion of the utility supply grid that is closest to the residential and small commercial consumer. There are many alternative terms depending on the type of utility and its location; in Ontario, Canada, the term is used for both the electrical grid and natural gas supply, while within the UK's National Grid they are known as Distribution network operators (DNOs).
LDCs normally buy their power from larger companies, sometimes ones dedicated solely to wholesale supply. They re-sell it to the smaller customer. Larger customers typically buy their power directly from the wholesaler, and do not use the LDC.

</doc>
<doc id="36526206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526206" title="Rikiya">
Rikiya

Rikiya (written: 力也) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36526229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526229" title="The Devil's Foot">
The Devil's Foot

"The Devil's Foot" is a 1921 British short film directed by Maurice Elvey.
Genre.
Mystery, Crime, Drama, Short

</doc>
<doc id="36526241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526241" title="Richard Browne (died 1604)">
Richard Browne (died 1604)

Sir Richard Browne (ca. 1538-1604), of Horsley, Essex and later of Sayes Court, Deptford, Kent, was an English politician.
He was a younger son of John Browne of Colchester, Essex and trained in the law at either the Inner or Middle Temple. He was knighted in 1603.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lichfield in 1584, Newtown (Isle of Wight) in 1593, Cirencester in 1601 and Harwich in 1604.
He accompanied the Earl of Leicester on his expedition to the Netherlands in 1585 as victualler of his forces. He was appointed the Clerk of the Green Cloth in 1588, was a clerk comptroller of the Household by 1596 and Master of the Household and cofferer from 1603 to his death. He was a Justice of the Peace of the quorum for Middlesex by 1600.
He married Joan, the daughter of John Vigors of Langham, Essex, and had at least one son, Christopher. They later lived at the 200 acre Sayes Court estate which he leased from the Crown. His grandson Richard was created a baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="36526247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526247" title="Studio Gokumi">
Studio Gokumi


</doc>
<doc id="36526249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526249" title="Omar Turro">
Omar Turro

Omar Turro is a paralympic athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category T12 sprint events.
Omar competed in two paralympic games, his first in 1992 led to a gold medal in the 400m, silver medal in the 100m and bronze in the 200m. His second games came twelve years later in 2004 where he competed in the 200m and 400m but was unable to make the final in either event.

</doc>
<doc id="36526253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526253" title="Oscar Pupo">
Oscar Pupo

Oscar Pupo is a paralympic athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category B1 400m and 800m events.
Oscar was part of the Cuban Paralympic team that travelled to Barcelona for the 1992 Summer Paralympics there he won a silver medal in the B1 400m, behind a world record time set by Carlos Conceicao of Portugal and won a gold medal in the B1 800m.

</doc>
<doc id="36526263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526263" title="Hanbali Mosque">
Hanbali Mosque

The Hanbali Mosque (also known as Hanabila Mosque) is a major mosque in central Nablus off of Jama'a Kabir Street south of Martyr's Square and west of the Great Mosque of Nablus. 
History.
The Hanbali Mosque was founded by the al-Hanbali family of Nablus in the early 16th-century, between 1526-27, and named after them. Ancient stone pillars with carved capitals were used during the mosque's construction. According to local Muslim tradition, the wooden box in the mosque preserves three hairs of Muhammad, the prophet of Islam. The box is brought out annually on the 27th day of Ramadan for worshipers to view and seek blessings from.
The minaret of the Hanbali Mosque was rebuilt in 1913. In the 1930s the imam of the mosque, Sheikh Muhammad Radi al-Hanbali maintained connections with the rebel leader Izz al-Din al-Qassam. The Hanbali family administers the mosque's affairs until the present day. During Jordanian rule in the West Bank following the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, it was one of the few mosques that maintained its own "zakat" committee which would control the collection and distribution of "zakat" funds throughout the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="36526266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526266" title="Astoria Wharf and Warehouse Company">
Astoria Wharf and Warehouse Company

The Astoria Wharf and Warehouse Company is a building located in Astoria, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36526269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526269" title="Larry Weir production discography">
Larry Weir production discography

Larry Anthony Weir (born 1952), is a managing editor and author at "New Music Weekly". An accomplished guitarist, composer, producer and promoter, Weir is most notable for his work with his brother Michael Damian and the popularity of his compositions for the movie "Teen Witch" (1989), which now enjoys cult following. A songwriter under both ASCAP and BMI, Weir has 395 BMI published works and an unknown number of ASCAP titles.
Charted singles.
Co-produced by Larry Weir, Michael Damian's cover of, David Essex' song, Rock On reached the #1 position on the Billboard magazine Hot 100 chart in 1989. 
Filmography.
"Dream a Little Dream Original Soundtrack" spent 10 weeks on the Billboard 200 and peaked at # 94. 

</doc>
<doc id="36526276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526276" title="Rite of Braga">
Rite of Braga

The Rite of Braga is a liturgical rite associated with the Archdiocese of Braga in Portugal.
The Rite of Braga belongs to the Roman family of liturgical rites and took shape within the Archdiocese of Braga between the 11th and 13th centuries. Being more than 200 years old at the time of Pope Pius V's papal bulls "Quod a nobis" of 9 July 1568 and "Quo primum" of 14 July 1570, the Rite of Braga was unaffected by the imposition of the Roman Rite throughout the Latin Church except where another rite of an antiquity of at least two centuries existed. However, the Roman Rite was increasingly adopted within the archdiocese and non-traditional elements were admitted into celebrations of the archdiocese's own rite.
In the 20th century an attempt was made by Archbishop Manuel Vieira de Matos with the approval of Pope Pius XI to expunge these accretions, to revise the texts and to make the rite obligatory within the archdiocese. However, after the Second Vatican the priests of the archdiocese, although they are authorized to use the Rite of Braga, have in general opted in practice to use the Roman Rite.
A particularity of the Rite of Braga is the recitation of the Ave Maria at the start of Mass and of the Salve Regina at the end.
The Rite of Braga was one of the liturgical rites whose variety within the one Latin Church Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger mentioned in a talk he gave on 24 October 1998 as showing that unity does not require liturgical uniformity.

</doc>
<doc id="36526279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526279" title="Edward Thomas (British Army officer)">
Edward Thomas (British Army officer)

Major Edward Thomas MC (15 April 1915 – 1999) was awarded a Military Cross in May 1941 for his actions at Halfaya Pass.
Early life.
Edward Thomas went to school at Emanuel School in London, England, after which he became a surveyor. He joined the Territorial Army and became an officer in the Norfolk Yeomanry.
World War II.
Halfaya Pass, Egypt was in British hands under a battalion of infantry and tanks. The Germans attacked on 26 May 1941 in great numbers, but the order to retreat was delayed. Thomas was ordered to the head of the pass with one gun and upon finding 260 Battery without officers he took command and arranged the evacuation of the wounded. He then encountered a further 100 men with no leaders from the Royal Indian Army Service Corps; taking over their trucks he drove the remaining survivors through a recently established German camp to safety. Upon reaching safety he was summoned to appear before General Erskine, believing his actions to be ordinary he feared a Court Martial for an accidental misdemeanour. His MC was therefore a great surprise.
He was later seconded to the Sudan Defence Force and remained in the Sudan and Abyssinia for the remainder of the war, rising to the temporary rank of Khamakam (Brigadier). His merit led to him administering large areas of Libya from Kufra Oasis, in which his fluency in Arabic came in useful.
Post war.
As the war drew to a close he was asked to stay on by both Emperor Haile Selassie and the King of Libya, but elected to return home to England and continue the development of the family property business which he did so successfully.
Later life.
Thomas later became a popular joint master of the Hampshire Hunt and a keen rider. The onset of bronchitis at the age of 60 encouraged him to settle in Spain with his wife, Ruth. He died in 1999 in France.
Family.
Thomas had two sons, David and Hugh Thomas, a former British olympian and now Badminton Horse Trials director and course designer.

</doc>
<doc id="36526280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526280" title="Ahatlar, Köşk">
Ahatlar, Köşk

Ahatlar is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 590 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526282" title="Bismarck Conservation Area">
Bismarck Conservation Area

Bismarck Conservation Area consists of southwest of Bismarck, Missouri. The area surrounds DiSalvo Lake. The lake was constructed in 1944 by Hanna Mining Company, and the Missouri Department of Conservation acquired the land from Hanna Mining Company in 1981. 
Bismarck Conservation Area includes a parking areas, boat ramp, two designated trails, and fishing dock. The area is open to hunting and fishing. 

</doc>
<doc id="36526283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526283" title="Robert Rensselaer Bartlett House">
Robert Rensselaer Bartlett House

The Robert Rensselaer Bartlett House is a house located in Astoria, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36526288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526288" title="Akçaköy, Köşk">
Akçaköy, Köşk

Akçaköy is a town in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 2,233 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526291" title="John of Monmouth (bishop)">
John of Monmouth (bishop)

John of Monmouth DD (aka John de Monemuta; died 1323) was a medieval university Chancellor and Bishop of Llandaff.
John of Monmouth was Chancellor of the University of Oxford in England during 1322–24. He was a Doctor of Divinity. He was later Bishop of Llandaff in Wales from 1297 to his death in 1323.

</doc>
<doc id="36526296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526296" title="Baklaköy, Köşk">
Baklaköy, Köşk

Baklaköy is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 303 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526299" title="Kawamae">
Kawamae

Kawamae (written: 川前 lit. "in front of the river") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36526300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526300" title="Başçayır, Köşk">
Başçayır, Köşk

Başçayır is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1614 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526304" title="Pulvinula cinnabarina">
Pulvinula cinnabarina

Pulvinula cinnabarina is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae. This is a European fungus of sandy soils, sometimes occurring at fire sites. The small (up to 1 cm across) orange, cushion-shaped ascocarps appear in summer and early autumn.

</doc>
<doc id="36526305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526305" title="Beyköy, Köşk">
Beyköy, Köşk

Beyköy is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 817 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526307" title="John N. Griffin House">
John N. Griffin House

The John N. Griffin House is a house located in Astoria, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36526308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526308" title="Cumadere, Köşk">
Cumadere, Köşk

Cumadere is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 211 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526310" title="Cumayanı, Köşk">
Cumayanı, Köşk

Cumayanı is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 563 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526315" title="Çiftlikköy, Köşk">
Çiftlikköy, Köşk

Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1626 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526317" title="Gökkiriş, Köşk">
Gökkiriş, Köşk

Gökkiriş, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 801 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526320" title="Gündoğan, Köşk">
Gündoğan, Köşk

Gündoğan, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 109 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526322" title="Güzelköy, Köşk">
Güzelköy, Köşk

Güzelköy, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 303 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526325" title="Christian Leinenweber House">
Christian Leinenweber House

The Christian Leinenweber House is a house located in Astoria, Oregon, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1874 by a local businessman named Christian Leinenweber. It is also known as the Otto Gramms House; Gramms and his family owned it from 1916 to 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36526326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526326" title="Ilıdağ, Köşk">
Ilıdağ, Köşk

Ilıdağ, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1658 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526331" title="Karatepe, Köşk">
Karatepe, Köşk

Karatepe, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 412 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526335" title="Ketenyeri, Köşk">
Ketenyeri, Köşk

Ketenyeri, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 331 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526337" title="Julius Goldner">
Julius Goldner

Julius Goldner (c. 1841/42 - 14 January 1898) was a nineteenth-century wholesale stamp dealer in Hamburg known for producing large quantities of "reprints", described by others as forgeries, of the stamps of Hamburg and other states.
Goldner started in 1868 by paying a postal official to apply a departure stamp cancel to a quantity of Hamburg remainders which were then sold as postally used stamps. He then moved on to producing private "reprints" of the stamps of Hamburg, Heligoland and Bergedorf. He was also the principal outlet for the forgeries of Transvaal produced by Adolph Otto. He produced forgeries of the stamps of Ecuador and Romagna in the 1890s.
Goldner's business practices, while now regarded as unethical or outright criminal, were more acceptable in the early days of philately when clear ethical guidelines had not been established. In noting Goldner's death, Charles Phillips described him as an "esteemed "confrere"" with whom the firm of Stanley Gibbons had dealt for over twenty years, noting that he dealt in "common stamps in very large quantities" and singling out the "millions" of Heligoland "reprints" produced by Goldner.
Goldner was survived by his wife, and his son Ludwig, who continued the business in the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="36526341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526341" title="Kıran, Köşk">
Kıran, Köşk

Kıran, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 664 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526343" title="The Dying Detective (film)">
The Dying Detective (film)

The Dying Detective is a 1921 British short film directed by Maurice Elvey.

</doc>
<doc id="36526344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526344" title="Charles Stevens House">
Charles Stevens House

The Charles Stevens House is a house located in Astoria, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36526346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526346" title="Kızılcaköy, Köşk">
Kızılcaköy, Köşk

Kızılcaköy, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 815 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526352" title="Kızılcayer, Köşk">
Kızılcayer, Köşk

Kızılcayer, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 297 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526357" title="Koçak, Köşk">
Koçak, Köşk

Koçak, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 434.

</doc>
<doc id="36526361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526361" title="Menteşeler, Köşk">
Menteşeler, Köşk

Menteşeler, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 269 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526363" title="Mezeköy, Köşk">
Mezeköy, Köşk

Mezeköy, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 351 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526366" title="Ovaköy, Köşk">
Ovaköy, Köşk

Ovaköy, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 875 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526368" title="Svenson Blacksmith Shop">
Svenson Blacksmith Shop

The Svenson Blacksmith Shop is a building located in Astoria, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36526369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526369" title="Sarıçam, Köşk">
Sarıçam, Köşk

Sarıçam, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 654 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526374" title="Uzundere, Köşk">
Uzundere, Köşk

Uzundere, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 741 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526376" title="Yavuzköy, Köşk">
Yavuzköy, Köşk

Yavuzköy, Köşk is a village in the District of Köşk, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 784 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526379" title="Blaser F3">
Blaser F3

The Blaser F3 is a break-action shotgun manufactured by Blaser Jagdwaffen GmbH of Isney, Germany. Blaser manufactures multiple variants of the F3. Blaser has established itself in the European market in Skeet and the Olympic trap disciplines. In September 2008, Blaser established their headquarters in San Antonio, TX. While other competition grade shotguns require fitting when changing barrels, Blaser has a largely modular design.

</doc>
<doc id="36526391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526391" title="Caferli, Kuşadası">
Caferli, Kuşadası

Caferli is a village in the District of Kuşadası, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 116 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526393" title="Çınarköy, Kuşadası">
Çınarköy, Kuşadası

Çınarköy is a village in the District of Kuşadası, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 321 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526394" title="Jeremiah Doyle">
Jeremiah Doyle

Jeremiah Joseph Doyle (5 December 1849 – 1909), was an Irish born Catholic bishop, the bishop of Grafton.
Doyle was born at Kilmurry, County Cork, Ireland. He was the son of Daniel Doyle and his wife Ellen ("née" Murphy). He was educated in classics at Mount Melleray College, Waterford, and in 1868 he entered All Hallows College, Dublin.
Doyle was ordained a priest on 24 June 1874 for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Armidale, New South Wales, Australia.
Doyle was consecrated first bishop of Grafton by Cardinal Patrick Francis Moran in St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on 28 August 1887.
Doyle remain bishop until he died of cerebral haemorrhage in his house at Lismore, New South Wales, on 4 June 1909.
The diocese of Grafton was renamed to Lismore, and John Carroll became bishop of Lismore on 2 December 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="36526398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526398" title="Kirazlı, Kuşadası">
Kirazlı, Kuşadası

Kirazlı, Kuşadası is a village in the District of Kuşadası, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 939 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526400" title="Soğucak, Kuşadası">
Soğucak, Kuşadası

Soğucak, Kuşadası is a village in the District of Kuşadası, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1652 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526402" title="Yaylaköy, Kuşadası">
Yaylaköy, Kuşadası

Yaylaköy, Kuşadası is a village in the District of Kuşadası, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 619 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526405" title="Yeniköy, Kuşadası">
Yeniköy, Kuşadası

Yeniköy, Kuşadası is a village in the District of Kuşadası, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 696 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36526412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526412" title="German submarine U-204">
German submarine U-204

German submarine "U-204" was a Type VIIC U-boat of the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 22 April 1940 by the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft yard at Kiel as 'werk' 633, launched on 23 January 1941 and commissioned on 8 March under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Walter Kell.
She was sunk in October 1941 by British warships.
Operational career.
Part of the 1st U-boat Flotilla, "U-204" carried out three patrols in the North Atlantic.
1st patrol.
"U-204"s first patrol began when she left Kiel on 24 May 1941; she travelled through the gap between Greenland and Iceland (the Denmark Strait) and sank the Icelandic fishing boat "Holsteinn" with gunfire, south of Iceland on 31 May - Kell did not want news of the U-boat's presence to be broadcast. She then sank the "Mercier" east of Newfoundland on 10 June. She docked at Brest in occupied France, on the 27th.
2nd patrol.
Nearly a month passed before the boat sortied once again. On 2 August she spotted Allied convoy SL81 and called for support, when arrived the following day, they attacked together but without success. On 18 Aug she joined a wolfpack searching for Convoy OG 71 and shortly after 0100 the next day she struck HNoMS "Bath" with two torpedo's into the starboard side of her engine room and causing the destroyer to sink within three minutes at about southwest of Ireland. Eighty four of "Bath"s crew including her CO Lieutenant Commander Frederik Melsom were killed plus two others later died after rescue; the death toll was compounded by the fact that two depth charges exploded when the vessel went down.
3rd patrol and loss.
Having left Brest on 20 September 1941, she sank the Spanish sailing ship "Aingeru Guardakoa" with a single torpedo on 14 October, thinking she was a British submarine chaser. She then sank the "Inverlee" on the 19th. On the same day, she fell victim to a British anti-submarine sweep from Gibraltar. She was sunk by depth charges from the corvette and the sloop .
Forty-six men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36526421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526421" title="Highway Racer">
Highway Racer

Highway Racer (originally titled Poliziotto sprint) is a 1977 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Stelvio Massi. It was the first collaboration between Massi and Maurizio Merli, who worked together in six titles between 1977 and 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36526426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526426" title="Ioannis Vossos">
Ioannis Vossos

Ioannis Vossos (born 10 October 1960) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526431" title="The Man with the Twisted Lip (film)">
The Man with the Twisted Lip (film)

The Man with the Twisted Lip is a 1921 British film directed by Maurice Elvey.

</doc>
<doc id="36526432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526432" title="Živko Slijepčević">
Živko Slijepčević

Živko Slijepčević (, born 19 August 1957) is a Serbian football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of French lower League team Trélissac FC.
He played for FK Preporod, FK Spartak Subotica, Quimper Cornouaille FC, Valenciennes FC and Trélissac FC. Currently working as a coach of French Trélissac FC.
Personal life.
Born in Gerzovo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, he grew up in northern Serbia, in a town of Novi Žednik, near Subotica. There he made his first football steps at local club FK Preporod Novi Žednik, where he competed in a lower league. His talent was noticed by the people from FK Spartak Subotica who brought him to the club in 1968. He will play for Spartak for the following 20 years. He became a senior in 1975, and with the exception of the second half of the 1984–85 season, which he spent on loan with FK Trepča, he will play with Spartak in the Yugoslav Second League until 1998.
After a long stay in Subotica, he went to France, where he still lives and works. There, as a player he represented clubs, and also three as a coach. The longest club he played for, was the one he trains nowadays, Trélissac FC. In the season 1992/93 he played with Valenciennes FC in the Ligue 1
By the end of his playing career, he already became a player/coach during the last two seasons with Trélissac FC. Later, he was the head coach head of other French clubs such as Notron, US Concarneau, US Avranches, and Trélissac FC again.

</doc>
<doc id="36526441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526441" title="Sakagami">
Sakagami

Sakagami (written: 坂上) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36526442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526442" title="Spyros Kapralos">
Spyros Kapralos

Spyros Kapralos (born 15 April 1955) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526451" title="Royal-Dominique Fennell">
Royal-Dominique Fennell

Royal-Dominique Fennell (born June 5, 1989) is a German-American soccer player who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers in 3. Liga as a defender.
Club career.
Fennell was born in Fort Irwin, California to an American father and German mother. At the age of four, he returned to his mother's homeland and grew up in the town of Göppingen. Fennell, a central defender, came through the ranks at Stuttgarter Kickers and first broke through to the first team at the end of the 2009–10 season with two cameo appearances. The next season, Fennell consolidated his position at the Regionalliga Süd club and became a regular in the starting lineup. Fennell enjoyed further success in the 2011–12 season, when Kickers won the title with several games to spare, thereby earning promotion. Fennell is expected to be a mainstay in his club's defense when they return to the third level of German soccer for the first time since relegation in 2009.
International career.
Fennell was first called into US Youth National Teams in late 2011 when United States U23 manager Caleb Porter was looking for answers to a shallow pool of U-23 defenders. Fennell participated in several camps and was called to the qualifying roster, but his club, which was in the throes of a promotion race, did not release him.

</doc>
<doc id="36526456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526456" title="Nick Fish">
Nick Fish

Nicholas (Nick) Fish (born September 1958) is an elected official in Portland, Oregon. 
Early life.
Fish grew up in the small rural Hudson River town of Millbrook, New York. The Fish family has a long legacy of public service. His father, Hamilton Fish IV, represented New York in the United States Congress, and was a champion for civil rights. His grandfather, Hamilton Fish III, represented New York in the United States House of Representatives, and served in 369th U.S. Infantry Regiment known as the “Harlem Hellfighters.”
Early career.
After graduating from Harvard University in 1981, Fish worked as a legislative aide for Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank. He received a law degree from Northeastern University in 1986.
Fish spent ten years representing health care workers and unions in New York City. He was appointed to Manhattan Community Board Five, a neighborhood association, serving as chair for two years. 
Fish championed the renovation of the Times Square Hotel, then a run-down blight in a neighborhood. Working with community non-profit Common Ground, the hotel was remodeled into affordable housing and a thriving community of theater district workers, residents living with HIV/AIDS, and formerly homeless individuals. The Times Square renovation received the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence in 1997. 
Fish moved to Portland, Oregon in 1996 after his wife, Patricia Schechter, was offered a teaching position in the History Department at Portland State University. Schechter is the author of "Ida B. Wells-Barnett and American Reform, 1880-1930" (2000), "Exploring the Decolonial Imaginary: Four Transnational Lives" (2011), and "Remembering the Power of Words" (2011) with former Oregon State Senator Avel Gordly.
Prior to running for elected office, Fish practiced employment law in Oregon, and hosted "Outlook Portland with Nick Fish", a public affairs show on KRCW TV.
Fish has an extensive record of volunteer community service. He has served on the boards of Home Forward (formerly the Housing Authority of Portland), the Oregon Cultural Trust, Volunteers of America, Oregon, and the St. Mark’s Historic Landmark Fund.
Elected office.
Fish ran for a seat on the Portland City Council in 2008, winning a special election to replace Commissioner Erik Sten, with more than 60% of the vote. In 2010, he was re-elected to a four-year term with 80% of the vote.
Until February 2013, Fish served as Commissioner-in-Charge of the Portland Housing Bureau and Portland Parks & Recreation. 
In 2010, Fish led the creation of the new Portland Housing Bureau, streamlining and consolidating the City’s housing programs and services. In 2011, he celebrated the opening of Bud Clark Commons, a cornerstone of the City’s 10 Year Plan to End Homelessness. Named for former Portland Mayor Bud Clark, the award-winning development combines, under one roof, a day center, men’s shelter, and supportive housing.
In 2011, Portland Parks & Recreation won the National Gold Medal for "Best Park System in the Nation".
In June 2013, a shuffling of bureaus among the commissioners by Mayor Hales saw Fish assigned the Bureau of Environment Services and the Portland Water Bureau, and placed in charge of the Regional Arts & Culture Council. 

</doc>
<doc id="36526460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526460" title="Sotirios Stathakis">
Sotirios Stathakis

Sotirios Stathakis (born 15 April 1953) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526473" title="Andreas Gounas">
Andreas Gounas

Andreas Gounas (born 26 August 1957) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526495" title="Uruguayan general election, 1938">
Uruguayan general election, 1938

General elections were held in Uruguay on 28 March 1938. The result was a victory for the Colorado Party, which won a majority of seats in the Chamber of Deputies and received the most votes in the presidential election, in which the Alfredo Baldomir faction emerged as the largest. Baldomir subsequently became President on 19 June.
This was the first time that Uruguayan women exerted their right to vote in a national election.

</doc>
<doc id="36526502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526502" title="Markellos Sitarenios">
Markellos Sitarenios

Markellos Sitarenios (born 14 May 1956) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526517" title="Xenofon Moudatsios">
Xenofon Moudatsios

Xenofon Moudatsios (born 28 March 1960) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526518" title="Manny Villafana">
Manny Villafana

Manny Villafaña was born in 1940 in New York to Puerto Rican immigrants and attended Cardinal Hayes High School in the Bronx. He began his career in 1964 at medical-device exporter Picker International. In 1967, he was hired away from Picker by Medtronic to become their first international sales administrator.
Business.
In 1971 he launched Cardiac Pacemakers, Inc. (CPI); a CRM company that revolutionized the pacemaker industry by introducing a long life lithium iodine pacemaker, a technology still utilized by a majority of the market. CPI was ultimately acquired by Eli Lilly & Company, which spun it out as Guidant, which in turn was recently acquired by Boston Scientific, Inc.
In 1976, he founded St. Jude Medical where his team engineered the first bileaflet mechanical heart valve, which reduced the frequency of blood clots in patients. It still dominates the mechanical valve replacement market .
In 1982, Villafana founded GV Medical, which developed a device to open blood vessels open.
In 1987, he founded Helix BioCore, which eventually transformed into ATS Medical, a company that developed a bi-leaflet valve which uses an open-pivot design to reduce clots and improve blood flow.
Then in 2000, he launched CABG Medical to pursue the creation of an artificial graft for coronary bypass surgery. The company closed in 2006.
In 2007, he launched Kips Bay Medical, a medical device company that focuses on proprietary external saphenous vein support technology for use in coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery. .

</doc>
<doc id="36526525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526525" title="Marshall J. Kinney Cannery">
Marshall J. Kinney Cannery

The Marshall J. Kinney Cannery, located in Uniontown, Astoria, Oregon, between Fifth and Seventh Streets, was constructed in 1879 and became one of the city's longest-running canneries. Run by the Astoria Packing Company, of which Marshall J. Kinney was president, the complex quickly became the "largest and most extensive salmon-packing establishment on the Pacific Coast". In 1894, the cannery was completely rebuilt after being burned to the ground. Five years later Kinney became part of the Columbia River Packers Association, joining several other canneries and packing companies. By 1904, the complex supported three production lines; Kinney continued cannery operations until the 1920s when it was primarily used as a central machine shop and warehouse for the Columbia River Packers Association. In 1954 a cargo ship ran into the complex, part of which was lost. Intact portions were used for storage until 1980 and today house shops and small businesses. The cannery was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 30, 1989, but was delisted on September 8, 1997.
History.
Kinney Cannery, located in Uniontown between Fifth and Seventh Streets, was constructed in 1879. The cannery was run by the Astoria Packing Company, of which Marshall J. Kinney was president. During 1881 the complex, then referred to as the "largest and most extensive salmon-packing establishment on the Pacific Coast", reportedly packed 26,000 cases of salmon. According to the Chief of Engineers of the United States Army, as printed in the "Annual Report of the Secretary of War" (1890), the cannery packed 7,500 cases of salmon worth nearly $40,000 during the season of 1887. In 1894, the complex burned to the ground and was completely rebuilt. In 1899, the cannery became part of the Columbia River Packers Association, joining the Samuel Elmore Cannery, Fisherman's Packing Co., J.O. Hanthorn & Co., J.W. Seaborg and Scandinavian Packing Co., among others. Kinney buildings at the river end were used for warehouse space; the older ones along the shore continued cannery operations.
By 1904, the Kinney complex supported three production lines. It was divided into two sections separated by a "planked extension" of Sixth Street. On the west side stood a 200' x 170' wood frame warehouse which, after 1910, housed the machine shop and stored cannery equipment, cans and labels, and marine engines. This section later housed offices for Alaskan production. On the east side of Sixth Street stood an 80' x 150' "two-story, semi-mill constructed" can factory building. The complex continued cannery operations until the 1920s when it was primarily used as a central machine shop and warehouse for the Columbia River Packers Association.
By the 1940s, the Kinney complex had expanded "significantly". In 1954, an outbound cargo ship carrying 8,000 tons of grain ran into the complex, part of which was lost. Remaining buildings were used for storage until 1980 and have since been converted to shops. Part of the complex was restored and a lookout was built on its wharf to encourage business; however, other parts of the Kinney complex remained in ruins. The cannery was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 30, 1989. However, the complex was delisted from the Register on September 8, 1997. The complex housed Gunderson's Cannery Café and other small businesses until a fire destroyed the buildings in December, 2010. Discussions of condominium development have taken place, including Riverpark Suites for the "ruined half" of the complex.

</doc>
<doc id="36526526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526526" title="Luke Wallace">
Luke Wallace

Luke Wallace (born 2 October 1990 in St Albans, England), is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership. He is a Flanker, usually playing at Open-side.
Luke Wallace started playing rugby at school and progressed through Harlequins Elite Player Development Group to the senior Academy. He was selected to play for Quins in the 2009 Middlesex Sevens and in November that year made his first XV debut against Newcastle Falcons in the LV Cup. He continued developing and in January 2011 signed his first senior contract.
2011/12 was a breakthrough season for Wallace, starting with a strong performance in the Premiership Sevens. Luke was dual registered to Esher, but World Cup call ups and two backrow injuries in the opening match of the season saw him starting for the club in rounds 2-7 of the Aviva Premiership. Harlequins were unbeaten during this period and Wallace attracted considerable praise, winning several man of the match awards, the first Etihad player of the month award and later being short listed for the Land Rover Discovery of the Year. Wallace made another 11 first team starts through the season and totalled 24 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="36526527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526527" title="Borgøy">
Borgøy

Borgøy is an island in the municipality of Tysvær in Rogaland, Norway. It is located at the mouth of Skjoldafjorden, and covers and area of about . Highest mountain is 292 m. a. s. l..
Borgøy was the birthplace of painter Lars Hertervig.

</doc>
<doc id="36526530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526530" title="Buried Secrets (Body of Proof)">
Buried Secrets (Body of Proof)

"Buried Secrets" is the eight episode of the first season of the American medical drama "Body of Proof". It was originally broadcast in the United States on ABC on May 10, 2011. The episode was directed by David Platt and written by Sunil Nayar and series creator Christopher Murphey.
In this episode, Megan Hunt (Dana Delany) investigates when Joe Salerno (Derek Russo), a friend of Samantha Baker (Sonja Sohn), is found dead, after being run over. However, Megan concludes that he was dead before the car hit him. Bud Morris (John Carroll Lynch) finds out that Joe was doing freelance work on a cold case involving Lizzy Adler (Rebecca Blumhagen), a student athlete who was murdered. After getting Lizzy's body exhumed, Megan realizes the same person killed Joe and Lizzy. Meanwhile, Megan asks her mother Joan (Joanna Cassidy) to help with the case.
The episode received positive reviews, and was watched by 10.11 million viewers, according to Nielsen ratings, on the Tuesday night it aired in the United States. Critic Christine Orlando of "TV Fanatic" praised the scenes between Samantha and Ethan Gross (Geoffrey Arend) calling them "sweet", as well as praising the scenes between Megan and Joan, adding that Joan was "a real piece of work" in this episode.
Plot.
Detective Joe Salerno (Derek Russo), a friend of Samantha Baker (Sonja Sohn), is found dead, after being run over by Sara Gonzales (Diane Guerrero). When Megan Hunt (Dana Delany) arrives on scene, she concludes that he was dead before the car hit him, having been thrown off the bridge above the road. A distraught Samantha and Megan visit Joe's wife Helen (Kathryn Meisle) and their daughter Becky (Fátima Ptacek). Helen says that Joe had been distant before he died, after he was under review for assaulting Chuck Foster (John Magaro). Bud Morris (John Carroll Lynch) discovers Joe was doing freelance work on a cold case involving Lizzy Adler (Rebecca Blumhagen), a student athlete who was murdered, with Chuck being the prime suspect. Megan, Bud, Samantha and Peter Dunlop (Nicholas Bishop) talk to Lizzy's lacrosse coach, Hal Davis, who states that Joe had been visiting the team recently. Megan exhumes Lizzy's body, without her boss, Kate Murphy's (Jeri Ryan), permission. Megan gets her judge mother, Joan (Joanna Cassidy) to sign the request, who tells Megan that Lizzy is buried in the same graveyard as Megan's father David, who committed suicide when Megan was eleven. Megan and Peter later visit David's grave.
Megan receives backlash from Kate for not following procedure, but clay found in both Lizzy and Joe's pockets match. Samantha realizes that Joe found the crime scene of Lizzy's murder; the tennis courts at her school. Kate and Megan study her body and find a hand impression on her back, which matches one of her friends Heather Clayton (Meg Chambers Steedle). Heather killed Lizzy after she broke her finger during a lacrosse game. Lizzy's body was found elsewhere, meaning Heather had help moving the body, so Megan finds out that Lou helped Heather. Lou also admits killing Joe, as he was getting too close to the truth. After they arrest them, Megan revisits her mother Joan, asking to exhume her father’s body. Joan declines the request, telling Megan to leave him be. Megan and Samantha revisit Helen and Becky, revealing that Joe had an undiagnosed brain disorder, causing the emotional distance from the two, telling them that Joe helped solve the Lizzy Adler case.
Production.
"Buried Secrets" was written by Sunil Nayar and series creator Christopher Murphey and directed by David Platt, most known for directing television series such as "Law & Order" and its spinoff "". Platt has been nominated for three Emmy's whilst working on "Law & Order". Daniel Licht who has worked on the series since its inception, returned to compose the music for the episode. Actor John Magaro – best known for his role in the film "My Soul to Take" – guest starred in the episode as Chuck Foster. Recurring cast member Joanna Cassidy returned in this episode, with this being Cassidy's first appearance since season one's sixth episode "Society Hill", however she was mentioned in this episode's previous episode, "All in the Family". "Radio Times" listed Mary Mouser as appearing as Lacey Fleming, however she did not appear in this episode.
"Buried Secrets", along with the eight episode's from "Body of Proof"s first season, were released on a two-disc DVD set in the United States on September 20, 2011. The sets included brief audio commentaries from various crew and cast members for several episode's, a preview of season 2 and a 10-minute "featurette" on the making of the show, with commentaries from the medical consultants who helped with the script, as well as a "Contaminated Evidence" blooper reel.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast on May 10, 2011, "Buried Secrets" was seen by 10.11 million viewers, according to Nielsen ratings. Among viewers between ages 18 and 49, it received a 2.1 rating/9 share. This means that it was seen by 2.1 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 9 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This episode achieved a lower number of viewers than the previous episode, "All in the Family", as well as a lower amount than subsequent episode "Broken Home". "Body of Proof" came seventh in the ratings on Tuesday night, it was outperformed by CBS's "NCIS", "", an episode of "The Good Wife", two airings of ABC's "Dancing with the Stars" and NBC's "The Voice". "Buried Secrets" was watched by 1.77 million viewers upon its airing on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom.
Critical response.
This episode received positive reviews. Christine Orlando from "TV Fanatic" said of the episode; "Buried Secrets" left me wondering if there was even more to Megan's father's death than a simple suicide. There must be a story there and I hope we get to hear more of it. It would be nice to see Megan get her answers, no matter what they may be". Orlando called Joan "a real piece of work" saying that she could not understand why Joan would not allow Megan to exhume her father's body. She added that Joan was "cold" saying this adding, "I suddenly understood why Megan avoids Mom like the plague". Of the conversation between Samantha and Ethan Gross (Geoffrey Arend) she said, "Ethan's story about losing his guinea pig as a child was sad and sweet. In his own strange way he was trying to relate to Samantha and the death of her friend. Plus, it painted a heart-breaking picture of a sad, lonely boy". She added that the death of the episode "caused a ripple effect, touching everyone who came near it", including Kate, who she said that she admired Megan for exhuming the body, as "she's not allowed to flaunt the rules the way Megan is prone to do.

</doc>
<doc id="36526532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526532" title="Stavros Giannopoulos">
Stavros Giannopoulos

Stavros Giannopoulos (born 12 July 1961) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526558" title="Thomas Karalogos">
Thomas Karalogos

Thomas Karalogos (born 5 August 1951) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526570" title="Ioannis Garifallos">
Ioannis Garifallos

Ioannis Garifallos (born 15 September 1957) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526580" title="Paura in città">
Paura in città

Paura in città (internationally titled "Fear in the City", "Street War" and "Hot Stuff") is a 1976 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Giuseppe Rosati.

</doc>
<doc id="36526588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526588" title="Ioannis Giannouris">
Ioannis Giannouris

Ioannis Giannouris (born 13 January 1958) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36526629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526629" title="Judicial Code of 1911">
Judicial Code of 1911

The Judicial Code of 1911 () abolished the United States circuit courts and transferred their trial jurisdiction to the U.S. district courts. 
In 1911, the United States Congress created a single code encompassing all statutes related to the judiciary and took the opportunity to revise and unify existing laws. At the same time, Congress abolished the U.S. circuit courts as of January 1, 1912, the effective date of the statute. Established by the Judiciary Act of 1789, the circuit courts served as the most important trial courts of the federal judiciary for over a century. The circuit courts lost their limited appellate jurisdiction in the Judiciary Act of 1891, which created the U.S. courts of appeals, but as part of the political compromise behind the 1891 Act, the circuit courts continued to serve as trial courts alongside the district courts for the next 20 years. By abolishing the circuit courts and transferring their jurisdiction and pending business to the district courts, Congress instituted a judicial system with a single type of trial court and eliminated the inefficiencies associated with administering two types of court that were often presided over by the same judge.
The remainder of the Judicial Code of 1911 was not so much a reorganization of the structure or procedures of the federal courts as it was a standardization of law governing the judiciary. Over more than 120 years, many contradictory statutes had accumulated through legislation approved for the purpose of organizing individual courts. Congress had first gathered the statutes related to the judiciary into a single code in the Revised Statutes adopted in 1874, but the resulting Title XIII preserved all of the legislation then in effect without reconciling the varying rules and court structures that often applied to the same types of courts in different parts of the country. In 1899, Congress appointed a commission to recommend revisions in the judicial code, and the subsequent report became the basis of the proposed revision submitted to Congress in March 1910.
The broad reconsideration of judicial statutes encouraged some members of Congress to use the proposed code as a means to enact a substantial reorganization of the courts or to win approval for major legislation indirectly related to the judicial function. Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives offered amendments to restrict the issuance of injunctions in labor disputes, and House members revived the debate over the monetary value required to establish diversity jurisdiction in cases involving parties from different states. They hoped that a $5000 limit, up from $2000, would restrict the ability of corporations to remove cases from the state courts. The House narrowly defeated an amendment that would have sharply limited the ability of a corporation to remove a case regardless of the amount involved. The approved code increased the jurisdictional amount to $3000, but for the most part Congress resisted the suggestions to enact major new legislation through the revised code. The abolition of the circuit courts prompted numerous lesser changes, the most significant of which was the provision authorizing a senior circuit judge or circuit justice to assign a circuit judge to hold a district court "whenever … the public interest shall require."

</doc>
<doc id="36526632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526632" title="Uruguayan general election, 1942">
Uruguayan general election, 1942

General elections were held in Uruguay on 29 November 1942, alongside a constitutional referendum. The result was a victory for the Colorado Party, which won a majority of seats in the Chamber of Deputies and received the most votes in the presidential election, in which the Juan José de Amézaga faction emerged as the largest. Amézaga subsequently became President on 1 March 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="36526647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526647" title="Paul Pétau">
Paul Pétau

Paul Pétau (Paulus Petavius in Latin) (1568-1614) was a French publisher and book collector. He was "conseiller" of the Parlement de Paris from 1588 to 1614.
Life.
After his death, his son Alexandre Pétau (died 1672) sold his massive collection of books for personal profit.
His books can still be found today in Vatican City's Library and the Library of the University of Leiden.
Excerpts.
Charles Isaac Elton's book "The Great Book-Collectors" provides the following information about Paul Pétau:

</doc>
<doc id="36526695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526695" title="Salvador metro station">
Salvador metro station

Salvador is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station is located beneath the Balmaceda Park and close to Salvador Avenue, which is named for the Hospital del Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="36526738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526738" title="Almenrausch und Edelweiß">
Almenrausch und Edelweiß

Almenrausch und Edelweiß is a 1957 West German / Austrian film directed by Harald Reinl.

</doc>
<doc id="36526751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526751" title="Wide span vehicle">
Wide span vehicle

Wide span vehicle is a special type of farming vehicle that is much wider than a typical vehicle. Wide span vehicles can measure up to wide or wider. The impetus behind wide span vehicles in farming is to reduce the amount of soil that becomes damaged ("e.g.", from compaction) from farm vehicles. Controlled traffic farming (CTF) is also aimed at solving this problem and both CTF and wide span vehicles can be used together to further improve land use.
The many benefits of using wide span vehicles in farming include improved soil quality, less land lost to wheelways, increase in farm profits, less fuel use, reduced chemical use from more precise application, and increased types of land available for organic farming.
History.
David Dowler was a pioneer of wide span vehicle farming and created a first prototype gantry, called P1, in January 1978. Dowler went on to build and apply for patents on many wide span-related machines.

</doc>
<doc id="36526775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526775" title="Skjoldafjorden">
Skjoldafjorden

Skjoldafjorden is a fjord in Rogaland, Norway. It is a long northern branch of Boknafjorden, and is located in the municipalities of Tysvær and Vindafjord. The island Borgøy is located at the mouth of the fjord. The narrow passage Skjoldastraumen has strong tide flows, and contains the only salt water lock in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36526807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526807" title="Radio Sargam">
Radio Sargam

Radio Sargam is a nationwide commercial Hindi FM radio station in Fiji. It is owned by the Communications Fiji Limited (CFL), the company which owns FM96-Fiji, Viti FM, Legend FM and Radio Navtarang. Radio Sargam is streaming in three frequencies: 103.4FM in Suva, Navua, Nausori, Labasa, Nadi and Lautoka; 103.2FM in Savusavu, Coral Coast, Ba and Tavua; and on 103.8FM in Rakiraki. Sargam can be accessed online for a subscription fee of US$70 for a year.
The station signed on the air on March 31, 2004. The main competitors oare Fiji Broadcasting Corporation-owned Radio Fiji Two and Mirchi FM.
Announcers.
Radio Sargam’s lineup is as follows:
Roneel Narayan is the station’s program director.

</doc>
<doc id="36526819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526819" title="Juliane Robra">
Juliane Robra

Juliane Robra (born 8 January 1983 in Herdecke, Germany) is a Swiss judoka, competing in the 70 kg-category and currently ranked at 3rd Dan. Robra won bronze medals at the 2010 and the 2012 European Judo Championships and is an eight time Swiss national champion. In 2012 she was nominated to compete as a member of the Swiss team in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36526821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526821" title="NEWS Best">
NEWS Best

NEWS Best is the first compilation album released by the Japanese boy group NEWS.

</doc>
<doc id="36526867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526867" title="Baba Kharak Singh">
Baba Kharak Singh

Baba Kharak Singh (6 June 1868 - 6 October 1963) was born at Sialkot in British India. He was involved in the Indian independence movement and was president of the Central Sikh League as well as first president of the SGPC.
His samadhi exists at gurdwara, at Sikhwala village in Malout tehsil of district Sri Mukatsar Sahib, Punjab. Today, a prominent road, which is a radial road of Connaught Place, New Delhi towards Gurdwara Bangla Sahib, is named Baba Kharak Singh Marg, after him.
Jail.
Singh was imprisoned for two years and his sentence was extended to around five years as he had company who make weapons.Baba Kharak Singh was born in 1868 at Sialkot. He was from the first batch of graduates of the Punjab University, Lahore.
In 1912 he was elected Chairman of the Reception Committee of the 5th Session of the Sikh Educational Conference held at Sialkot. He presided over the historic session of the Central Sikh League held in Lahore in 1920, at which Mahatma Gandhi, the Ali Brothers and Dr. Kitchlew were present and advised the Sikhs to throw in their lot with the Congress. In 1921 he helped found the S.G.P.C. and was unanimously elected its President. Afterwards, too, he held that exalted office of several occasions.
He launched the first morcha against the government in November, 1921, which is popularly known as the Keys morcha. He was among the first to be arrested. His arrest led to a vigorous storm of protest against the Government. Within six weeks the Government bowed and released him. In the same year he was elected President of Punjab Provincial Congress Committee. A few weeks after this event he was arrested and sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment.
In a lecture at Lahore he said "In the fight for India's freedom if you find a bullet in my back, do not count me as one amongst the Sikhs of the Gurus and do not cremate my dead body according to the Sikh rites. A disciple of the Great Gurus is an ideal saint-soldier and it supposed to fight in the vanguard and face the bullets in the chest and not in the back, and we the Sikhs shall never allow any foreigner to rule over Motherland, and we shall brook no injustice."
He organized a mammoth demonstration in 1928 when the Simon Commission visited Lahore. He was again sent to jail in 1931 but was released after six months. He was re-arrested in 1932 and detained for 19 months in prison. Once again he was taken in custody in 1935 for his scathing criticism of the Communal Award.
He was again sent to the jail in 1940 for participating in Satyagrah movement in 1940. In spite of his old age, Babaji did not stop his activities. He was one of those leaders who unhesitatingly took up the cause of the I.N.A. in 1945. During the elections of 1946 he toured the whole of the Punjab and the N.W.F.P. and made a magnificent contribution to the success of the Congress.
According to Jawahar Lal Nehru, during his whole life had never surrender to what he considered to be wrong or evil, whatever the consequences might have been.
At another place Mr. Nehru said about him, "There are few hands which can uphold the honour and preserve the dignity of the national Flag better than those of Babaji".
He died on 66h October, 1963.
Flag issue.
In a meeting on August 31, 1930, he threatened to resign from his position unless the Shiromani Akali Dal opposed to fight under the Congress flag, as it did not include the Sikh colour, saffron (Kesari). The Punjab Provincial Congress Committee recommended incorporation of the Sikh colour in the flag. In response to this Congress Working Committee appointed the Flag committee with Secretary Dr. Pattabhi Sitaramayya, Masulipatam, S. India. who came with the tri color, Saffron/White/Green as replacement of Red/White/Green, adopted by AICC.

</doc>
<doc id="36526868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526868" title="Apartmentzauber">
Apartmentzauber

Apartmentzauber is a 1963 West German film directed by Helmuth M. Backhaus.
The film is also known as Apartment-Zauber (alternative spelling).

</doc>
<doc id="36526900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526900" title="Eva Grlić">
Eva Grlić

Eva Grlić (born Eva Izrael; 1920 – 31 July 2008) was Croatian journalist and writer, mother of famous Croatian film director and producer Rajko Grlić.
Early life and education.
Grlić was born in Budapest to a Jewish family. Her father Oskar (Osias) Ješua Izrael, was Sephardi Jew and her mother Katica (née Klingenberg), was Ashkenazi Jew. She was taught Ladino language and to Jewish customs. Grlić learned Hungarian from her mother, and Bosnian from her father. She spent her childhood and adolescence in Sarajevo. Already in her adolescence years Grlić belonged to a left-oriented youth in Sarajevo, and with them she went on an organized tours, or winter skiing. Soon she felt effectiveness of pre-war Yugoslav Fascist dictatorship, when police got hold of letters that were sent to her from Spain by her boyfriend Miljenko Cvitković, a volunteer with International Brigades. Because of those letters, Grlić was fined with court ban from further education on the territory of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. In 1938 she moved with her family to Zagreb. In Zagreb, she attended and completed a steno-typing course and was easily employed as a secretary in several private companies.
World War II, later life and career.
In April 1940, Grlić married Rudolf Domany, brother of Robert Domany, with whom she had only daughter, Vesna Domany Hardy born on May 1941. Her husband Rudolf was killed by Ustaše as a hostage in September 1941. In the meantime, other family members lost their right to apartments in the center of Zagreb, so with her daughter, mother, grandmother Tereza Kohn and her late husband's parents, Grlić moved in the apartment of her late husband cousin, Antonia Špicner. In February 1942, Ustaše started with the deportations of remaining Jews in Zagreb, and only Grlić, her daughter and mother managed to save them self from the deporation. Grlić soon joined the Partisans where she wrote for ZAVNOH newspaper Vjesnik. During that war time Oto and Ruža Fuchs took care of her daughter. Ruža Fuchs was named Righteous among the Nations in 1987. Grlić's mother also joined the Patisans and was killed during Operation Trio in 1942. The rest of their family perished during the Holocaust, among them Grlić father. Only Grlić, her uncle Moše Izrael and her daughter have survived the Holocaust. In 1945, Grlić returned to Zagreb to be reunited with her daughter, 4 at the time. From 1945 to 1949, Eva worked with many newspapers, among them "Vjesnik" and "Naprijed". For three years Grlić was imprisoned at labor camp Goli otok as the political enemy in the SFR Yugoslavia. Grlić also worked as a translator from German and Hungarian. In 1998, Grlić published the autobiographical fiction "Sjećanje" about her life before and after the war, as leftist. "Sjećanje" was also published in Hungarian and Italian language. Her second husband was Zagreb Marxist humanist and philosopher Danko Grlić, with whom she had an only child, son Rajko. In 2002, Grlić published the book "Putnik za Krakow i druge priče". Grlić died on 31 July 2008 in Zagreb and was buried at the Mirogoj Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36526902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526902" title="David Macey">
David Macey

David Macey (October 5, 1949 – October 7, 2011) was an English translator and intellectual historian of the French left. He translated around sixty books from French to English, and wrote biographical studies of Jacques Lacan, Michel Foucault and Frantz Fanon.
Life.
David Macey was born in Sunderland and grew up in Houghton-le-Spring. His father was a miner who had been sent down the pit aged fourteen, and his mother a woman whose family had been unable to afford for her to take up a grammar school place. He was educated at Durham Johnston Grammar School and went on to read French at University College London, where he wrote a PhD on Paul Nizan. 
Interested in trying to link Marxism and psychoanalysis, Macey became a prolific contributor to "Radical Philosophy". From 1974 he taught part-time at North London Polytechnic, UCL and City University London. In 1975 he was a founding member of the British Campaign for an Independent East Timor. After his partner Margaret Atack took a permanent post at Leeds University in 1981, Macey left academia to became a full-time writer and translator. Later, in 1995, he was appointed research associate in the French department of Leeds University; in 2010 he became special professor in translation at the University of Nottingham.
Macey married Margaret Atack in 1988, and they adopted three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36526982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36526982" title="Dimitrios Konstas">
Dimitrios Konstas

Dimitrios Konstas is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36527008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527008" title="Australoricus">
Australoricus

Australoricus oculatus is a species of Loricifera in the family Nanaloricidae, and the only species in the genus Australoricus. It was discovered in sea caves off New South Wales in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36527010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527010" title="Georgios Theodorakopoulos">
Georgios Theodorakopoulos

Georgios Theodorakopoulos (born 23 January 1944) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36527037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527037" title="Scutellinia olivascens">
Scutellinia olivascens

Scutellinia olivascens is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae. This European fungus forms clusters of orange discs up to 1.5 cm in diameter on soil or rotting wood in summer and autumn. It is very similar to the common species "Scutellinia umbrorum" and can only be reliably identified by microscopic features.

</doc>
<doc id="36527052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527052" title="Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse">
Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse

The Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory at the south end of the peninsula of Iberia. Also known as the Gibraltar "E" Head Lighthouse, its tower is painted grey. The active lighthouse is west of the Rock of Gibraltar and positioned at the elbow of the North Mole at Gibraltar Harbour. The lighthouse is operated by the Gibraltar Port Authority.
History.
Gibraltar Harbour "(shown on map)", also referred to as the Port of Gibraltar, is on the west side of Gibraltar, at latitude 36°09'N and longitude 05°20'W. In addition to the protection provided by the Rock, the harbour now has a system of man-made defences. These include three breakwaters: the North Mole (formerly the Commercial Mole) with its Western Arm, the Detached Mole (in the middle), and the South Mole. The mole was defended by the North Mole Elbow Battery, which operated until as late as the end of the Second World War, with another gun mounted at the end of the mole.
In May 2011, the North Mole was the site of an explosion of an oil storage tank. The South Mole has an extension, and was formerly known as the New Mole and New Mole Extension (to distinguish it from the Old Mole at the northeastern corner of the harbour). Gibraltar Harbour has north and south entrances. The northern entry is between the Western Arm of the North Mole and the Detached Mole. The southern is bordered by the Detached Mole and the South Mole.
Description.
The Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse "(shown on map and pictured in links below)" is located at the elbow of the L-shaped North Mole of Gibraltar Harbour. It is positioned at the "E" head of the North Mole, from which the lighthouse derives its alternate name. The lighthouse and harbour are west of the Rock of Gibraltar, and north of the east end of the Strait of Gibraltar, which serves as access to the Mediterranean.
The Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse is a grey, square, skeletal tower, with a height of 25 metres (82 feet). The skeletal tower has a round harbour control room, watch room, and gallery platform. The light is emitted from a skeletal extension of the main tower which has been installed adjacent to the control room. The lighthouse is operational and is utilised as an aid to navigation, in and near the port. The light characteristic is a fixed red light, with a range of five nautical miles. The active lighthouse has a focal plane of 28 metres (92 feet).
The lighthouse tower is closed to the public. Opinions differ as to whether the site is open to the public. The lighthouse is operated by the Gibraltar Port Authority. The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office "Admiralty List of Lights and Fog Signals" number for the Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse is D 2449.2. The United States National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), formerly the National Imagery and Mapping Agency, number is 4240.

</doc>
<doc id="36527063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527063" title="Sonoy">
Sonoy

__NOTOC__
Sonoy is former a restaurant located in Emmeloord, in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2010–2013.
Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points. 
Owner and head chef of "Sonoy" was Paul van Staveren.
The restaurant is a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise since 2006.
Restaurant "Sonoy" is located in a former water tower, at a height of 40 meters. It occupies four floors. During the transfer from the old restaurant in Blokzijl to this, that took five weeks, the staff was working in De Librije in Zwolle.
In 2010, the restaurant won the "Sustainable Restaurant of the Year"-award from Gault Millau.
The Michelin star awarded in 2010, was the first one ever awarded in the (young) province Flevoland.
In March 2013 the municipality Noordoostpolder, owner of the water tower in which the restaurant is housed, was reviewing the future of the said tower. A failed renovation caused too many problems. The restaurant closed per 1 July 2013. Paul van Staveren got a compensation of about € 275,000, but still lost about half the original investment in the restaurant in 2010 based on a ten year tenancy contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36527065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527065" title="Anna Laurell">
Anna Laurell

Anna Rosalie Eleonora Laurell (12 February 1980) is a Swedish boxer. Laurell has won two World Championship golds, three European Championship Golds and seven National Swedish Championship golds in boxing. Laurell competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London after receiving a wild card from the Swedish Olympic Committee. She made it to the quarter finals of her weight class. In 2014 she is competing in Mästarnas mästare on SVT.

</doc>
<doc id="36527107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527107" title="The Rebel (1980 film)">
The Rebel (1980 film)

Poliziotto, solitudine e rabbia (internationally titled The Rebel) is a 1980 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Stelvio Massi. The film is the last collaboration between Massi and Maurizio Merli. It was co-produced by West Germany, where it was released as "Zwei knallharte Profis" and "Der Mann, der Venedig hieß".

</doc>
<doc id="36527132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527132" title="2012 ITS Cup – Singles">
2012 ITS Cup – Singles

Nastassja Burnett was the defending champion, but lost to Tatjana Malek in the second round.
María Teresa Torró Flor won the title, defeating Alexandra Cadanțu in the final, 6–2, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="36527195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527195" title="Patrick Wensink">
Patrick Wensink

Patrick Wensink is an American author (born 1979). His most recent work is a novel entitled "Broken Piano for President". The novel received increased publicity when the whiskey company Jack Daniel's sent a politely worded cease-and-desist letter to the author asking that he change the design of his book cover, which closely resembled the label on Jack Daniel's whiskey. In a post on the Huffington Post, Wensink used this experience as a model for how books can gain publicity. The controversy propelled "Broken Piano for President" to the #6 bestseller position and the #1 positions for satires on Amazon.com.
His other books include "Sex Dungeon for Sale!" and "Black Hole Blues".

</doc>
<doc id="36527226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527226" title="Luciano Pereira Mendes">
Luciano Pereira Mendes

Luciano Pereira Mendes (born 15 October 1983) is a Brazilian football striker who played for Sepahan in Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Foolad.
After spending the previous season at Clube Atlético Linense, Mendes transferred to Foolad in the Iranian Premier League in summer 2012. In the 2013–14 Iran Pro League season, he helped Foolad to the championship with scoring nine league goals. He also scored six goals at AFC Champions League. 
Sepahan.
On 3 July 2014, Luciano agreed on a two-year contract with Sepahan. He officially signed his contract on 4 July and was presented to the fans.
Club career statistics.
Last update 14 May 2014

</doc>
<doc id="36527260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527260" title="Scutellinia umbrorum">
Scutellinia umbrorum

Scutellinia umbrorum is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pyronemataceae. This is a common European species, forming clusters of orange discs up to 1.5 cm in diameter on soil or rotting wood in summer and autumn. It is very similar to congeners such as "Scutellinia olivascens" and can only be reliably identified by microscopic features.

</doc>
<doc id="36527281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527281" title="Eve's Secret">
Eve's Secret

"Eve's Secret" is a surviving 1925 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a Broadway play, "Moon-Flower", by Zoe Akins, adapted from a Hungarian play by Lajos Bíró. On Broadway Elsie Ferguson starred. Clarence Badger directed Betty Compson and Jack Holt. An extant film at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="36527314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527314" title="Henri Hurskainen">
Henri Hurskainen

Henri Hurskainen (13 September 1986) is a Swedish badminton player who competed for Sweden at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Hurskainen have won several Gold and Silver medals in badminton championships. Hurskainen was born in Emmaboda, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36527404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527404" title="Charles Arthurson">
Charles Arthurson

Charles Arthurson was the first aboriginal bishop in Canada. 
He was born in 1937 in Norway House, Manitoba and ordained in 1972 in the Diocese of Keewatin. He has served in the parishes of Shamattawa (1966–70) as catechist; Norway House, Manitoba (1972–73); Big Trout Lake, Ontario (1974–76); Split Lake, Manitoba (1976–78) and Sioux Lookout, Ontario (1978–83). In 1983 the Arthursons moved to La Ronge, Saskatchewan, where he was elected suffragan bishop in 1989. He served half time as the parish priest in La Ronge, while spending the other half of his time in the episcopal ministry. 
In July 2008 Arthurson retired as suffragan bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="36527409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527409" title="Lucky Fritz">
Lucky Fritz

Lucky Fritz is a 2009 German comedy film starring Corey Feldman. The story is a modern fairy tale.
Plot.
Lucky Fritz was hit by a lightning strike twice. That's why he is called "Lucky" Fritz. He lives on the countryside and works in a small café. Besides waiting on people he earns a little extra money by selling local guests worms for angling. <br>
One day his best friend tells him the famous actress Leslie Lutrell is about to shoot a film in the surroundings of their little town. His friend craves to meet the star and even tries to prepare for that by torturing himself with a "slim belt". But Lucky Fritz only cares for Gretchen, the local beauty.<br>
Against all odds Lucky Fritz is hit by a lightning strike for a third time. Unfortunately there are after-effects. His skin has become magnetic and his mere touch makes people being infatuated with him. When the capricious Leslie Lutrell spontaneously visits his café, she also falls for him.<br>
Leslie Lutrell openly shows his affection for him but Lucky Fritz doesn't trust his magic skill. In spite of his reluctance Leslie still pursues him. Lucky Fritz is anxious Gretchen might get the wrong impression. He is also terrified by paparazzi and by Leslie's jealous boy-friend. <br>
Eventually Leslie has him hired as a supporting actor. Lucky Fritz starts to behave as if he was a star. Now Gretchen is clearly disgusted and Leslie must return to Hollywood for a preliminary report. While Leslie and Lucky are separated, the effects of his magic touch fade off and henceforth she will refuse to let him touch her. <br>
Lucky feels like he was cursed and tries to get hit by a lightning strike once again for he hopes that might restore his normality and give him finally a chance to win Gretchen's heart.
Production notes.
As the director conceded in an interview on the German-Englisch DVD the film had to be shot in 12 days only. It was shot in English and no actor was dubbed. Director Stephen Manuel found many English native-speakers in Germany as he explains in the German commentary.

</doc>
<doc id="36527430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527430" title="Hof van Sonoy">
Hof van Sonoy

__NOTOC__
Hof van Sonoy was a restaurant located in Blokzijl, Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2005-2008.
Owner and head chef of "Hof van Sonoy" was Paul van Staveren.
Restaurant "Hof van Sonoy" was located in a refurbished 19th century school.
The restaurant lost its star in 2008, when the restaurant was closed. The owner moved the restaurant to Emmeloord and opened the restaurant there as "Sonoy".
"Hof van Sonoy" was a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36527476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527476" title="2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open">
2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open

The 2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour and the eleventh edition for the women which was part of the 2012 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Vancouver, Canada between 28 July and 5 August 2012.
ATP single main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
WTA single main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry by a lucky loser spot:

</doc>
<doc id="36527485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527485" title="2012 ITS Cup – Doubles">
2012 ITS Cup – Doubles

Michaëlla Krajicek and Renata Voráčová were the defending champions, but Krajicek chose not to participate. Therefore Voráčová partnered up with Yuliya Beygelzimer, but lost in the final to Inés Ferrer Suárez and Richèl Hogenkamp 2–6, 6–7(4–7).

</doc>
<doc id="36527493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527493" title="Ruth M. Jefford">
Ruth M. Jefford

Ruth Martin Jefford (July 16, 1914 – January 9, 2007) was an air taxi pilot in the U.S. state of Alaska, and the first woman licensed to be a flight instructor out of Merrill Field. Jefford was a violinist who became a co-founder of the Anchorage Symphony Orchestra. During World War II, she entertained at the United Service Organizations in Alaska, and transported medical supplies for the Red Cross Motor Corp. She was the first woman in Alaska to receive the Wright Brothers Master Pilot Award. She was inducted into the Alaska Women's Hall of Fame in 2009.
Early life.
Ruth Martin was born July 16, 1914 in Des Moines, Iowa. Her mother arranged flying lessons for a 16-year-old Ruth when they lived in Lincoln, Nebraska, where she learned to solo in instructor Jim Hurst's Arrow Sport airplane. Fellow pilot Jack Jefford recruited Hurst for a job with the Civil Aeronautics Authority. Jack Jefford moved to Alaska in 1937. Ruth married Hurst, and in 1941 the couple moved to Alaska, where he continued with the CAA.
Alaska.
When they moved to Alaska, the December 7, 1941 Attack on Pearl Harbor had just happened, and the United States had entered World War II. Early on, she met Lorene Harrison, at the time a choir director for a local church. Harrison, learning that Ruth was a violinist, involved her in the local United Service Organizations (USO) efforts to entertain the military. Harrison would go to serve on many cultural boards in the state, and have a room at the Alaska Center for the Performing Arts named after her. Ruth became part of the Red Cross Motor Corps during the war, delivering medical supplies. Ruth and Jim Hurst bought a 1941 Taylorcraft airplane and began International Air Taxi Service out of Merrill Field. In addition to carrying mail deliveries and transporting people, Ruth became the first female licensed flight instructor operating out of Merrill Field. The couple continued to be business partners, even after they divorced in 1961. In 1971, Ruth married Jack Jefford, and they formed the Valley Air Transport.
In the 1940s, Ruth was one of seven musicians who formed the Anchorage Symphony Orchestra. She spent the next 38 years as the symphony's concert master.
Death.
Ruth M. Jefford died on January 9, 2007, and was buried at Anchorage Memorial Park. Jack Jefford died in 1979.
Awards.
Ruth Jefford received the Federal Aviation Administration's Wright Brothers Master Pilot Award in 2006, the first woman in Alaska to receive it. The award is granted to certified pilots in the United States who have been deemed to have practiced safe flight operations for 50 years or more. As of July 2012, there were 38 male Alaskan pilots who received the award, but Jefford has remained the only woman in Alaska so honored. She was inducted into the Alaska Women's Hall of Fame in 2009.
In 2009, Jack and Ruth Jefford as a team were inducted into the Alaska Aviation Museum's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="36527518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527518" title="Dope Bitch">
Dope Bitch

"Dope Bitch" (clean version titled "Dope Chick") is a song by American singer-songwriter and record producer The-Dream, featuring American rapper Pusha T. The song was released as a single for digital download in the United States on July 24, 2012. The song is included on The-Dream's EP "Climax", which was ultimately a bonus CD on his fourth studio album "IV Play" (2013).
Music video.
The music video for "Dope Bitch" was released on July 17, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36527539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527539" title="Australian Paralympic Powerlifting Team">
Australian Paralympic Powerlifting Team

Australia has been represented in weightlifting / powerlifting at every Games since 1964 and winning a medal at every Games except 1984. Paralympic powerlifting has been competed at every Summer Paralympics since 1984. Weightlifting had been on the Paralympic program since 1964, however after the 1992 Games the International Paralympic Committee made the decision drop weightlifting and hold powerlifting events only.
Notable Australian athletes include:
Summer Paralympic Games.
Australian representatives in weightlifting and powerlifting.
1964.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Michael Dow, Gary Hooper, Vic Renalson
Australia won three silver medals.
1968.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Gary Hooper, Vic Renalson 
1972.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Dennis Kay, Terry Mason, Vic Renalson 
1976.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Terry Mason, Vic Renalson 
1980.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Barry Kalms, Brian McNicholl, John Sheil
1984.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Brian McNicholl 
Australia did not win any medals. Brian McNicholl came 4th in his event.
1988.
Australia represented in powerlifting by: 
Men – Michael Farrell, Matthew Pobje 
Australia represented in weightlifting by: 
Men – Ray Epstein, Brian McNicholl, Arnie Money, Paul O'Brien, Col Richards
1992.
Australia represented by: 
Men – Ray Epstein, Steve Green, Brian McNicholl
1996.
Australia represented in powerlifting by: 
Men – Willem Bos, Michael Farrell, Brian McNicholl, Richard Nicholson Coach – Blagoi Blagoev 
2000.
Australia represented in powerlifting by:
Men – Shaun Cavuoto, Darren Gardiner, Steve Green, Paul Hyde, Richard Nicholson, Kahi Puru, Wayne Sharpe Women – 
Deahnne McIntyre, Julie Russell, Vicky Machen, Kim Neuenkirchen, Melissa Trafela, Sue Twelftree Coaches – Blagoi Blagoev (Head), Ray Epstein
2004.
Australia represented in powerlifting: 
Men – Darren Gardiner, Steve Green, Wayne Sharpe Women – Deahnne McIntyre 
Coaches – Martin Leach (Coach), Michael Farrell
Gardiner originally finished third but was awarded the silver medal after Habibollah Mousavi gold medallist in +100 kg was disqualified after a positive doping test.
2008.
Representing Australia in powerlifting: 
Men – Darren Gardiner, Abebe Fekadu Women – Deahnne McIntyre Coaches – Ray Epstein (Head Coach), Bill Nancarrow
2012.
Selected team of 2 athletes. 
Men – Darren Gardiner and Abebe Fekadu. 
Coaches – Ray Epstein (Head) 
Darren Gardiner, a previous Games medallist competed at his fourth Games and Fekadu, a refugee from Ethiopia at his second Games. Australia did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36527546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527546" title="2012 Manta Open">
2012 Manta Open

The 2012 Manta Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Manta, Ecuador between 28 July and 5 August 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36527548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527548" title="Yamabiko (folklore)">
Yamabiko (folklore)

The yamabiko (山彦) is a Japanese mountain god, spirit, and yōkai.
Also one lets out some sounds towards the slopes of mountains and valleys and emit sound, the phenomenon of when it comes back echoing with a delay is also called a "yamabiko" when it is thought to be the answering voice of a yamabiko or a phenomenon that a yamabiko caused. In that case, it is also written as 幽谷響. Also, it is also called "kodama" when it is thought to be the answering voice of a tree spirit, a "kodama (木霊 or 木魂)."
Legends by area.
In Tottori, Tottori Prefecture, a yobuko (呼子) or a yobukodori (呼子鳥) that lives in the mountain is thought to give out the yamabiko's voice. In Kusuyama of Hashikami village, Hata District, Kōchi Prefecture (now Sukumo), regardless of whether it was day or night, when a sudden dreadful voice is heard deep in the mountains, this strange phenomenon is called "yamahiko."
They are sometimes seen to be the same as the yamawaro told about in Western Japan, as well as the yamako in the Wakan Sansai Zue, and as it is thought that tree spirits would cause yamabiko to occur, they are also seen to be the same as the yōkai penghou that lives in trees. In collections of yōkai depictions like the Hyakkai Zukan and the Gazu Hyakki Yagyō, the yamabiko that looks like a dog is thought to be based on the yamako or the penghou.
The aforementioned yobukodori of Tottori is said to take on the appearance of a bird, and other than that, there is also a small rock mountain in Kitaazumi District, Nagano Prefecture called the "yamabiko rock" (山彦岩) that return people's words, among other appearances of the word "yamabiko," and thus it can be seen that the yamabiko as yōkai are not uniform in either origin or what kind of yōkai they are.

</doc>
<doc id="36527596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527596" title="Exoplanet (album)">
Exoplanet (album)

Exoplanet is the debut studio album by progressive metal band The Contortionist, released through Good Fight Records on August 31, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36527672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527672" title="Queen's Blade Grimoire">
Queen's Blade Grimoire

Story.
The prologue to the story is told as a conversation between two undisclosed characters. The same story appears in all the published books (without the conversation part) in heavily decorated, barely readable English.
"Hey grandmother, tell me a story!"
"Okay. How about I tell you the best story that I know?"
"It's a story that takes place in a separate world. 
Mel Fair Land, the country of endless summer. 
It was a peaceful world, where humans and other species lived alongside magic. However, when the arrived suddenly, we knew that our endless summer was coming to an end. 
According to the astrologists' predictions, She who defeats the Devil must be wielding the legendary sword called "The Queen's Blade." 
Thus, the who rules the country, gathered the most confident, beautiful warriors from all over the world and started a tournament which would find out who the most suitable warrior was. 
But the beautiful warriors who gathered were not here to save the world... Instead, the tournament was filled with the most outrageous bunch of girls you'll ever hear of."

</doc>
<doc id="36527691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527691" title="Tiger Heart">
Tiger Heart

Tiger Heart is a 1996 American film directed by Georges Chamchoum.
Plot summary.
A martial arts expert takes on a gang of criminals.

</doc>
<doc id="36527701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527701" title="Il commissario di ferro">
Il commissario di ferro

Il commissario di ferro (internationally titled "The Iron Commissioner " and "The Iron Superintendent") is a 1978 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Stelvio Massi.

</doc>
<doc id="36527709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527709" title="Tatsudaryo Incident">
Tatsudaryo Incident

This became national news. The issues were the right of children to attend public school despite their parents illness, the right of the general public to avoid contagion, the accuracy of the predictions made by the medical community, and the rights of the local community over national control of education.
Background.
When leprosy sanatoriums were constructed in 1909, the question arose concerning the care of children born to leprosy patients. In the Kyushu Sanatorium, now the Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium, healthy, non-resident relatives of the family were directed to care for the children of leprosy patients. Another option was to allow the Tairo-in Sanatorium, or Tairoin Hospital take care of the children with funding provided by the leprosy prevention association.
The following is a sample list of fees for children boarded out.
Residence for children.
In 1935, Keifūen Home was constructed within the campus of Kyushu Sanatorium by the Leprosy Prevention Association for the children of patients with leprosy. Those patients in the Keifuen Home were transferred to the Tatsuda Ryo. 
A school was created within the dormitory. There was one teacher. Education was limited. Patients' children of high school and junior high school age were attending local public schools, but primary school-age students were not. 
In 1942,　the Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium insisted that Kumamoto City should integrate the primary school students, as well. While the city officials agreed, the public school officials declined.
Number of primary school pupils in Tatsuda Ryo.
Twenty-three primary aged children were involved:
The Proposal of Matsuki Miyazaki.
Matsuki Miyazaki was a physician, leprosy specialist, and Director of the Kyushu Sanitorium. In December 1953, he met with the principal of the Kurokami Primary School to ask him to consider admitting children of leprosy patients. He requested an answer by April 1954.
The school principal said he would agree if their Parent Teacher Association (PTA) would agree. Ryunosuke Seguchi was president of the PTA. He was a physician and chairman of the Kyushu Prefectural Assembly. Seguchi said that the problem should be handled cautiously but offered no definitive answer. Miyazaki then sent a formal request to the Kumamoto District Legal Affairs Bureau asking that discrimination in schooling should be halted. Seguchi publicly disagreed with this request. The issue became national news.
The Incident.
Authorities confront the local PTA.
On December 9, 1953, there was an annual meeting of the PTA of the Kurokami Primary School. Participants included Miyazaki, Seguchi, members of the city educational committee, and local representatives of the city. 
A questionnaire had been sent out to parents. The results of the questionnaire were made public. Those in favor of schooling were 420 (34%), against schooling were 795 (64%) and 14 (2%) were neutral. The Kumamoto District Legal Affairs Bureau expressed the opinion that 1) In four other leprosy sanatoriums, there had been no trouble integrating students without infection. 2) Tadao Toda, a Professor of Bacteriology at Kyushu University and Professor Kentaro Higuchi, a Professor of Dermatology, Kyushu University had expressed the view that non-infected students infecting other pupils with leprosy was inconceivable. 
The three ministries of Japan of Education, Justice and Welfare expressed the view that denial of schooling would be illegal. The Ministry of Welfare stated that proper health maintenance could not lead to the infection of leprosy. The ministry of education thought that pupils should attend the school without discrimination, since there was no possibility of infection. The Ministry of Justice stated that the pupils should attend the school. 
On March 1, the following policy was established by the Kumamoto District Legal Affairs Bureau that 1) the city education committee should ensure that the pupils attend the public school starting April 1, 1954; 2) the Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium should give more strict health maintenance to the pupils. The meeting was attended by the Legal Affairs Bureau staff, the city education committee members and the Kikuchi Keifuen staff.
The Opposition Movement started.
On March 1, 1954, the citizens of the Kurokami Primary School held a meeting on the school grounds. Protestors claimed that although the pupils in the Tatsuda Ryo were said to be not infected, five pupils had been isolated. The protestors did not believe that there was no danger of infection. They were not convinced of the method of treatment.
The rate of developing leprosy among pupils was 0.7%. Based on that statistic, the protestors felt that they could not endanger their 1,800 students. On March 10, Okamoto, the chairman of the city education committee stated at the city assembly that they had reached the conclusion that the pupils should attend the school. This was broadcast on the radio the following day. Members of the PTA intensified their opposition. On March 12, they announced that they would stage a strike. 
Some of the members of PTA stated that they would favor integration if a third party would guarantee that the prospective attendees had not been infected. This strengthened the opposition movement. Because of the conflict, the principal of the school retired and Toko Kozaki assumed the post of the principal on May 1.
The opposition strengthens.
On June 15, 1954, the opposition movement requested the abolishment of the Tatsuda Dormitory. A conflict started between the two lobbyist groups. Japanese Education Minister Oodate heard from both sides when he visited Kumamoto on October 7. 
The group who favored integration of primary students stated that the attitude of the Kurokami Primary School was deplorable, since graduating primary students go from the Tatsuda Ryo to local secondary schools and high schools. Miyazaki said that the prevention of leprosy was a national policy. Children born of leprosy patients live in the Tatsuda Ryo in order not to infect children. The problem should be solved from the standpoint of equal right of education. In other parts of Japan, children born of leprosy patients were welcomed. 
The opposition said that they heard the explanation from Dr. Miyazaki, but it was pressure from the law and science. They had heard that three persons had developed leprosy from the Tatsuda Ryo. In the case of Sakurayama High School, they admitted a student secretly. The president of the PTA said that enlightenment should be come first; if the local inhabitants became convinced. Otherwise, the children cannot feel safe. 
Meetings of both sides were frequently held in the small community. When the city education committee sent a letter allowing the children to go to school, three members of the opposition movement went on a hunger strike before the city education committee.
Mediation.
The hunger strike continued over 155 hours when it was stopped by the mediation of Morio Takahashi, the President of the Kumamoto College of Commerce. He would take care of the questioned children (one boy and two girls) at his house and let them go to the school. 
A commencement ceremony took place on April 18, 1955. The children went to school accompanied by a female teacher of another school. The incident appeared to be solved but the school had taken special precautions. The children were encircled by classmates of the pro-schooling movement and special attention was given to school lunch. Starting in the fall of 1955, the children of the Tatsuda Ryo were secretly sent to various institutions and homes and relatives. In October 1957, the Tatsuda Ryo was formally abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="36527718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527718" title="Rufus King International School – Middle Years Campus">
Rufus King International School – Middle Years Campus

Rufus King International School – Middle School Campus, or Rufus King Middle School, is a public magnet intermediate school located on the north side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, part of the Milwaukee Public Schools district. It was launched in September 2010 in the Ronald McNair building.
The middle school, which began its first school year in 2010, is part of the 6-12 program of Rufus King International School. The program incorporates the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Programme.
The curriculum includes English, math, science, social studies, Spanish, and an engineering program. Electives include physical education, music and art.

</doc>
<doc id="36527737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527737" title="2012 Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
2012 Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

Chichi Scholl was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Bethanie Mattek-Sands.
Julia Glushko won the title, defeating Johanna Konta in the final, 6–3, 6–0.

</doc>
<doc id="36527755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527755" title="Brian Gross">
Brian Gross

Brian Gross (born in 1976 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) is an actor starring in the 1998 TV series "Wind on Water" as Kelly Connolly and has also appeared in numerous films and TV movies.
Gross will portray Captain James T. Kirk from episode 11 in the fan-created series .
Personal.
Gross graduated from his high school in Iowa in 1995. He then went on to obtain his degree in International Business from Loyola Marymount University. He is also an outspoken advocate of gay rights.

</doc>
<doc id="36527775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527775" title="Canon EOS M">
Canon EOS M

Canon EOS M is the first mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera produced by Canon.
DPReview noted that the EOS M is effectively a miniature version of the Canon EOS 650D, which was introduced in June 2012, with a simpler physical interface. The letter M in EOS M stands for "mobility" and EOS means "electro-optical system".
It was replaced by the Canon EOS M2 in late 2013.
Design.
The camera has a 3-inch touchscreen with support for multi-touch gestures such as pinch to zoom, swiping and tapping. The camera uses an 18 megapixel APS-C sensor and a DIGIC 5 processor, similar to the Canon EOS 650D.
The camera uses an EF-M lens mount which can accept Canon EF and EF-S lenses with an additional mount adapter. Three EF-M lenses,11-22mm f/4-5.6 IS STM, a 22mm f/2 STM pancake lens and an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS STM, are available.
The camera does not include a built-in flash, but launched with a dedicated Canon Speedlite 90EX, which will be a part of a bundle pack for this camera in some markets. The camera is capable of supporting Standard Definition video at 30fps or 25fps, 720p HD video at 60fps or 50fps, and 1080p Full HD video at 30fps, 24fps or 25fps.
Firmware updates.
On 27 June 2013, new firmware v2.0.2 was released with the following fixes and improvements
Sales.
The EOS M is sold in the United States as a kit with an EF-M 22mm lens for a list price of $799.99 since November 2012.
In Canada, it's sold with the EF-M 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS STM lens and flash.
In the European Union, three separate kits are available (all prices including VAT):
The EOS M bundled with a new EF-M 22mm f/2 STM kit lens was available since October 2012 for an estimated retail price of $799.99.
The new EF-M 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS STM lens, Mount Adapter EF-EOS M and Speedlite 90EX will all be available in October 2012 at an estimated retail price of $299.99, $199.99 and $149.99 respectively. Prices have since dropped dramatically, especially in bundled kits.
Canon EOS M2.
A new model (Canon EOS M2) was announced on December 2013. The camera is about 10% smaller than the first version, adds Wifi capabilities, and an improved autofocus system which Canon calls "Hybrid CMOS AF II".
The EOS M2 comes with same sensor as used in Canon 100D / SL1 DSLR, the AF speed of EOS M2 is approx 2.3 times faster than Canon EOS M camera, the continuous is also bit increased (4.6 vs 4.3 fps).

</doc>
<doc id="36527796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527796" title="Intrinsic (album)">
Intrinsic (album)

Intrinsic is the second studio album by progressive metal band The Contortionist, released through E1/Good Fight Music on July 17, 2012.
Release and promotion.
On May 30, 2012, the band revealed the album title and artwork; they also announced pre-order bundles for Intrinsic. The first single, "Holomovement", was released digitally on June 11, 2012. The band also released a video of the song with animated lyrics. On July 17, 2012, the band has released a video for the song Causality.

</doc>
<doc id="36527797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527797" title="Laura Weightman">
Laura Weightman

Laura Weightman is a British runner at the distance of 1500m who reached the final at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
She is coached by Steve Cram, former world 1500m record holder and Olympic Silver medalist.
Education.
Weightman was educated at "The Duchess Community High School", a state comprehensive school in the market town of Alnwick in Northumberland, in North East England. She currently is living in Leeds training full-time after graduating with a Sport and Exercise Science degree from Leeds Metropolitan University in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36527819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527819" title="Steve Doerr">
Steve Doerr

Steve Doerr is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally for the Memphis Americans in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
Doerr attended Indiana University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1977 to 1980. In 1978 and 1980, the Hoosiers finished runner-up to the San Francisco Dons in the NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. In 1981, Doerr turned professional with the Memphis Americans of the Major Indoor Soccer League. He played one hundred games for the Americans over three seasons before retiring in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36527822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527822" title="Rufus King International School">
Rufus King International School

Rufus King International School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36527826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527826" title="Ethel G. Hofman">
Ethel G. Hofman

Ethel Greenwald Hofman (born 1939) is a widely syndicated Jewish American food and travel columnist, author and culinary consultant. She is a recognized authority on international Jewish foods and culture, with special emphasis on Israel and the United Kingdom.
Early life.
Hofman was born in Glasgow, Scotland, one of three children to Jean and Harry Greenwald. In 1914, when her father, grandfather and paternal uncles left Russia, they thought they were going to America. They wound up in Lerwick in Scotland’s Shetland Islands, over 300 miles from the closest Jewish community. In 1935, her father married Jean Segal, who had grown up in Scotland. Ethel’s parents moved back to Lerwick when she was six weeks old. There they became small shopkeepers, with their variety store selling everything “from candy to condoms.” Even though the Greenwalds constituted the Jewish population of the island, the family maintained a strong Jewish identity. Jean Segal Greenwald had been brought up in an Orthodox Jewish household, could read Hebrew, and spoke Yiddish with her husband. During World War II, from 1941–45, Jean Greenwald annually organized Passover seders for British troops. The first was conducted by Sir Israel Brodie, who went on to become Chief Rabbi of Great Britain.
Following her graduation from Glasgow College of Domestic Science in 1959, Hofman moved to Chicago to live with an aunt. She took a one-year dietetic internship at the University of Chicago, and then served for three-and-a-half years as Chief Administrative Dietitian at Michael Reese Hospital, where she met her husband. After moving for two years to Basel, Switzerland, and then to Boston (where she was a nutritionist at the Harvard School of Public Health under Professor Jean Mayer), she settled with her family in Philadelphia.
Hofman's husband, Dr. Walter I. Hofman, is a forensic pathologist who was elected coroner in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. The couple has two children.
Culinary career.
Hofman came to cooking, and Jewish cooking in particular, in her mother’s kitchen. She studied continental cuisine with local chefs during her years in Switzerland, and advanced gourmet cooking at Le Cordon Bleu in London. In Philadelphia, she established The Instant Gourmet, that city’s first cooking school. She also met and worked with some of the leading figures in the industry, including Emeril Lagasse, Jacques Pépin and Julia Child, from whom she took master cooking classes. In 1995, she was elected president of the International Association of Culinary Professionals.
Philosophy and reception.
Hofman’s food philosophy and recipes have been described as uncomplicated: “’fresh, fast and easy’ is her basic approach,” with a focus on “healthy cooking.” Her Jewish home cooking recipes emphasize “convenience foods wherever possible, so that many of these dishes require the least possible time and effort … The result is both healthy simplicity and lively good taste.”
Her written works have been well received by critics, especially her cookbook "Everyday Cooking for the Jewish Home" and memoir "Mackerel at Midnight".
Journalism career.
Print journalism.
Hofman began writing on culinary subjects in 1980. She was a feature writer for the "Philadelphia Inquirer" and Philadelphia's "Jewish Exponent", and from 1985-2011 served as Food Editor for the "Baltimore Jewish Times". Her feature articles have appeared in publications such as "Gastronomica", "TeaTime" and over a dozen other publications. She was a syndicated columnist with Knight-Ridder and self-syndicated her culinary columns to American Jewish newspapers. By 2005, her columns appeared in some 20 Jewish newspapers, including the "Washington Jewish Week", "Chicago Jewish Star" and the "Jewish News of Greater Phoenix".
Broadcast journalism.
Hofman has made guest appearances on national television and radio, including "Cooking Live" on the Food Network.

</doc>
<doc id="36527829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527829" title="Beaumont Street, Newcastle">
Beaumont Street, Newcastle

Beaumont Street is a major street in Newcastle, Australia running from the Islington antiques district on Maitland Road to Henry Park in Hamilton South to. While the southernmost end of the street is primarily residential, the stretch between Tudor and Donald Streets is recognised as Newcastle's "Little Italy". In recent years, the northernmost end of Beaumont Street (between the Sydney Junction Hotel and The Gateway Hotel on Maitland Road) has become Newcastle's new gay precinct.

</doc>
<doc id="36527830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527830" title="Borrowed Wives">
Borrowed Wives

Borrowed Wives is a 1930 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer.
Plot summary.
Peter Foley (Rex Lease) is a beneficiary of his grandfather, who leaves him $1 million in his will. The condition for Peter getting the money is that he gets married. Peter is very interested in getting the money, especially since he has debts, and plans to marry Alice Blake (Vera Reynolds) as soon as she arrives from Kansas City. He plans to take her to his Uncle Henry's (Charles Sellon) home before midnight to actually get the inheritance. The uncle needs to see the girl whom Peter is about to marry before he releases the money. Alice's airplane is delayed though. The man to who Peter is in debt, Parker (Sam Hardy), insists that his own girl friend, Julia (Nita Martan), pose as Peter's wife in the meantime. Alice is informed by Joe Blair (Robert Livingston), a man who is secretly interested in marrying Alice himself, that Peter is actually married to Julia. Alice agrees to marry Joe if this is true. Peter and Julia are pursued by Bull (Paul Hurst), a motorcycle policeman who loves Julia. Further complications arise at Uncle Henry's, when Lawyer Winstead (Harry Todd), who is found bound and gagged, agrees to marry them. The uncle, revealed to be posing as a paralytic, is exposed as a villain, but Peter and Alice are ultimately married before the last hour appointed in the will.

</doc>
<doc id="36527835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527835" title="Konadu">
Konadu

Konadu is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36527875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527875" title="Boca Alumni">
Boca Alumni

Boca Alumni was an Argentine football team established in La Boca district of the city of Buenos Aires. Boca Alumni participated in the Argentine Football Association tournaments from 1922 to 1931 when the team disaffiliated.
History.
Boca Alumni was established on 1 September 1907 in a bar located in Garibaldi street of La Boca. The founders took the name from the neighborhood where it was founded and the colors from legendary team Alumni, which is the most successful team of the amateur era in Argentine football with 10 championships won.
The club had its first stadium in Wilde, Buenos Aires but then it moved to Villa Dominico in 1917. Boca Alumni finally established its venue in the Mihanovich Shipping Company stadium, which was located in the Isla Maciel of Dock Sud district in Avellaneda Partido. That stadium was placed very close to the coast of Riachuelo.
In 1922 the team promoted to Primera División that gave it the chance to play against "the other" team called Boca. Both teams faced for the first time in a friendly match on 26 March 1922, where 4,000 spectators attended to the game that Boca Juniors won by 2-0.
But Boca Alumni would defeat Boca Juniors 2-1 in their first official match, disputed on 19 November that same year. The squad remained in the top division of Argentine football until 1926 when both leagues, Asociación Amateurs Argentina de Football and Asociación Argentina de Football (where Boca Alumni played) merged into one and therefore many teams were relegated to the second division.
Boca Alumni played in the second division (current Primera B) from the 1927 season where the team finished last with only 13 points in 34 games. Nevertheless, the team would make its best campaign in 1931, when finished 2nd along with All Boys and Progresista. Therefore Boca Alumni had to play a playoff in order to define what team would promote to Primera after Liberal Argentino. Finally it was All Boys which won the minitournament promoting to the top division. 
The match that Boca Alumni lost to Progresista by 2-1 (although it was suspended) was the last game that Boca Alumni played in official tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="36527879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527879" title="Absolute Pleasure">
Absolute Pleasure

Absolute Pleasure is a live album by Detroit rock band Electric Six. It is composed of recordings from shows at both First Avenue in Minneapolis, Minnesota and the Double Door in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="36527922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527922" title="2012 Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2012 Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

Tamaryn Hendler and Chichi Scholl were the defending champions, but they did not partner up together. Hendler partnered with Alexandra Mueller while Scholl partnered up with Chalena Scholl. Hendler and Mueller lost in the first round, whilst the Scholls lost in the quarterfinals.
Shuko Aoyama and Xu Yifan won the title, defeating Julia Glushko and Olivia Rogowska in the final, 7–5, 6–7(4–7), [10–4].

</doc>
<doc id="36527995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36527995" title="Lake Oesa">
Lake Oesa

Lake Oesa is a body of water located in the mountains of Yoho National Park, near Banff, Alberta, Canada. The lake gets its name from a Native American term for 'ice', as its surface is normally frozen. It can be reached from a trail which starts at Lake O'Hara.

</doc>
<doc id="36528011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528011" title="Patronato metro station">
Patronato metro station

Patronato is an underground metro station on the Line 2 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The tunnel that connects the station with Puente Cal y Canto metro station passes under the Mapocho River. The station is named after the barrio where it is located, which is Barrio Patronato.

</doc>
<doc id="36528175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528175" title="List of Bosniak members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
List of Bosniak members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

This is a list of Bosniak members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina is composed of three members, each member representing one of three constitutive nations of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs.
List.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36528221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528221" title="Scott Hamilton Kennedy">
Scott Hamilton Kennedy

Scott Hamilton Kennedy (born 1965) is an American film director, producer, writer and editor primarily known for his work in directing documentary films. He is known for writing and directing the documentary, "The Garden", which was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for the year 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36528250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528250" title="WTAY">
WTAY

WTAY 1570 AM is a radio station broadcasting a sports talk format. Licensed to Robinson, Illinois, USA, the station is owned by The Original Company, Inc. 
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WTAY is relayed by an additional translator to widen its broadcast area.

</doc>
<doc id="36528262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528262" title="Girls' Friendly Society">
Girls' Friendly Society

The Girls' Friendly Society (also known by their program name GFS Platform, or just GFS) is a philanthropic society that empowers girls and young women, encouraging them to develop their full potential through programs that provide training, confidence building, and other educational opportunities. Established by a group of Anglicans in England in 1875 to address, through Christian values, the problems of working-class out-of-wedlock pregnancies, as well as other problems of working class girls, it soon grew into a support organization for unmarried girls and young women who wished to better themselves.
History.
Beginnings.
In May 1874, the Reverend Thomas Vincent Fosbery (chaplain to Bishop Samuel Wilberforce), together with Mary Elizabeth Townsend (1841-1918), Catharine Tait (1819-1878), Elizabeth Browne (wife of the bishop of Winchester), and Jane Senior (1828-1877), met at Lambeth Palace and agreed on the basis for establishing the Girls' Friendly Society, which officially began its work on 1 January 1875. "The original rough plan of the Society's work and aim was written down in pencil in a tiny notebook in 1872." as Mary Elizabeth Townsend wrote in 1882 recalling her original concept. She shared her concept with Reverend Fosbery who had encouraged her with her previous charitable work with working class women. Reverend Fosbery introduced her to the older women with whom they formed the original steering committee. Mary Elizabeth Townsend was the first president of the G.F.S. and served as such through 1882. She was succeeded by Lady Grey who served from 1883 through 1889, when Townsend again resumed the presidency from 1890 through 1892. Mary Sidgwick Benson, wife of the Archbishop of Canterbury, was president from 1893 through 1895.
The GFS was set up to be non-sectarian; however, it utilized the infrastructure of the Church of England with parish, deanery, and diocesan groups. Its central office was in London as befit a national organization. Originally it was open to unmarried girls fourteen and older, but by 1879 it began to admit girls as young as eight years old. The core values of the GFS aimed at high moral standards for its members; they attempted to supply "for every working girl of unblemished character a friend in a class above her own." There were two classes of membership: the working class girls, known as members, and the ladies, called associates. Both classes paid annual subscription fees tailored for their class, half of which went to the local group and half to the central office. Associates provided "recreation rooms" often in parish facilities, although sometimes in their own homes, where working-class girls could meet with associates and each other, read, sew, sing, and enjoy simple refreshments. Later "houses of rest" were established for these purposes. The local groups were called "branches" and the whole organization was conceived of as a large tree with the central office as the trunk, and the members as leaves.
The central office of the GFS established a wide range of departments: one for their shop and factory workers programmes, one for publications, one for their "houses of rest" and one to deal with affiliated societies. GFS services included a circulating library and an employment exchange. The GFS published various journals, such as "Friendly Leaves", "Friendly Work" and "The Associates Journal". Publicity was also provided by Charlotte Mary Yonge, who featured the GFS in such novels as her "The Two Sides of the Shield" (1885). 
By 1878, the GFS had a presence in 19 dioceses in the United Kingdom and Gibraltar, as well as the first branches of the Girls' Friendly Society in America and Ireland. It had 10,678 members and 4442 associates. As the GFS expanded so did their concerns and the scope of their work. New departments established in the late 1800s included one dealing with the special needs of sick and blind members, and one dealing with the safety of emigrating girls and women-had been established. During the 1880s and 1890s, the GFS increased their offerings of training cources and workshops. Beginning in 1880, Queen Victoria bestowed her royal patronage on the society and the queen herself acted as an associate and admitted servant girls at Balmoral to membership.
1900s.
The GFS was not a participant in the women's suffrage movement in the United Kingdom or elsewhere.
GFS in the United States.
The GFS quickly spread across the Atlantic and around the Commonwealth. A number of Holiday Houses (retreat centers) as well as summer camp facilities were established in the United States, and many remain in operation.
There are active chapters in: 
Programmes.
England and Wales.
Locally the GFS reaches out at the branch level, with over 40 parish-based branches across England and Wales. These voluntary youth work branches work with girls and young women aged 7+.
The central office has three community projects based in (1) Great Yarmouth; (2) Penge, South London; and (3) Skegness. These work with young women up to the age of 25 who may be socially excluded from aspects of mainstream society.

</doc>
<doc id="36528275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528275" title="Chochenyo language">
Chochenyo language

Chochenyo (also called "Chocheño" and "East Bay Costanoan") is the name of the spoken language of the Chochenyo people. Chochenyo is one of the Costanoan dialects in the Utian family. Linguistically, Chochenyo, Tamyen and Ramaytush are thought to have been dialects of a single language.
The speech of the last two native speakers of Chochenyo was documented in the 1920s in the unpublished fieldnotes of the Bureau of American Ethnology linguist John Peabody Harrington.
The Muwekma Ohlone Tribe, which (as of 2007) is petitioning for U.S. federal recognition, has made efforts to revive the language. As of 2004, "the Chochenyo database being developed by the tribe ... from 1,000 to 2,000 basic words." By 2009, many students were able to carry on conversations in the Chochenyo language.

</doc>
<doc id="36528283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528283" title="Comaster">
Comaster

Comaster is a genus of crinoids.
Species.
The following species are included in the genus by the World Register of Marine Species: 

</doc>
<doc id="36528284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528284" title="Independent Olympians at the Olympic Games">
Independent Olympians at the Olympic Games

Athletes have competed as Independent Olympians at the Olympic Games for various reasons, including political transition and international sanctions. Independent athletes have come from Macedonia, East Timor, South Sudan and Curaçao following geopolitical changes in the years before the Olympics, from Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (present-day Montenegro and Serbia) as a result of international sanctions and from India as a result of suspension of its national olympic committee. Medals were won by Independent Olympians only at the 1992 Olympics during the shooting events.
The naming and country code conventions for these independent Olympians have not been consistent.
Precursors.
Prior to the 1906 Intercalated Games, entry was not restricted to teams nominated by National Olympic Committees (NOCs). Mixed-nationality teams competed in some team events. Participants in individual events are retrospectively credited to their nationality of the time.
The 1940 Winter Olympics was reassigned to Garmisch-Partenkirchen in spring 1939. In concert with Nazi German claims on Czechoslovakia, the organisers refused to recognise the Czechoslovakia NOC; however they were prepared to allow its athletes to enter under the Olympic flag. In any event, the Games were cancelled because of World War II.
In the Cold War, some athletes who emigrated from Communist European countries were unable to compete at the Olympics, as their original state's NOC neither wanted them on its own team nor gave them permission to transfer nationality. Some applied to compete as individuals in 1952 and 1956, but were refused.
When Guyana joined the 1976 Olympic boycott, its sprinter James Gilkes asked the IOC to be allowed to compete as an individual, but was refused.
1992 Summer Olympics.
During the 1992 Summer Olympics, athletes from the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Republic of Macedonia competed as Independent Olympic Participants. Macedonian athletes could not appear under their own flag because their National Olympic Committee (NOC) had not been formed. The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) was under United Nations sanctions which prevented the country from taking part in the Olympics. However, individual Yugoslav athletes were allowed to take part as Independent Olympic Participants. 58 athletes competed as Independent Olympic Participants, winning three medals. In addition, 16 athletes competed as Independent Paralympic Participants at the 1992 Summer Paralympics winning eight medals.
2000 Summer Olympics.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics, four athletes from East Timor competed as Individual Olympic Athletes during the country's transition to independence. Two athletes competed as Individual Paralympic Athletes at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Four athletes competed as Independent Olympic Athletes at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
After the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles and subsequent withdrawal of the country's National Olympic Committee, athletes from the country who qualified for the Games were allowed to compete independently. Three such athletes qualified.
The National Olympic Committee for South Sudan was not established between the formation of that state and the 2012 Olympic qualifying. One athlete from South Sudan qualified for the Games, and was allowed to compete as an independent.
Athletes from Kuwait were originally allowed to compete as Independent Olympic Athletes as well, because their National Olympic Committee (NOC) was suspended. However, the NOC was reinstated allowing the athletes to compete under their own flag. Kuwait competed under the Olympic flag at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics.
2014 Winter Olympics.
The Indian Olympic Association was suspended from the IOC in December 2012, due to problems with its electoral process. New elections were scheduled for 9 February 2014, two days after the start of the 2014 Winter Olympics. Therefore, the three Indian athletes who qualified for the Games were scheduled to compete as Independent Olympic Participants.
On 8 and 9 February, Shiva Keshavan participated in the Luge at the 2014 Winter Olympics – Men's singles and received 38th place. He would end up being the only athlete to officially participate as an Independent Olympic Participant.
On 11 February 2014 the IOC reinstated the Indian Olympic Association after Narayana Ramachandran, the president of the World Squash Federation, was voted in as the new president of the Indian Olympic Association, allowing the two remaining athletes to compete under the Indian flag rather than as independent athletes. This was the first time such a reinstatement of an NOC occurred as an Olympic Games were underway.
Other competitors under the Olympic flag.
At the 1980 Summer Olympics, in partial support of the American led boycott, 14 NOCs competed under the Olympic flag, while three, New Zealand, Spain and Portugal competed under their own individual NOCs.
The former Soviet Union competed under the Olympic flag at the 1992 Winter and Summer Olympics as a Unified Team.

</doc>
<doc id="36528286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528286" title="Kwesi Ahoomey-Zunu">
Kwesi Ahoomey-Zunu

Kwesi Ahoomey-Zunu is a Togolese politician who has been Prime Minister of Togo since July 2012. He was Minister of Trade from March 2011 to July 2012.
Political career.
Ahoomey-Zunu served as Minister of Territorial Administration and Secretary-General of the Presidency before being appointed as Minister of Trade and the Promotion of the Private Sector in March 2011. He remained in the latter post for over a year; he was then appointed as Prime Minister on 19 July 2012 following the resignation of Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo. He took office on 23 July 2012.
Following the July 2013 parliamentary election, in which the ruling Union for the Republic (UNIR) won a large majority of seats, Ahoomey-Zunu was reappointed as Prime Minister. A new government headed by Ahoomey-Zunu was appointed on 17 September 2013. The size of the government was reduced from 31 members to 26.

</doc>
<doc id="36528292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528292" title="List of Serb members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
List of Serb members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

This is a list of Serb members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina is composed of three members, each member representing one of three constitutive nations of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs.
List.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36528342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528342" title="Uncanny X-Cast">
Uncanny X-Cast

The Uncanny X-Cast is a niche Comic book audio podcast that features Marvel Comics' Mighty Mutants, the X-Men. Started in 2006, the X-Cast reunited two X-fans, Brian Perillo and Rob Briscoe. Perillo had been reading X-Men and other comics for over 25 years. Briscoe, however, returned to regular comic reading after a long hiatus.
The Uncanny X-Cast has featured interviews of various comic professionals; writers such as Chris Claremont, Louise Simonson, Jason Aaron, Rick Remender, Chris Yost, Mike Carey, Matt Fraction, Zeb Wells; colorist Brian Reber, podcasting legend Peter Rios; and editor Andy Schmidt. Adding to their rich depth of entertainment, Briscoe and Perillo also coordinated appearances with characters such as Colossus, Rogue, and Captain Britain. By far, their most popular and frequent visitor is Count Nefaria.
Format.
Every episode of the Uncanny X-Cast is different. With over 130 episodes, Briscoe and Perillo have experimented with the show's format. Some shows, such as Comic Geek Speak, have borrowed the system of "Buy, Borrow, Pass" to rate current issues. Others have used similar approaches to their "Retro Reviews" segment. The format of the show usually follows this pattern:
The Opening.
The show opens with introductions by Bumper Girl (Amanda, Rob's wife). Each host's introduction is followed by a notable quotation, usually spoken at some point later in the same episode. On occasion, the show will first begin with a called-in introduction done by a listener.
DCBS Sponsorship.
Through the show, Briscoe and Perillo have partnered with Discount Comic Book Services (DCBS). DCBS is a direct-to-door comics delivery service that also offers average savings of up to 70% off issues, #1 specials, action figures, and trade paper backs through their sister-site Instocktrades. Ordering through DCBS saves the trip to the comic store and the hassle of dealing with the possibility of the issue being sold out due to little quantity since everything comes to your door in perfect condition through DCBS. Entering the code "UXC8" will give 8% off your first order.
Letters / Voicemails.
Near the beginning of every episode, Brian and Rob answer fan letters and respond to voicemails. Generally these voicemails and letters provide for debates between the two hosts regarding the overall comics industry. During this segment, the hosts may talk about current news of upcoming comics, movies, and TV shows. Some topics may venture away from the X-Men, as Rob and Brian also give respected advice on hard topics such as dating, raising children, and sports. To contact the show, you can email them or call (765)-NEFARIA.
On Shelves Now.
Generally taking up the majority of the show's run-time, the On Shelves Now segment features reviews and commentary of current issues. The hosts give opinions on the writing, dialogue, and art. The rating systems follows and approach called "Buy, Borrow, Pass".
Middle Segment.
See more information followed below.
Retro Review.
Since episode #1, the hosts have undertaken the monumental task of reading and reviewing the entire run of Uncanny X-Men and X-Men related comics since Stan Lee and Jack Kirby's Uncanny X-Men #1, released in 1963. Never skipping an issue, Brian and Rob have reviewed Uncanny X-Men through the decades of its history and have also branched out to New Mutants, X-Factor, and Excalibur, but have since dropped Excalibur.
Closing Original Song.
The Uncanny X-Cast has released an album of their 50th episode musical special. At the closing of every episode, the show features one of their iconic original X-Men parody songs.
Middle Segments.
At least once an episode, the hosts will choose one middle segment. These include:
Fastball Special.
With a target duration of 5 minutes, the hosts respond in a quick-firing format to fan questions taken directly from their forum and Facebook page.
The X-Phone.
The formal interview segment of the show has hosted writers, artists, and editors. On occasion, the hosts interview local comic book shop owners and employees. During Episode 25, the hosts aired "live" calls of their listeners, one of which was Rick, who claimed to work at Rob's local comic shop. This escalated to a verbal fight between Rick and Brian, who he had confronted about ordering through DCBS.
Top 5.
Top 5's have included favorite characters, issue covers, mutant powers, characters who should turn evil, and character theme songs, among many others.
Inside the Mansion.
Set up as a way to re-familiarize Rob into the characters of the X-Men, Brian gives an in-depth history and biography of major X-Men characters. Since the show's inception, Rob has also contributed the bio of one of his favorite characters, Mammomax. Count Nefaria has also given his own rendition of his autobiography.
X-Roleplay.
During this segment, Brian and Rob interview each other, with the interviewee pretending to be either a current X-Men writer or character.
Chances Are.
Featuring predictions of upcoming events and story lines, the hosts rate the likelihood of each other's predictions.
Casting Call.
The hosts give their opinions of who they would imagine portraying certain characters. The first Casting Call was for if there was a movie of X-Factor.
Password.
Bringing in comics podcasting legend Peter Rios, inker Brian Reber, and super-fan Tony G, the hosts have borrowed the format of the popular television game show of the same name. Currently, the undefeated champion is Peters Rios.
Solve For X.
A newer segment to the show, clues are given to a secret character and the hosts try to determine who the character is.
Year End Awards.
Every January or so, the hosts give awards, praises, and commentary to the last year as a whole. Awards include best ongoing series, best writer, best character, best break-out character, best villain, worst character, and more.
History of the Podcast.
Brian and Rob met at Hanover Park High School in East Hanover, New Jersey. Having eaten lunch many times together in high school, Brian and Rob learned that they shared many similarities and interests with each other. First sharing an interest in baseball simulation games, they also grew a bond with each other due to their love for cartoons and comic books. At that time, Rob was not as into comics as Brian was, so Brian fostered a deep appreciation for comics in Rob and both made numerous visits to their local mall's comic shop, Fat Moose Comics & Games. Very quickly becoming close friends, Brian and Rob frequented the mall's arcade, candy shop, and comic store. Eventually, the two went their separate ways as Brian graduated and went off to college in Massachusetts. A year later, Rob graduated and started attending college in Alabama. Drifting apart, although keeping somewhat in touch via email and instant messaging, Brian and Rob eventually restrengthened their connection and friendship after college. Still keeping up with the X-Men, and knowing that Rob had liked them, Brian suggested that they attempt to make a podcast that talked about current and old X-Men comics. Right before the show's inception, the Brian and Rob had researched another show called the X-Cast, which featured two 15-year olds babbling about the movies. Clearly having no experience or depth of knowledge about the X-Verse, they had only released a few episodes and faded away. This put Brian and Rob's fears to ease since, really, no one else had successfully released an X-men podcast, so the pathway was wide open. The first episode was released in 2006. At that time, podcasting was pretty young, and not many shows were over an hour. Brian and Rob vitalized podcasting format, and their show serves as a true template for excellent podcasting. The format of the Uncanny X-Cast worked because Brian has a near encyclopedic memory of X-Men comics, having read most X-books and have stuck with them, while Rob has read some, left the habit, and wanted to get back into reading X-Men. Therefore, one host (Rob) had the newcomer mentality and asked many questions, while the other host (Brian) would answer the questions. Having been the first podcast in this niche market of X-Men, the hosts did not expect such an immediate success and high number of downloads. The show continues to be a power house of the world of podcasts and has released over 130 episodes.
Host Biographies.
Brian Perillo.
A native of New Jersey, Brian Perillo grew up with a fascination of superheroes. Whether it be the old 1960's cartoons, Super Friends, or Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends, Brian was enthralled in this fantasy world of superheroes. Brian's mother Joy recounts that Brian grew up watching episodes of Batman with his father, and even had superhero-inspired themes for his birthdays. At such a young age, Brian had difficulty getting into comics because of the convoluted history and continuity of many of the popular characters. However, at around 9–10 years old he stumbled across Power Pack, which featured tales about kids about his age at that time with super powers. There was not a lot of confusing continuity with Power Pack, so this became his first foray into comics reading. X-Men comics followed behind very quickly. After getting into X-Men and New Mutants, he was hooked. Throughout his early teenage years, Brian would do chores around the house, and as payment, his dad would buy him comics from the local comic store, Fat Moose Comics & Games at the Morris County Mall in Ceder Knolls, New Jersey. He started reading the X-Men because of the desire to read stories about Angel and Iceman, two characters he loved from some of the Saturday morning cartoons that he would watch. A quickly passionate hobby, Brian aimed to grow his comics collection. Brian met Rob at Hanover Park High School in East Hanover, New Jersey. Brian is a year older than Rob. Brian graduated high school in 1992 and started college in Massachusetts. Another of Brian's favorite local comic shop in New Jersey (Dewey's Comic City) held months worth of comics for Brian while he was away, so Brian would have tons of comics to return to when he visited home during holiday breaks. During senior year of college, Brian met his wife Laura. After college, Brian got back into reading comics regularly. Working in Boston right out of college and having a stable enough income, Brian started to branch out to other comics besides the X-Men. Having kept in touch with Rob via email and instant messaging, he suggested starting up the podcast. Brian is currently married and has three sons.
Rob Briscoe.
Similarly with Brian, at a young age Rob was also intrigued with super heroes and other sci-fi related stories. He would venture into comic shops with his cousins, and Rob first became hooked with G.I. Joe comics. His cousins eventually introduced him to the world of the X-Men. Unlike Brian though, Rob did not ever intend to be an avid collector. He simply enjoyed the stories during the convenient times he was able to read them. Rob became attached to the X-Men because they were outsiders and characters that he could easily identify with. Rob's brother Woody, an occasional guest to the show, frequently gives Rob a hard time because of his love for the X-Men. To quote Woody Briscoe from Episode 100, "Rob and the X-Men were a perfect match because they were freaks, just like Rob". Becoming fast friends with Brian in high school, they two frequented the local mall's arcade, candy shop, and comics store. With Brian having graduated in 1992, and Rob still being a senior in high school, he continued comics reading although felt more isolated because his friend had left for college. Rob graduated in 1993, and enrolled at the University of Alabama. While Rob was out of state, Dewey's Comic City in Madison, NJ shipped comics to him at cost, although Rob felt like he could not break the pattern and relationship with Dewey. Eventually, Rob's mother made the breakup for him since it was her credit card paying for the comics. Thus, Rob's long-time reading habit had nearly diminished. Long after college had ended, and having kept in touch with Brian throughout the years, Brian had suggested starting up an X-Men podcast because of Rob's former love for the mutants. Rob agreed and also provides a technical role for the show as editor. By the start of the podcast, Rob was then engaged to his now-wife Amanda, a.k.a. Bumper Girl. They have a son and daughter.
Frequent Visitors and Contributors.
Count Luchino Nefaria.
Count Nefaria is a frequent visitor to the X-Cast. This version of the count is the vampiric leader of the Maggia and speaks with a highly aristocratic, pompous, Italian accent. However, the accent, on occasion, has been misheard and confused as sounding very similar to the voice of Colossus. The Count stopped by during Episode 57 to give his own Inside the Mansion. Count Nefaria served as one-time cohost during Episode 94, and during the episode, killed and ate Peter Rios.
Peter Rios.
Podcasting legend of Comic Geek Speak, Peter Rios is a Puerto Rican native of the "beautiful" city of Philadelphia (see Inside Jokes below). Peter is two-time reigning champion of Password and has served as cohost twice, once during Episode 94 and a second time during Episode 133. Peter was killed and eaten by Count Nefaria in Episode 94. He contributed to the history of the X-Cast during Episode 100, speaking from heaven. Since, he has mysteriously returned from the beyond and served as cohost during the show's first Three's Company during Episode 133.
Stan Lee.
X-Men father Stan Lee has appeared numerous times on the show. Stan occasionally stops by to give words of advice to the youthful Rob and Brian. Rob sang a beautiful musical parody of the Hanukkah Song with the help of Stan during episode 79, one of the show's many holiday specials. Stan was featured heavily as narrator of Episode 100: Rise and Fall of the Uncanny X-Cast.
Linguini.
An original creation of the show, Linguini is an unofficial and forgotten member of the Giant Size X-Men team. Linguini has a very heavy Italian accent and popularized the phrase "What, you no like?"
Captain Britain.
This version of Captain Britain is a pompous jerk who lives in seclusion with his elf-mutant wife Meggan. Rob and Brian have ranked Captain Britain as having one of the worst costumes in X-history. In the alternate future during Episode 100, Captain Britain and Banshee started the "Adjectiveless X-Cast" which featured segments called On Sale Now, Top 7, and Rewind Review.
Drunken Warren Worthington.
Initially appearing in a parody of the film "It's a Wonderful Life", a drunken Warren Worthington III, otherwise known as Angel, showed Brian what would have happened if he and Rob had never met.
Bumper Girl.
Amanda, Rob's wife, provides the voice and role of Bumper Girl. She sings her laments about her husband's role with the podcast during the 50th Episode Musical song that parodied "On My Own". It is highly implied that Count Nefaria has intense romantic feelings for Bumper Girl.
Tony G.
Long-time fan of the show Tony G (a.k.a Mobile Home) has participated in many moments of the show's history. In the alternate timeline during the "It's a Wonderful Life" parody in Episode 54, Tony was cohost of the Uncanny X-Cast with Rob. Tony was defeated by Peter Rios in the first Password game.
Your Boy Eddie.
Your Boy Eddie is a frequent voice mailer and All-Around Stud, who has earned this title by leaving messages for the hosts usually either during or leading up to sexual intercourse. Eddie's calls usually also feature a female accomplice.
Rob from Katy.
Frequent voicemailer, Rob from Katy is a schoolteacher by day. In order to conceal his identity, he uses a disguised voice when he calls, sounding very similar to famous movie trailer narrator Don LaFontaine. Rob did the bumpers for Episode 100.
Inside Jokes.
The Obligatory Cypher Reference.
Until Cypher's reappearance and "rebirth" into the X-Universe, Brian was known to somehow bring up the character of Cypher in many of the show's discussions. By the hands of Louise "Wheezy" Simonson, Cypher was killed by the Ani-Mator when he jumped in front of a bullet to save his love Rahne Sinclaire, otherwise known as Wolfsbane. His death happened during New Mutants #60, released in 1988. During this time, Brian gave up reading comics for 3 months and wrote writer Louise Simonson a nasty letter. Brian relived reading this moment during the Retro Review of this issue in episode 88, which also included a tribute song to the character, sung by Cypher's New Mutants teammates. The moment of Cypher's death had emotionally impacted Brian at a young age and this event led to his years of therapy to help deal with the loss of his most beloved character. Through his grieving process, Brian give spirit to the legend of Cypher, which inevitably helped led to the return of his character to mainstream comics. Zeb Wells brought Cypher back to life during the X-Necrosha storyline as a tough, emotionless hero. Even with Brian now reunited with his favorite character, Cypher continues to be a controversial topic of the X-Cast since he has since suffered miserably under the writing of Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning.
Mammomax.
Maximus "Mammomax" Jensen is one of Rob's favorite characters, mainly in part of his fascination with the bipedal elephant-shaped mutant. Rob grieved the loss of Mammomax during Episode 16, which featured the review of the death of this short-lived mutant.
Paradox.
With the hopes of branching out into the comics-writing business, Brian wrote a fan-fiction story called Paradox, which featured the New Mutants. Paradox can be found in its unfinished entirety here.
Price is Right Song.
From time to time, Rob will play the theme song to the hit game show Price is Right. This is usually during dead-air time when one of the hosts is looking up a factoid or perhaps to conceal private information not safe for public release. Only one listener, The Masked Hero, has been "Price is Right'd" (Epi 102) in the show's history so far.
"Put It On the Board".
A frequent phrase uttered by the hosts in regards to disagreements of predictions of the future of the X-Universe. Each host takes a different stance on predictions relating to character returns, how major arcs will end, predicted character deaths, and more.
Show "Contests".
The show has been known to host contest to further enhance the relationship with their fan community. Contests have included fan submissions of X-Men related recipes and photos of fans listening to their show with their children. The most common negative criticism regarding these contests is due to certain winners never receiving their prizes.
UncannyX-Men.net Ban.
Early in X-Cast history, Brian posted a link to the podcast's website and iTunes page on UncannyX-Men.net's forum. Posted in the "Miscellaneous" section of the forum, Brian believed that he had not violated any of the X-men fan site's rules and regulations. However, his post was removed and he was received a ban from the site. Brian then apologized and appealed to get the ban removed. However, he never received a reply. Thus, UncannyX-Men.net was thereby considered an "Enemy of the Show". Tens of episodes later, UncannyX-Men.net moderator Douglas Mangum finally responded and revealed that Brian had sent his emails to a defunct address and that they were never received. The site was then promoted to ""Not" Enemies of the Show".
Is it a Sunset or a Nuclear Explosion?
This debate between the two hosts is in reference to the cover of Uncanny X-Men #413, one of Rob's Top 5 Uncanny X-Men Covers in the segment they did in Episode 3.
"Rick".
When the hosts aired "live" calls to their listeners during Episode 25, they called a fan by the name of "Rick" who claimed to work at Rob's local comic book store, Kingdom Comics in Birmingham, AL. Rick said that he was responsible for putting comics into Rob's pull box, which had frequently missed many X-related comics, leading to negative criticisms of the problems that many comic shops are guilty of. Consequently, Brian's praise of DCBS led Rick to verbally assault the hosts, however Brian and Rob successfully defended their stances that the local comic shop business is a declining industry and needs major improvements if it hopes to stick around. Feeling defeated, Rick hung up. If it unsure still to this day whether Rick was an actual employee of Kingdom Comics. Rick appeared in the alternate future "Rise & Fall of the Uncanny X-Cast" that occurred in Episode 100 saying that he had lost his job, his position he held as a Stormtrooper cos-player in the 501st Legion, and had his wife and kids leave him.
"Philly is a Dump".
Sometime during Episode 43, Rob made the quote, "Philly is a dump", much to the chagrin of his cohost Brian, due to the potential backlash received form Philly listeners. A shocked and offended Peter Rios continues to defend his position that Philadelphia is a beautiful city.
Peter David.
One would think that the mistaken "hatred" the boys share for current X-Factor writer Peter David would be because of his inconsistent writing quality and for the abysmal futuristic story arc of Cortex, an evil duplicate of Multiple Man. However, no. Because Mr. David has subjected his readers to the details of the life of his daughter through the recap page of X-Factor, Brian and Rob have grown to share a distaste for the man in general. Rob and Brian have also criticized the writer for the overinflation of his belief of the impacts he has had on the comics community. They have yet to interview him for the show.
Cherry Poptart.
Cherry Poptart is an adult comic book title featuring a young female character of the same name. Revealed in Episode 48, delving in Rob's past, Cherry helped Rob effectively deal with the urges and tendencies young boys experience while going through puberty. The series taught Rob what "not" to do, such as "not" participating in a brutal gang bang. The hosts interviewed writer and creator Larry Welz in Episode 80.
X-Men First Class Song.
As suggested by listeners of the podcast, Rob read and reviewed several issues of the comic series X-Men First Class by Jeff Parker. Clearly sporting a negative opinion, Rob reviewed First Class through song. Lyrics and song can be found here. Jeff Parker responds: "I don't care if it does roast our book horribly, I have to give it to the Uncanny X-Cast for getting out their feelings on X-Men First Class in song. Standing O!" Positive feedback from listeners led Rob and Brian to produce the 50th Episode Musical Special.
KAPOW!
KAPOW! is a catchphrase that Brian uses for Rob's misinformation of comics news and speculation. In a more recent episode, Rob gave misleading information regarding DC Comics' decision to make one of the Green Lanterns homosexual. He originally thought it was a character by the name of Kapow that would be the one to be revealed as gay. However, how he was confused was that the news of this character change was revealed at the Kapow Comics Convention.
Memorable Episodes.
Episode 31 - Clip Show.
During this episode, Rob and Brian have given their best moments from their first 25 episodes. Highlights include the reenactment of the Jean Grey orgasm, Psylocke's theme song Turning Japanese, the introduction of Count Nefaria, and the debate on whether the cover to Uncanny X-Men #413 was a sunset or a nuclear explosion.
Episode 50 - the Musical Episode.
Due to Rob's highly popular X-Men First Class Song, by recreating the words to a variety of popular songs, the boys featured the various segments of their podcast through the use of song parodies. One of the most memorable was the "Inside the Mansion" segment on Cyclops through the parody of the song Bust a Move (song) through the lyrics "Blast a Dude". The entire album can be downloaded on their site here.
Episode 75 - Inside the Panel.
The hosts brought in three comic podcasters to debate controversial topics of recent comic trends with host Brian Perillo. Their answers were judged by Rob. The guests included Lene Taylor of "I Read Comics", Ron Richards of iFanboy, and Louis Kwok of KwokTalk.
Episode 100 - The Rise and Fall of the Uncanny X-Cast.
Giving a history of their lives and the conception of their podcast, the hosts also ventured off midway to an alternate timeline, similar to the approach of the story arc Days of Future Past. In this timeline, Brian's New Mutants fan-fiction story Paradox was green-lit as a major television series. Rob, on the other hand, experienced heartache through the loss of his wife Bumper Girl to his acquaintance Count Nefaria. The boys in this alternate future were reunited on Stan Lee's 100th birthday for their final podcast.
Miscellaneous.
Three's Company.
Since Episode 133, the hosts have said that every episode ending in 3 will feature a 3rd cohost. The first cohost was Peter Rios.
X-Tra Credit.
Earlier in the show's run, this segment was introduced as a roundtable discussion of story arcs of popular titles that were far into the future of X-Cast reading at that time. The first X-Tra Credit, hosted by Brian, included commentary on the first arc of New Mutants. Rob hosted the 2nd X-Tra Credit with discussions on the first Ultimate X-Men trade.
X-Rap.
Forum contributor Worthington (aka Aaron) wrote, produced and performed a rap dedicated to the podcast. Serving as outro for the show for many episodes, it is now in the rotation of closing songs at the end of every episode. Full song and lyrics found here. Worthington also contributed another song for the show's 50th Episode Musical Special called "Top 5 Reasons to Listen to the Uncanny X-Cast".
Cafe Press site.
Fans can purchase memorabilia of the show through Cafe Press.
iTunes App.
Developed by Rob, the podcast released an app that can download and store locally any episode of the show. It can also allow for direct links to their website, Facebook, and Twitter, one-tap connection to emailing to the show, and automatic dialing to their voicemail. Download here.

</doc>
<doc id="36528344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528344" title="Cerro Blanco metro station">
Cerro Blanco metro station

Cerro Blanco is an underground metro station on the Line 2 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station takes its name from the nearby Cerro Blanco.

</doc>
<doc id="36528345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528345" title="Parmalee">
Parmalee

Parmalee is an American country music band consisting of brothers Matt Thomas (lead vocals, guitar) and Scott Thomas (drums), along with their cousin Barry Knox (bass) and Josh McSwain (guitar), who is a best friend since childhood. They are signed to the Stoney Creek division of Broken Bow Records and have charted on Country Airplay.
Career.
Early years.
Prior to the formation of Parmalee, Matt and Scott performed with their father in a group entitled Jerry Thomas and the Thomas Brothers Band. When their father retired, they wanted to continue spreading the gift of music so they started Parmalee, consisting of Matt and Scott Thomas, Josh McSwain, and Barry Knox. All members are able to play multiple musical instruments. Their first EP was titled "Daylight". The band drew attention from producer David Bendeth of RCA. Bendeth invited them to record three songs at Water Music Studios in Hoboken, New Jersey, which led to a publishing deal with Los Angeles-based Windswept Publishing. Then came an invitation from Bendeth to record the remainder of the 12 songs that comprise the band's full-length debut album, "Inside". Following the release, Parmalee spent nearly 2 years touring and promoting their album.
Parmalee also released a live acoustic album entitled "Unplugged" and a documentary-style DVD, "Inside Live". In 2006, they went to Los Angeles to begin recording with producer Stevo Bruno. They split their time between touring the East Coast and recording in California. They recorded the majority of the tracks in Los Angeles (Nikki Sixx, bassist of Mötley Crüe, collaborated with Parmalee on several tracks, both writing and producing), then travelled to Nashville to write, produce, and mix the remainder of the record with producer Kevin Beamish. Parmalee released the EP "Complicated" in 2008.
Shooting.
In September 2010, they were the victims of an attempted robbery. They had just finished playing at The Money, a local bar directly across from Winthrop University in Rock Hill, South Carolina, and were in their RV when two suspects, Dytavis Hinton and Demario Burris, entered the vehicle with a handgun demanding money. At this time, drummer Scott Thomas came out from the back of the bus with his own gun and told them to leave. The gunman, Burris, opened fire and Scott was shot in the leg, stomach, and shoulder. Returning fire, both suspects were hit, with Burris being killed and Hinton wounded. Thomas was in critical condition after the gunshot wound and was hospitalized in Charlotte, North Carolina for 35 days, 10 of which he spent in a coma. By May 2011, Scott was well enough to get behind a drum kit for the first time and the band finally performed their promised label showcase. He has since made a full recovery.
Stoney Creek Records.
While in Nashville, Parmalee met David Fanning from New Voice Entertainment at Sound Stage Studios. Alongside him the band recorded their hit "Musta Had a Good Time" in the back of their RV. The song led to both their production and record deals.
The inspiration for "Musta Had a Good Time" came right from their own lives. When the band formed, they all moved into the same house and parties happened almost every night. Scott clarifies: "I can say the car wasn't in the pool. My friend drove his truck into a small creek. That actually happened. We had to get a tractor to pull it out." And when they shot the video, another party broke out until the owner of the house where the video was being shot asked them to leave. The band got kicked out of their own video shoot. "'Musta Had a Good Time' describes that one epic party that all of us have either been to -- or hope to go to -- at some point in our lives," says Matt. "It's that one party that becomes a legend in a small town. The response that we get from fans when we play this song live is crazy -- the fans know all the words and everyone's dancing, and it becomes a party on stage and in the crowd. We're finding out that there's a lot of people out there who really like to have a good time." 
In June 2012, the band was featured as a Billboard “Bubbling Under” artist. A live performance video for the song debuted on AOL's TheBoot.com in July 2012 and the music video debuted in August 2012.
They were featured as Clear Channel’s NEW! Artist to Watch (Country) and the song was picked as one of CountryMusicIsLove.com's Top 15 Songs of Summer. "Taste of Country" gave the single two stars out of five.
Their second Stoney Creek single, "Carolina", was released to country radio on February 4, 2013. It reached Number One on the Country Airplay chart in December 2013.
Their third Stoney Creek single, "Close Your Eyes", was released to country radio on February 3, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36528353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528353" title="Oleg Kukhta">
Oleg Kukhta

Oleg Valeryevich Kukhta () is a Russian singer-songwriter, actor, former Spetsnaz GRU officer, and military intelligence man. He was titled a Honored Artist of Russia in 2008.
Biography.
Oleg Kukhta was born 27 December 1970 in Kinel-Cherkassy, Samara Oblast, Russian SFSR. When he was four years old, his family moved to Pervouralsk in Sverdlovsk Oblast.
Military career.
In 1988, he began his studies at "the Higher Airborne Command School (Military Institute)" in Ryazan. In 1990-1992 he interrupted his studies for service in the army. 1992-1993 he took part in the peacekeeping mission in the Republic of Serbian Krajina. 1994-1996 he continued his studies at "the Higher Airborne Command School" in Ryazan and at "the Military Command Academy" in Novosibirsk. He then took part in the First Chechen War (1994 to 1996) as commander of Spetsnaz GRU group. During the war he carried out many military operations, suffered a severe wound and was awarded the Order of Courage and medals. In 1999, he finished his military career and became a senior lieutenant in the Spetsnaz reserve.
Musical career.
He began his artistic career as an amateur singer during military service. In 1994, he became the first winner and 1995 Grand Prix winner of the All-Russian Military Song Festival "Victoria". In 1999, he performed in the International Festival "Slavyanskiy Bazar" in Vitebsk, and was awarded with a diploma. After completion of the military career he went from 1999 to 2012 as a soloist of the "Academic song and dance ensemble of Internal Forces of Ministry of Internal Affairs". In 2005 he graduated from the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts in Moscow and got the same year the title of "Honored Artist of North Ossetia-Alania". In 2008, he was titled a Honored Artist of Russia. Since 2011 he is soloist of the Orchestra of Russian Interior Ministry and began his solo career.

</doc>
<doc id="36528397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528397" title="Church of Saint Anthony Abbot">
Church of Saint Anthony Abbot

The Church of Saint Anthony Abbot (French: "Église de Sainte Antoine Abbé") is a Roman Catholic parish church in Aregno, Corsica. The church is about 827 feet (252 meters) above sea level and was declared a monument historique on February 9, 1995. It is a Baroque-style building and is dedicated to Saint Anthony of Egypt.
Architecture.
The church was inspired by the Church of the Gesù in Rome, visible on the church's façade. The church is two floors and is decorated with scattered pilasters and cornices. The entrance is surmounted by a curved pediment, as opposed to a triangular one, which is common in Corsica.
The church is decorated with two paintings on canvas:

</doc>
<doc id="36528403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528403" title="David Egan (soccer)">
David Egan (soccer)

David Egan is a retired American soccer player. He played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.
Egan attended Yale University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1975 to 1977. On May 5, 1978, the New England Tea Men of the North American Soccer League signed Egan. The Tea Men released Egan on December 23, 1978. Egan then signed with the Pittsburgh Spirit of the Major Indoor Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="36528405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528405" title="WTYE">
WTYE

WTYE 101.7 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Robinson, Illinois, the station is owned by The Original Company, Inc. 
WTYE has a construction permit to increase its effective radiated power from 3,100 watts to 12,000 watts, and upgrade its license from class A to B1. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528406" title="Ces dames préfèrent le mambo">
Ces dames préfèrent le mambo

Ces dames préfèrent le mambo is a French-Italian film starring Eddie Constantine as the American Captain Burt Brickford. The captain lives incognito on an island in Middle America since he has been accused of causing an accident and didn't trust the military court.
Synopsis.
Burt Brickford gets engaged as captain for a fun trip. Brickford hesitates to accept the job offer because the ship will be heading for Cuba. He is even more suspicious when his employer named Henery Legrand can provide him with a new passport. Yet Brickford is in desperate need of a new job and a new passport and so he can't decline.
When they are on sea, Brickford discovers a great deal of dynamite in Legrand's ship. He confronts Legrand who now admits to be a treasure hunter. Brickford takes him to the place where the treasure is supposed to be.
While Legrand's divers are looking in vain for a treasure, pirates attack the ship. They are led by a drug dealer named Paulo who intends to use the ship for smuggling drugs into the United States. Even so, there is no way Brickford would comply with that.

</doc>
<doc id="36528409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528409" title="Canon EF-M lens mount">
Canon EF-M lens mount

The Canon EF-M lens mount, introduced in 2012, is a derivative of the Canon EF lens mount designed for use with the Canon EOS M mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera. It has a 18mm flange focal distance (compared to 44mm for EF and EF-S lenses), though as it is designed for use with an APS-C-sized image sensor, it features the same crop factor (of roughly 1.6) as the existing EF-S lens mount. It allows the use of Canon EF and EF-S lenses with a Canon-made adapter, but it is not backwards-compatible with Canon's existing DSLR cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="36528429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528429" title="Brad Willis (Neighbours)">
Brad Willis (Neighbours)

Bradley "Brad" Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 31 October 1989. The character was initially played by Benjamin Mitchell, before Scott Michaelson took over the role two years later. Brad was re-introduced alongside his sister, Gaby (Rachel Blakely), during a period of roller coaster ratings for the show. Michaelson revealed that as soon as he learnt he had won the role of Brad, he went surfing five days in a row, as he knew he was going to be busy over the upcoming months. Michaelson signed a new twelve-month contract with "Neighbours" in October 1992 and a year later, he announced he would be leaving the soap. Michaelson filmed his final scenes in November and departed on 15 December 1993.
Before the character returned to "Neighbours", he was said to be living in America after gaining a basketball scholarship. The scriptwriters had wanted Brad to become a professional player, but after Michaelson told them he was a surfer, Brad became a "surf bum" instead. Brad was described as being a "friend to all" and a "nice, lovable fool". He had a caring attitude and a love for family. The character's storylines often revolved around his relationships. He dated his neighbour, Lucy Robinson (Melissa Bell), and then fell in love with Beth Brennan (Natalie Imbruglia). The couple became engaged, but Beth learned Brad was having an affair with Lauren Carpenter (Sarah Vandenbergh) on their wedding day. After dating different people for a while, Brad and Beth got back together and married.
In August 1992, Brad was shot after trying to save his mother from a hostage situation involving Bob Landers (Bruce Kilpatrick). Michaelson stated that Brad's actions might not have been sensible, but he acted instinctively and the actor thought that others would have reacted the same way. A writer from BBC Online named the storyline as Brad's most notable moment throughout his duration on the show. While a reporter for the "Herald Sun" called Brad "one of the show's most popular characters" and commented that Michaelson had a huge following because of his good looks. For his portrayal of Brad, Michaelson earned a nomination for Most Popular Actor at the 1993 Logie Awards. He also received a nomination for Hottest Man in Soap at the Inside Soap TV Awards, while Brad was nominated for Best Male Character.
On 7 February 2013, it was announced that Brad would be returning to "Neighbours", with Kip Gamblin taking over the role. The character was reintroduced on 20 May, along with his new wife, Terese (Rebekah Elmaloglou), and their teenage children, Joshua (Harley Bonner) and Imogen (Ariel Kaplan).
Casting.
Benjamin Mitchell made a brief appearance as Brad in October 1989, before going on to play the character's cousin, Cameron Hudson. Scott Michaelson then took over the role and he made his debut appearance in August 1991, alongside Rachel Blakely who played Brad's sister, Gaby. The characters were introduced to the show during a period of roller coaster ratings. Of the castings, James Cockington of "The Sydney Morning Herald" said "Ten still believes there is life in Ramsay Street and is introducing some new, young residents this week. Rachel Blakely, 23, and Scott Michaelson, 20, conform to the teen hunk/spunk category that has made "E Street" such a fun place to visit." Cockington opined that Michaelson looked like he had been taken from a surfboard at the Beach by a Grundy's talent scout. He quipped "Scott's panel-van accent, by the way, is genuine." Michaelson revealed to a writer from "Inside Soap" that as soon as he learnt he had won the role of Brad, he went surfing five days a week as he knew he was going to be busy over the upcoming months. He added that he intended to stay with the soap for a quite a while, though he would not stay for longer than four years.
Development.
Characterisation.
Before he made his first appearance in "Neighbours", Brad was said to be living in America after gaining a basketball scholarship. On his way to Australia, Brad stopped off in the fictional country of Bahgee and was arrested for drug trafficking. His parents, Doug (Terence Donovan) and Pam (Sue Jones), flew out to help him and Brad returned with them to Ramsay Street, where he was reunited with his elder sister, Gaby. The scriptwriters had wanted Brad to be a professional basketball player, but when Michaelson was offered the role, he told them he was a surfer and the character became a "surf bum" instead. On his first day in Erinsborough, Brad went to the beach to catch the waves and Josephine Monroe, author of "Neighbours: The First 10 Years", commented that it was clear Brad was not going to be a high achiever like his siblings.
In his book, "Neighbours: 20 years of Ramsay Street", Tony Johnston described Brad as a blond, tanned surfer, who matched his brawn with a caring attitude and a love for family. Johnston branded Brad "a hunk" and a "friend to all." A writer for "Inside Soap" described Brad as a "nice, lovable fool", while a "TV Times" journalist stated that "no one would put money on him winning a prize for original thinking." Brad's love for surfing eventually led him to find employment at a surfboard shop, where he designed boards for a while. However, when he realised his designs were being ripped off, he took a job at The Waterhole alongside his sister, Gaby. The siblings ended up competing for the manager's job and a writer for "Inside Soap" stated that both Brad and Gaby were convinced they were the right person for the position. They try to prove their worth to Philip Martin (Ian Rawlings), however when Gaby issues an ultimatum to him to choose between her and Brad, Philip fires her and promotes Brad.
Relationships.
While he is in Surfers Paradise with Lucy Robinson (Melissa Bell) and Josh Anderson (Jeremy Angerson), Brad realised he was attracted to Lucy. However, upon meeting Beth Brennan (Natalie Imbruglia) at the resort, he realised he fancied her too. Brad and Josh competed with each other to win her over, but Brad eventually chose to date Lucy. Of his character's attraction to her, Michaelson said "Whenever Brad sees Lucy there's this real tension, there's a really long lead up, but they finally get together." Beth later followed the group back to Erinsborough and continued her quest for Brad. Monroe said Lucy and Brad were "a pretty solid item though" and Beth did not get a look in. Michaelson branded the storyline "just your typical soap opera love triangle", but agreed that it was gripping. Brad and Lucy's relationship ended when Lucy decided to pursue her modelling career in Singapore.
Just one week after Lucy's departure, Beth came to Brad and asked him to have sex with her. She was fed up of being teased by Annalise Hartman (Kimberley Davies) for being a virgin. However, Brad turned Beth down, telling her to wait until she was in love. While discussing the scene, Michaelson became worried that some viewers thought Brad might be gay. He commented "After all, not many guys would say 'no' to Beth Brennan." Michaelson also thought Beth was unreal when she came straight out and asked Brad to have sex with her. Despite his initial rejection of Beth's advances, Brad succumbs to them a few weeks later. A columnist for "Inside Soap" commented that it did not take him long to get over Lucy. After a siege in which Brad is shot, Beth admitted her love for him. The couple became engaged, after Beth mistakes Brad's present of a friendship ring for an engagement ring. Because she was so excited with the idea of being engaged, Brad did not have the heart to tell her his real intentions, despite knowing it was not a good basis for a successful marriage.
Michaelson later revealed that Brad would turn into "a creep" when he starts dating two girls at once. Brad catches the eye of Lauren Carpenter (Sarah Vandenbergh) while she is riding her horse along the beach and Monroe stated that there was an "instant attraction" between them. She later said the chemistry between Brad and Lauren was set to blow his romance with Beth apart. Lauren befriended Beth and realised what was going on between herself and Brad could make things tricky. Brad and Lauren began an affair, after they had sex on the beach. Despite being unsure about marriage, Brad still intended to go through with his wedding to Beth. On the day of the ceremony, Beth finally learnt what had been happening between her fiance and her friend. Imbruglia explained "They walk down the aisle together, but Beth is a bit unsure because that morning she sees Lauren and Brad together. And then she notices that Brad is just constantly looking at Lauren, and she just says 'Wait a minute, I don't think I can go through with this." The wedding was filmed outside at a boat yard and Imbruglia revealed that there were twenty-four shots in the scene, which had to be filmed twenty different ways. Beth jilted Brad at the altar and left to stay with her mother, while he continued his relationship with Lauren.
Brad and Lauren eventually broke up and Brad and Beth began dating other people, mostly so they could make each other jealous. Brad became "disastrously involved" with a 14-year-old schoolgirl called Ally Slater (Bryony Price), while Beth was wooed by Wayne Duncan (Jonathan Sammy-Lee). Imbruglia told Kelly Beswick of "Inside Soap" that going out with Wayne helped Beth repair her self-confidence, but at the end of the day he was just a distraction. Brad struggled to hide his feelings for Beth and he proposed to her at the same time Wayne did. Beth then revealed that she still loved Brad and accepted his proposal. Because of what happened during their first wedding, the couple decided to elope. However, their family and friends realised what was going on and tracked them down. Imbruglia revealed "The finally find us after the ceremony's actually taken place, but we decide not to tell them that we're actually married. So we're dragged back to Erinsborough for a second wedding and this time it's with all the trimmings." After marrying for a second time, Brad and Beth then decided to move to Perth to start a new life together.
Shooting.
In August 1992, Bob Landers (Bruce Kilpatrick) escaped from prison and held Phoebe Bright (Simone Robertson) hostage at gunpoint in Number 30. Pam unwittingly walked into the house and Bob took her hostage too. When Brad found out his mother was inside and her life was at risk, he immediately rushed to her rescue. As he leapt to Pam's defence, a shot was fired and Brad fell to the ground unconscious. Pam was then left fearing for her son's life. When asked by a "TV Times" reporter if Brad was being "foolhardy" with his actions, Michaelson replied "It may not have been the most sensible thing to do, but I reckon anyone would react like that if their mum was in danger. He acted instinctively, but I certainly hope I'd behave like that if anyone in my own family was being threatened by a gunman." The actor stated that in a case like that, you would act first and worry about it later. He added that he would have been disappointed in Brad if he had not tried to help his mother and Phoebe. Brad's gunshot wound was not serious and after being treated at the hospital, he returned home. Bob was later arrested.
Departure.
Michaelson signed a new twelve-month contract with the show in October 1992. However, when he took a four-week break in July 1993, David Brown of "TV Week" revealed that Michaelson was expected to announce his departure from "Neighbours" shortly after. Three months later, it was announced Michaelson was to leave the show. Brown reported the actor had entered contract negotiations with the network, but it soon became evident that he could not give them the long term commitment they wanted. Michaelson's management told Brown "Grundy also have plans to take the show in a new direction and I don't think Scott would fit in with those plans too well. Scott has work lined up in the UK next April and he wants to be free to do it." The show's producers decided to marry Brad and Beth off and move them to Perth. Michaelson filmed his final scenes in November alongside Blakely and Imbruglia, who departed the show around the same time.
Return.
On 7 February 2013, it was announced that the character would be returning to "Neighbours", with actor Kip Gamblin taking over the role from Michaelson. In an interview with Erin McWhirter from "TV Week", executive producer Richard Jasek revealed that he considered approaching Michaelson to play the role of Brad again, but learned that he was not acting anymore and believed that there was no point in reaching out to him. Of the recast, Gamblin told McWhirter "I'm sure there are going to be certain fans of the show who'll have an opinion about me as Brad, but that's out of my control. Richard says he doesn't hold any fears that long-time viewers will reject Kip as Brad, believing that enough time has passed for the show to pull of a successful recast. Brad, the character, has grown up and changed, so we're sure the recasting will be fine." Gamblin relocated to Melbourne for the role, while his family stayed in Sydney. The actor started filming his scenes, alongside Rebekah Elmaloglou, from 18 February and he was first seen on-screen as Brad on 20 May 2013.
Brad returned with his new wife, Terese (played by Elmaloglou), and their teenage children, Joshua (Harley Bonner) and Imogen (Ariel Kaplan). Jasek commented that the Willis family would have a compelling and "unique backstory". Upon moving into Ramsay Street, Brad learns that Lauren also lives there with her family. Gamblin believed that Brad's feelings for Lauren were in the past and he is settled with Terese. He continued "However, I think Lauren may be struggling with his reappearance and, at first, she doesn't even tell her husband, Matt, that this new neighbour is her ex-boyfriend." Gamblin explained that Terese has more of a problem with Brad's ex-wife Beth, than Lauren, as the end of the marriage was "very messy." Brad and Terese met and were married quickly, making things awkward.
Storylines.
1989–93.
Brad meets Sharon Davies (Jessica Muschamp) and they go out on a date together. A couple of years later, Brad returns to Erinsborough after his parents bail him out of an Asian jail. Brad befriends Guy Carpenter (Andrew Williams) and they start training for a cross-country race together. Brad is shocked when he discovers Guy has been using steroids to enhance his performance and he tries to talk him out of using them. Guy tells Brad to stay out of business, but Brad seeks advice from his mother, who tells Guy's aunt, Brenda Riley (Genevieve Lemon), what he has been doing. Brad begins working for Paige Sneddon (Tracy Callender) at a surf shop and he designs surfboards for her. They also begin dating. When Brad's boards are stolen from his garage, Guy becomes a suspect because a pendant found at the scene matches his one. Brad's sister, Gaby, confronts Guy and he explains a woman he previously dated gave him half of the pendant and he kept the other half. Guy realises that the woman was Paige, but his plan to get the truth out of her is ruined when Brad walks in on him asking her out on a date. Brad eventually discovers the stolen boards in Paige's garage and he breaks up with her.
Brad spends Christmas in Surfer's Paradise with Lucy Robinson and Josh Anderson. The group meet David Brennan (Simon Stokes), who has been hiding out in their beach house, and his sister, Beth. Despite competing with Josh for Beth's affections, Brad realises he likes Lucy too. Brad begins a relationship with Lucy, but when Beth moves to Erinsborough and starts competing for Brad's affections it puts a strain on their relationship. When Lucy takes a modelling assignment overseas, she and Brad break up. Beth comes to Brad and asks him to have sex with her, but he turns her down. However, he changes his mind a week later and they start dating. Brad risks his life to save his mother from Bob Landers, when he begins an armed siege at Number 30. Brad is shot in the shoulder, but his injury is not serious and he does not spend long at the hospital. After the incident, Beth admits she loves Brad. While surfing one day, Brad is attacked by a shark. He escapes with minor injuries and suggests that the attack could be a marketing gimmick for the local coffee shop. His surfboard, which has a bite mark in it, is hung above the counter and the shop is renamed The Hungry Bite. Brad risks his life again to save Beth and Hannah Martin (Rebecca Ritters) from a burning cottage.
Brad goes to give Beth a friendship ring, but she believes he is proposing to her and Brad does not correct her. Brad meets Lauren Carpenter on the beach and he begins an affair with her. Lauren suffers a pregnancy scare, but it emerges she has contracted chlamydia. On the day of their wedding, Beth notices Brad looking at Lauren and the affair is exposed. Beth jilts Brad and leaves Erinsborough. Brad continues seeing Lauren, but their relationship faces opposition from Pam. Brad leaves to work on a cruise ship for several months and he returns with Lucy in tow. Lauren becomes jealous of them and she and Brad later break up. Brad tries to win back Beth, but she is dating Wayne Duncan. Brad proposes to Beth only to learn that Wayne has also proposed. However, Beth chooses Brad. After their parents meddle in the planning of their wedding, Brad and Beth decide to elope and they marry in a registry office. However, their family and friends track them down and host a wedding for them back in Erinsborough. Brad and Beth then move to Perth and Beth gives birth to their son, Ned.
2013–.
Twenty years later, Brad returns to Erinsborough with his wife Terese and their twins Imogen and Josh. Brad soon learns Lauren also lives in Ramsay Street with her family, and he accidentally tells her husband, Matt (Josef Brown), about their past relationship. Matt struggles to accept Brad dated Lauren, but they begin an uneasy friendship. Brad coaches Josh, an aspiring swimmer, but he is devastated when Josh begins training with rival coach, Don Cotter (John Adam). Brad accuses Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) of making advances towards Terese. He admits that he is still jealous about Terese's troubled relationship with her ex-boss, who had feelings for her. Brad realises Don is sabotaging Josh's swimming career to help his rival Hudson Walsh (Remy Hii) and Josh terminates his contract with Don. Brad agrees to coach Hudson and he also becomes the manager of the local gym. Brad finds Imogen coughing up blood in the garden and she is rushed to hospital. Brad and Terese learn that she has an eating disorder and they get her help from a counsellor. 
Brad finds out Don gave Hudson a false alibi for the night of Robbo Slade's (Aaron Jakubenko) hit-and-run and Hudson confesses to hitting Robbo with Imogen's car. The Willises and Turners learn their children have covered up various incidents linked to Robbo's accident. They ban Josh and Amber (Jenna Rosenow) from seeing each other, but Brad and Lauren lift the ban, causing an argument with Terese. When Eric Edwards (Paul O'Brien) injures his back after using a faulty stepper machine at the gym, he sues Brad. Brad maintains that he put a notice on the machine and Imogen discovers that Eric suffered his back injury prior to attending the gym, causing him to drop the lawsuit. Josh qualifies for the Commonwealth Games, but he badly injures his shoulder after an abseiling accident. Brad and Terese are told that Josh will be not be able to swim competitively again. Brad blames Mason Turner (Taylor Glockner) for the accident and decides to sue him. He drops the lawsuit when he learns a faulty carabiner caused the accident. 
Lauren tells Brad that she gave birth to his daughter twenty years ago, and until recently she thought their daughter was dead. Brad and Lauren decide to find their daughter. They find Lisa Tucker (Millie Samuels), who matches the description of their daughter, but they are both disappointed when a blood test proves she is not their daughter. Brad is delighted when Doug comes to visit the family. When Terese and Josh express their concerns about Doug's memory, Brad refuses to accept that something is wrong with his father, but is later forced to accept the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease. Lauren tells Brad that she wants to stop searching for their daughter. Brad secretly hires private investigator Tracey Wong (Aileen Huynh) and she gives him a lead in Adelaide. Brad tells Terese about Tracey and she persuades him to tell Lauren. Brad and Lauren fly to Adelaide, and they share a kiss while they are there. Lauren leaves, but Brad stays to follow up on the address Tracey gave him. Brad is disappointed when he does not find his daughter and returns to Erinsborough. Brad is fired from his job at the gym, when his boss learns about the yoga classes he has been running on the side.
Reception.
For his portrayal of Brad, Michaelson was nominated for Most Popular Actor at the 1993 Logie Awards. That same year saw the actor nominated for Hottest Man in Soap and Brad nominated for Best Male Character at the "Inside Soap" TV Awards. A writer for the BBC said Brad's most notable moment was "Being shot by Bob Landers." A reporter for the "Herald Sun" called Brad "one of the show's most popular characters" and commented that Michaelson had a huge following because of his "blonde surfer looks." Tony Johnston stated that Brad was quite a catch and a "What's on TV" columnist named him one of "The Top 100 Soap Hunks of All Time". During an article about water sports, Lynda Moyo of Body Confidential believed the outer physiques of surfers "tend to be like that of Brad Willis off "Neighbours". Remember him? He was the Erinsborough surf hunk with a board for a brain."
Diana Hollingsworth of "Soaplife" said Brad "wasn't too hot in the brains department and hadn't sussed that Beth was in love – with him." Andrew Mercado branded Brad "a dirty dog" for his affair with Lauren. During a feature on "Neighbours", Anna Pickard of "The Guardian" tried to choose the characters she would be most starstruck by if she met them. She wrote "It would have to be the Willis family. All of them. Pam, Doug, Adam, Gaby, Brad and Cody". A writer for "All About Soap" placed Brad and Beth's first wedding at number fifteen on their twenty greatest soap weddings list. The writer commented "Dimwit surf dude Brad couldn't keep his hands off neighbour Lauren Carpenter proir to his wedding to good girl Beth. Come the big day, with friends and family assembled on the beach, Brad decided the time was right to reveal he'd been playing around. Fool."
Catrin Griffiths of the "Daily Express" included Brad and Beth's weddings in her 25 Years of Erinsborough's Most Memorable Weddings list. While a writer for "SOAP" magazine called the couple "the new Scott and Charlene". Nicky Branagh from Studentbeans.com included Brad in her list of the "Top ten hottest Aussie soap guys" and she stated "Brad Willis was *the* hunk on the street. Perhaps it was the hoop earring, his surfer dude charm or the way he wore those fetching baseball caps. Whatever the reason, Brad had the ladies a-swooning. I guess you just can't argue with a jaw like that."

</doc>
<doc id="36528463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528463" title="Brevipalpus">
Brevipalpus

Brevipalpus is a genus of mites in the family Tenuipalpidae, the flat mites. The genus includes several species that are among the most important economic pests in the flat mite family.
Some "Brevipalpus" species are made up mostly of female individuals that reproduce via thelytoky, producing offspring without fertilization. Male individuals occur but often become feminized by "Cardinium" bacteria that colonize their bodies.
Between each developmental stage, the juvenile rests as a chrysalis on a plant.
"Brevipalpus" mites damage their host plants by inserting their relatively long mouthparts into the plant tissue and injecting saliva during feeding. The saliva is toxic to the plant. Damage on grapefruit, for example, takes the form of circular, discolored lesions on the fruit which darken as they become necrotic. On pistachio, "Brevipalpus" damage appears as scabby blotches on the leaf petioles, stems, and nuts. Furthermore, several of these mites are vectors for a variety of serious plant viruses.
Familiar species include:

</doc>
<doc id="36528478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528478" title="United States Air Force Basic Training scandal">
United States Air Force Basic Training scandal

The Air Force Basic Training scandal was a military sex scandal at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas. The scandal involved 43 female trainees who alleged being victimized by their Military Training Instructors during and after basic military training starting from 2009. Seventeen male instructors were accused of offenses ranging from seeking improper relationships to rape and 35 instructors were removed from their posts pending investigations. Nine of the accused instructors belonged to the 331st Training Squadron. The commander of the 331st Training Squadron, Lt. Col. Mike Paquette, was removed from command in June 2012 because of the problems in his unit. In August 2012 the commander of the 737th training group, Col. Glenn Palmer, was also relieved from his position due to the scandal. 
Events.
Investigation into the scandal began in June 2011 when a trainee reported suspected sexual misconduct. In November, three instructors reported possible misconduct after overhearing fellow MTIs "talking about something that was completely unacceptable" according to General Edward Rice, head of the Air Education and Training Command. In June 2012, Staff Sgt. Peter Vega-Maldonado made a plea deal, admitting to having an improper relationship and violating a no-contact order for which he received a 90 day jail sentence. He also agreed to testify against other accused MTI’s for immunity for other related crimes. It was later revealed Vega-Maldonado had sex with nine other trainees.
The second case to proceed to court martial in the scandal was for Staff Sgt. Luis Walker of the 326th Training Squadron, involving 28 counts against him including charges of rape, aggravated sexual contact, and multiple counts of aggravated sexual assault. Ten former trainees testified against Walker in his week long trial. He was accused of having sexual intercourse with four of the recruits. Walker was convicted on all 28 counts and was sentenced to 20 years in jail. Walker will also have to register as a sex offender.
Tech. Sgt. Christopher Smith was charged with conducting an improper relationship with one trainee and seeking an improper, personal and intimate relationship with another trainee as well as obstruction of justice. The charges stemmed from an incident in spring 2011 when Smith drove two trainees off-base to meet with fellow instructor Master Sgt. Jamey Crawford. Smith was convicted and sentenced to 30 days confinement and reduction in rank to Airman First Class. 
Master Sgt. Jamey Crawford is accused of an improper sexual relationship, providing alcohol to a trainee, and committing adultery. 
Staff Sgt. Kwinton Estacio is charged with sexual misconduct with a basic training student, abusing his authority, and obstructing justice. Estacio faces a maximum punishment of 43 years confinement.
Staff Sgt. Craig LeBlanc is charged with sexual misconduct, obstructing justice and making a false official statement. He is accused of using his post as a military instructor to sexually assault and pursue a sexual relationship with one female trainee, and having a wrongful sexual relationship with another. No trial date has been set.

</doc>
<doc id="36528513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528513" title="Lilies of the Field (1924 film)">
Lilies of the Field (1924 film)

Lilies of the Field is a lost 1924 silent film produced by and starring actress Corinne Griffith and distributed by Associated First National Pictures. It is based on a 1921 play, "Lilies of the Field", by William J. Hurlbut. The film was remade by Griffith again as an early sound film in 1930. 
A trailer to this film exists at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="36528515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528515" title="Texas Shuffle">
Texas Shuffle

Texas Shuffle is an album by blues guitarist Rocky Hill. The album features Johnny Winter and Dr. John.

</doc>
<doc id="36528524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528524" title="Ham Hindu Nahin">
Ham Hindu Nahin

ਹਮ ਹਿੰਦੂ ਨਹੀਂ (English: Ham Hindu Nahin; Translation: "We (Sikhs) are not Hindus"), also spelled as Hum Hindu Nahin, is a 19th century Punjabi book by Bhai Kahn Singh Nabha, on the distinction of the Sikh religion and identity. First published in 1898, the book was registered under this title in the Punjab Gazette on June 30, 1899 at number 447.
Pressing its claim vehemently and vigorously to the distinction of the Sikh identity and religion, it concludes with a versified note by the author, describing the characteristics of the Khalsa.
Subject and need to write.
Bhai Kahn Singh Nabha had to write this classic booklet in the time when Hindus were preaching the Sikhs to be a part of Hinduism and that it had no independent status of its own.

</doc>
<doc id="36528528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528528" title="WLIQ">
WLIQ

WLIQ 1530 AM is a radio station broadcasting an Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Quincy, Illinois, the station is owned by Townsquare Media Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528529" title="Cementerios metro station">
Cementerios metro station

Cementerios is an underground metro station on the Line 2 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The word "cementerios" means cemeteries in English and the station is so named because it is located under a segment of Recoleta Avenue that forms the borders of two cemeteries, Cementerio General de Santiago to the west and the smaller Cementerio Católico to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="36528551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528551" title="Carl Trueman">
Carl Trueman

Carl R. Trueman is a Christian theologian and church historian. He is Professor of Historical Theology and Church History and holds the Paul Woolley Chair of Church History at Westminster Theological Seminary.
Dr. Trueman is also the Pastor of Cornerstone Presbyterian Church in Ambler, PA. He has authored many books, including; The Creedal Imperative Fools Rush in Where Monkeys Fear to Tread: Taking Aim at Everyone and Republocrat: Confessions of a Liberal Conservative, He blogs regularly at Reformation21 and co-hosts the Mortification of Spin podcast.
Trueman studied at St Catharine's College, Cambridge and the University of Aberdeen, and previously taught at the University of Aberdeen and the University of Nottingham. He was editor of "Themelios" from 1998 to 2007, and is a council member of the Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals.

</doc>
<doc id="36528555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528555" title="Adrianichthys">
Adrianichthys

Adrianichthys is a genus of ricefishes. The genus is endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi, Indonesia and all species are highly threatened (two species possibly already extinct).
Species.
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="36528568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528568" title="2012–13 Greek Basket League">
2012–13 Greek Basket League

The Greek Basket League 2012–13 was the 73rd season of the Greek Basket League, the highest tier professional basketball league in Greece.
2012-13 Greek Basket League Finals.
The defending Greek Basket League champions, Olympiacos, finished first in the regular season, and faced their arch-rivals Panathinaikos, in the finals of the playoffs, having home-court advantage. Despite the home court advantage, Panathinaikos won the series 3-0, by performing a "clean sweep", after defeating Olympiacos twice at their home-court. The 3rd game was disrupted by Olympiacos fans throwing flash-grenades at Panathinaikos' bench, when the score was 72-76 with 01:27 left to go in the game.
The match officials decided to stop the game, and have the stadium cleared of all fans. 75 minutes went by, and 100+ Olympiacos fans had still not vacated the stadium, so the game and the series was officially called off. A technicality win of 0-20 was granted to Panathinaikos, despite there still being 01:27 left on the game clock.
The events of the 3rd game of the series, happened after the owner of Panathinaikos, Dimitrios Giannakopoulos, and three other men, entered into the referee locker room at the home arena of Panathinaikos, OAKA, during halftime of the 2nd game of the series. Giannakopoulos reportedly told the refs that they would not leave the arena, if they did not change how they were calling the game, with Panathinaikos behind in the score at halftime. Giannkopoulos was later sanctioned by the Greek sports prosecutor for these actions. Giannakopoulos was then banned from entering into any arenas in Greece by the Greek Committee of Sportsmanship, for a period of 6 months, however, he was placed on 3 years of probation and given a suspended sentence. He was however, suspended from entering into the arenas at his own team's games, for a period of 3 months time.
Regular season.
Standings.
Pts=Points, Pld=Matches played, W=Matches won, L=Matches lost, F=Points for, A=Points against, D=Points difference
Playoffs.
Teams in bold won the playoff series. Numbers to the left of each team indicate the team's original playoff seeding. Numbers to the right indicate the score of each playoff game.
Stats leaders.
Greek Basket League stats leaders are counted by totals, rather than averages, and include both regular season and playoff games.

</doc>
<doc id="36528606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528606" title="10 Years Hence">
10 Years Hence

10 Years Hence is a live album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1974 at Keystone Korner in San Francisco and released on the Atlantic label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3½ stars with the review by Thom Jurek stating, "This is not an album for everybody, but it is easily one of the most underrated sets in Lateef's vast catalog".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Yusef Lateef except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36528617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528617" title="Kurt Dombacher">
Kurt Dombacher

Kurt Dombacher (9 February 1920 – 8 October 1993) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Kurt Dombacher was credited with 68 victories in 800+ missions with 1 over Western forces and 67 over Soviet forces. He was captured by Soviet forces in May 1945 and was held until 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="36528625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528625" title="WXEF">
WXEF

WXEF 97.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting an hot adult contemporary format. Licensed to Effingham, Illinois, the station is owned by Premier Broadcasing, Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528632" title="Albert Balink">
Albert Balink

Albert Henrica Everardus Catherina ('Albert') Balink (3 August 1906 – 1 February 1976) was a Dutch-Indonesian journalist and filmmaker who made important contributions to the Indonesian cinema in the 1930s. Born in the Netherlands, he made his start in the Dutch East Indies as a journalist writing extensively on film. Having learned filmmaking from books, in the mid-1930s he released a documentary and two feature films. In 1938 he immigrated to the United States and married, founding and becoming the editor of "The Knickerbocker". His two feature films, "Pareh" (1936) and "Terang Boelan" (1937), have been considered the most important films from the Dutch East Indies of the 1930s.
Biography.
Balink, of Dutch-Indonesian descent, was born on 3 August 1906; the 1940 United States Census indicates his place of birth as the Netherlands (written "Holland"). In the early 1920s and 1930s Balink was a reporter with "De Locomotief", a newspaper based in Semarang, as well as the "Soematra Post" based out of Medan. Among his main interests as a journalist while with these papers was film.
With the Wong brothers, Balink started the Java Pacific Film production company in 1934, in what was then the Dutch East Indies. At the time Balink was inexperienced with film, having only book knowledge. Java Pacific Film, which was headquartered in an old tapioca flour factory, first produced the documentary film "De Merapi Dreigt" ("Mount Merapi Looms"), in 1934. Advertised as the first documentary film with sound in the Dutch East Indies, it was a critical success. However, Balink's main interest was in feature films. All feature films released in the Dutch East Indies between 1934 and 1935 had been directed by The Teng Chun, based on Chinese mythology or martial arts, and targeted at low-class audiences, generally ethnic Chinese. Balink intended to reach an upper-class audience.
The studio, working with Mannus Franken, then produced "Pareh" ("Rice"; 1936), an ethnographic film considered a forerunner for the "Indonesia Indah" films. Balink had brought Franken to the country to ensure its artistic quality and worked to secure funding from various sponsors; he also spent more than a year scouring the country to cast the film, as he had already decided what the characters would be like. However, the film, which had cost 75,000 gulden to produce, was a flop and bankrupted the company, including Balink, despite being well received in the Netherlands.
Balink then found financial backing to establish the Dutch Indies Film Syndicate (, or ANIF), which produced its first newsreel on 22 December 1936; this reel showed the Gambir Market, festivities at the governor-general's palace, and the inauguration of Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer.
In 1937, Balink directed "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon"), "often described as the first full-length Indonesian film in Malay". The story, following a young couple who have not received their parents' blessings, was written by the reporter Saeroen. "Terang Boelan" proved to be the most commercially successful local production until 1953's "Krisis" ("Crisis"), released after Indonesia had become independent. However, the studio's backers disapproved of Balink's interest in feature films, leading to him leaving the Indies to unsuccessfully try and become a Hollywood director. In 1991 the American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider wrote that "Pareh" and "Terang Boelan" were the two most important cinematic works from the Dutch East Indies during the 1930s.
In March 1938 Balink immigrated to the United States, became a citizen, and worked as a correspondent for "de Volkskrant". The 1940 United States Census indicates him living in Queens, New York, with his wife Lydia, a woman from New Jersey 12 years his junior; Lydia worked with him as a secretary. In 1948, he published a socioeconomic study of the Caribbean, "My Paradise is Hell". In the 1950s he was editor of the magazine "The Knickerbocker", a publication for Dutch Americans which he had established. With the magazine he helped the baseball player Han Urbanus train with the New York Giants and chaired the William the Silent Award Committee. Balink died in the United States on 1 February 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36528642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528642" title="Old Headquarters">
Old Headquarters

The Old Headquarters at Walnut Canyon National Monument was built in 1904 served as the park's first headquarters when it was established in 1915. The log cabin is one of the oldest remaining log cabins in northern Arizona. It served as the living quarters for the park's early custodians. The cabin measures by overall, including an addition at the east end. The roof overhang of the addition has been cut back to allow an alligator cypress to grow close to the building. The interior is divided into four rooms. 
The Old Headquarters was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 31, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="36528648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528648" title="Jacobiasca formosana">
Jacobiasca formosana

Jacobiasca formosana is an insect species belonging to the subfamily Typhlocybinae of the family Cicadellidae. Plant hosts include "Gossypium" (cotton) species and, notably, "Camellia sinensis" (Chinese tea plants). The species is distributed throughout East, Southeast, and South Asia (including in China, India, Malaysia, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and Thailand).
Names.
Common names for "J. formosana" include the small green leafhopper, tea green leafhopper, or tea jassid. In Mandarin Chinese, the insect is referred to as 茶小綠葉蟬 "(chá xiǎo lǜ yèchán)" or 小綠浮塵子 "(xiǎo lǜ fúchénzǐ)". In Siyen Hakka, it is called 著涎 "(Zhe xián)", 著蜒 "(Zhe yán)", or 著煙 "(Zhe yān)". In Taiwanese, it is 浮塵仔 "(phû-tîn-á)", 蜒仔 "(iân-á)", 蝝仔 "(iân-á)", 烟仔 "(ian-á)", 趙烟 "(tiō-ian)", 跳仔 "(tiô-á)" or 青仔 "(chhiⁿ-á)".
Confusingly, "Empoasca vitis" (the false-eye leafhopper; 假眼小綠葉蟬) is also called the tea green leafhopper and "Empoasca flavescens" (蓮霧小綠葉蟬) is also called the small green leafhopper.
Description and habits.
The mature "J. formosana" are slender and yellowish-green with translucent wings with a body length of about .
The adults eat young plant shoots for the nutrient solution within, which retards bud growth and causes yellow-green bud curling. The leaf margins turn brown and eventually fall off.
Use in tea production.
"J. formosana" is important in the production of Taiwan's "dongfang meiren" tea. The tea, which is an oolong tea with a flavor likened to ripened fruit and honey, is made from leaves partially eaten by these insects. The insects, which thrive in warmer, pollution-free environments, suck the phloem juices of the tea stems, leaves, and buds, producing monoterpene diol and hotrienol which give the tea its unique flavor. 
This process has inspired makers of other types of tea such as "dongding" oolong tea and the east coast black teas of Hualien and Taitung to withhold pesticide use in order to replicate this process in other teas. Similar action of jassids and thrips helps form the muscatel-like flavor of India's second flush Darjeeling tea.

</doc>
<doc id="36528654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528654" title="Philippe Auboyneau">
Philippe Auboyneau

Philippe Auboyneau (1899–1961) was an officer in the French Navy. As an admiral, he was commander of the Free French naval forces in the Pacific and the Mediterranean during the Second World War. He was awarded the Ordre de la Libération for his service to the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36528660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528660" title="Tim Pappas">
Tim Pappas

Tim Pappas (born September 14, 1973 in New York) is an American racing driver and businessman who competes in the American Le Mans Series with his Black Swan Racing team. He won the 2010 and 2011 American Le Mans Series GTC Drivers Championships and is the president of Pappas Enterprises Inc., his family's four-decade old real estate company.
Early racing career.
Pappas began his professional driving career in 2000 in Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge competition before making select Rolex Sports Car Series starts. In 2005, he drove a BMW 330i to two podiums and six top-ten finishes in the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge 
American Le Mans Series.
In 2007, Pappas made his debut in the American Le Mans Series with his Team Trans Sport organization. Making 11 starts in his rookie season with Terry Borcheller in a Porsche 911 GT3 RSR, Pappas scored a season-best fourth place finish in the GT2 category at the Petit Le Mans, while collecting four top-five finishes in total.
Running under the Black Swan Racing banner, Pappas debuted a new Doran Ford GT-R for 2008, making six starts in the GT2 category with co-driver Anthony Lazzaro. 
Pappas and his Black Swan team took one year off before moving to the newly formed GTC category in 2010, earning his and the team's first class championship after four wins and eight podium finishes in as many starts. In 2011, Pappas and regular co-driver Jeroen Bleekemolen repeated as GTC champions with another four class victories and three second-place finishes in nine starts. 
The 2012 season saw Pappas and Black Swan step up to P2 with a Lola B11/80 Honda, leased from Level 5 Motorsports. While kicking off the season with a podium at the 2012 12 Hours of Sebring an early race accident in the second round of the season at Long Beach led to the team withdrawing from P2 competition due to a lack of spare parts amid Lola's financial administration. 
Personal life.
Pappas is the president of Pappas Enterprises Inc., his family's four-decade old real estate company based in Boston, Massachusetts. Additionally, Pappas holds a film degree from New York University. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528673" title="Rowing at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's double sculls">
Rowing at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's double sculls

The men's double sculls event was part of the rowing programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. It was one of seven rowing events for men and was the fourth appearance of the event.
Results.
Source: Official results; De Wael
Round 1.
Winners advanced to the second round. Losers competed in the first repechage.
Repechage 1.
Winners advanced to the second round, but were ineligible for a second repechage if they lost there. Losers were eliminated.
Round 2.
Winners advanced to the third round. Losers competed in the second repechage, if they had advanced by winning in the first round, or were eliminated if they had advanced through the first repechage.
Repechage 2.
Winners advanced to the third round, while losers were eliminated.
Round 3.
The competition became single-elimination from this point, with losers being eliminated even if they had not previously had to advance through a repechage.
Semifinals.
Canada had a bye and advanced to the gold medal final along with the winner of the only semifinal (the United States), with the loser (Austria) taking bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36528677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528677" title="Don't Miss Your Life">
Don't Miss Your Life

"Don't Miss Your Life" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Phil Vassar. It was released in February 2012 as the second single from his upcoming studio album. Vassar wrote the song with frequent collaborator Charlie Black. 
Inspiration.
Vassar told "The Boot" about writing the song "The main thing that strikes me about this song is it's real, it's about something real. I just wrote it on an airplane. I was talking to a guy sitting next to me who was retired, and it was a long West Coast to East Coast flight. I do a lot of writing on airplanes anyway ... I always have my iPad, and that's where I write my lyrics because I'm always a little bored and it gives me time to focus." 
Critical reception.
Billy Dukes of "Taste of Country" gave the song 3.5 out of 5 stars, and wrote "Don’t Miss Your Life’ is a little wordy, and Vassar’s straightforward style is beginning to show some age, but that doesn’t mean that on an individual level this song won’t have a huge impact." 
Giving it 5 out of 5 stars, Bobby Peacock of "Roughstock" wrote " Phil sings convincingly and emotionally, the song's flowing melody and gentle piano never getting in his way." 
Music video.
The music video premiered in early May 2012. It was directed by Steve Condon.
Chart performance.
"Don't Miss Your Life" debuted at number 57 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 11, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528679" title="List of Alpha Chi Rho brothers">
List of Alpha Chi Rho brothers

List of notable members of Alpha Chi Rho.

</doc>
<doc id="36528692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528692" title="Nathan C. Schaeffer">
Nathan C. Schaeffer

Nathan Christ Schaeffer (born Maxatawny, Pennsylvania, 3 February 1849; died Lancaster, Pennsylvania, 14 March 1919) was a United States clergyman and educator.
Biography.
In 1867 he graduated from Franklin and Marshall College, after which he studied divinity at the Theological Seminary of the Reformed Church, and finished his education at the universities of Berlin, Tübingen and Leipzig. From 1875 to 1877, Schaeffer was professor at Franklin and Marshall College and from 1877 to 1893 was principal of the Keystone State Normal School at Kutztown, Pennsylvania. In 1893 he became superintendent of public instruction for Pennsylvania, a post he held until his death. He also served as president of the Pennsylvania board of education and was president of a commission that prepared a new school code for the state, and was a member of the Simplified Spelling Board.
In 1902, he became a member of the board of trustees for Franklin and Marshall College. He was offered the presidency of the college, but declined it. In 1879 he received the degree of doctor of philosophy and in 1904 received the degrees of doctor of divinity and doctor of laws from Dickinson College.
Publications.
He was a prolific writer on educational and religious subjects. His works include:
He edited:

</doc>
<doc id="36528701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528701" title="Tamil immigration to Sri Lanka">
Tamil immigration to Sri Lanka

Tamil immigration to Sri Lanka refers to Tamil people moving to Sri Lanka from the Tamil areas in India. Presently there are two major Tamil communities, the Sri Lankan Tamils, who have been settled in the island for centuries, and the more recent Plantantion Tamils, who were brought as indentured labourers brought by the British.
Assimilation with the Sinhalese people.
Historically Sri Lankan monarchs have used the services of South Indian labor since centuries BCE. According to the primary source Mahavamsa, number service groups from Pandyan kingdom in present day Tamil Nadu accompanied the settlement of Anuradhapura by Prakrit speakers. There is epigraphic evidence of traders and others self identifying as Damelas or Damedas (Sinhala and Sinhala prakrit for Tamils) in Anuradhapura and other areas of Sri Lanka as early as 2nd century BCE. The idea of looking upon the Demedas as aliens was not prevalent in the Early Historical Period.
South Indian soldiers were brought to Anuradhapura in ever larger numbers in the seventh, eight, ninth and tenth centuries ACE leading to number of rulers relying on their help to consolidate and rule, Raja Raja Chola (Who had a Hon.title "UDAYAR" was from the Raja Kula Agammudayar caste) created a town called Jananathamangalam,near Anuradhapura and settled Velakkara(Maravar), & Agampadi (Agampu+adi) soldiers(Agammudayar),(These two Castes were sub divisions from the Tamil Mukkulathor caste),they eventually got assimilated to Sinhala society,the sinhala family name "Palihakkara" (Palaikkarar) originated from the Velakkara soldiers and the suffix "Agampodi" in front of some names of the Salagama sub caste "Hewapanne"(militia)originated from the agampadi soldiers,who married Salagama Hewapanne women, There was also large scale mercantile activity from peninsular India primarily from the Coromandel Coast. 
The majority Sinhalese caste structure, which is a flexible system with no religious sanctions attached to it, has accommodated the recent Hindu immigrants from South India leading to the emergence of three new Sinhalese caste groups-the "Salagama", the "Durava" and the "Karava". This migration and assimilation happened until the eighteenth century. Salagamas whose caste legends allude to South India, came as Nambudiri Brahmins from Kerala, for the coronation ceremony of King Vijayabahu I, & for the coronation ceremony of Prince Wathhimi,& also as specialized service providers as weavers & as mercenary soldiers (Agampadi soldiers) "Agampadi"Mercenary Soldiers(mercenaries who were deployed in the army and as coast guards from Dambeniya rule onwards).from Tamil Nadu, but some of them, were punished by the King of Kotte who imposed cinnomon as a tax, eventually a section of them became cinnamon peelers. How and when this happened is unclear, but according to some historians it was in 1406 by the King of Kotte.& another section is called "Hewapanne" or soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="36528715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528715" title="WEBQ (AM)">
WEBQ (AM)

WEBQ 1240 AM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Harrisburg, Illinois, the station serves Southern Illinois. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528740" title="Super 18 Model S18-180">
Super 18 Model S18-180

The Super 18 Model S18-180 is an FAA type certificated light aircraft evolved from the Piper PA-18 Super Cub.
Design and development.
The Super 18-180 is a strut-braced, high-wing monoplane with conventional landing gear. The fuselage is constructed with welded steel tubing with aircraft fabric covering. The design is based on the Piper PA-18 with improvements. These include a wide cabin, slotted leading edges and enlarged flaps.
The Super 18-180 was FAA type certificated in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36528749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528749" title="Israel Nogueda Otero">
Israel Nogueda Otero

Israel Nogueda Otero (January 16, 1935 – June 15, 2012) was a Mexican politician, economist and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Nogueda served as the Municipal President of Acapulco municipality from 1969 to 1971 and the Governor of Guerrero from 1971 until 1975.
Nogueda Otero was born in Atoyac de Álvarez, Guerrero, Mexico, on January 16, 1935. He earned a degree in economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
In April 1971, Nogueda became the Governor of Guerrero following the death of his predecessor, Caritino Maldonado Pérez, who died in office. He served as Governor until the end of the term in 1975. During Nogueda's tenure, the state government faced a guerrilla insurgency led by Genaro Vázquez Rojas and Lucio Cabañas, who operated in Guerrero.
He later served on an internal state commissioner for the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Nogueda Otero of a heart attack shortly after 11 p.m. on June 15, 2012, at his home in Mexico City at the age of 77. He was buried in Atoyac de Álvarez.

</doc>
<doc id="36528760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528760" title="China Universal Asset Management Co., Ltd.">
China Universal Asset Management Co., Ltd.

China Universal Asset Management Co., Ltd. (汇添富基金管理有限公司; Also known as “China Universal,” or “CUAM”) is a Chinese investment management company with approximately $12.7 billion (USD) in AUM. The company offers investment management services for mutual funds, the National Social Securities Fund, cross-border funds including QDII and QFII, and segregated account services for institutional and high net-worth clients. CUAM was founded in February 2005 and is headquartered in Shanghai, China, with branch offices in Beijing, Guangzhou, and Chengdu. In 2010, the company also opened a wholly owned subsidiary in Hong Kong.
As of 2012, China Universal was ranked 8th of 72 asset managers in China by AUM and is listed on the Towers Watson Global 500 Ranking for the world's top asset managers.

</doc>
<doc id="36528770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528770" title="Arkansas Highway 147">
Arkansas Highway 147

Highway 147 (AR 147, Ark. 147, and Hwy. 147) is a north–south state highway in Crittenden County, Arkansas. The route of runs from Highway 131 at Bruins north across Interstate 40/US Route 63/US Route 79 (I-40/US 63/US 70/US 79) to US 64 near West Memphis. A portion of the route make up the western routing of the Great River Road.
Route description.
Highway 147 begins near Horseshoe Lake, Arkansas at the southern terminus of Highway 131. The route runs north to serve as the eastern terminus of Highway 38, with Highway 147 picking up the Great River Road designation northbound. Highway 147 has another junction with Highway 131 before curving due north along the Mississippi River. The highway serves as the eastern terminus for Highway 50 south of Anthonyville, Arkansas before meeting a different Highway 131 in Edmondson. Highway 147 has a junctions with US 70 and I-40/US 63/US 79, with the former being the southern frontage road for the latter. The road continues north to terminate at US 64 near the city limits of West Memphis.
Major intersections.
Mile markers reset at concurrencies.

</doc>
<doc id="36528787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528787" title="Đorđe Božović">
Đorđe Božović

Đorđe "Giška" Božović (; 16 September 1955 – 15 September 1991) was a Serbian gangster as well as paramilitary commander during the Yugoslav Wars.
Early life.
Božović was born Đorđe Mićković on 16 September 1955 in Peć to father Gavro Mićković from Kuči clan and mother Milena. His father Gavro was involved with underworld activity and after killing a German man in Cologne, the family decided to change their surname to Božović after Gavro's father and Đorđe's grandfather Božo. Together with his mother and younger sister Slavica, young Đorđe lived in Inđija until 1964. That is when his father got murdered and the family moved to Belgrade, settling in Voždovac neighbourhood. 
The arrival to Voždovac shaped the rest of 8-year-old Đorđe's life. Growing up in a neighbourhood full of poor working class families like his own, he became lifelong friends with Branislav "Beli" Matić who got him into boxing at Radnički boxing club. Proficient at street fighting, Đorđe already had run-ins with the police in his preteen years, earning a nickname Giška. At age thirteen, he illegally crossed the border into Italy just to show that he can. Upon coming back he befriended Boris Petkov and Ranko Rubežić and together with Beli, the foursome formed a basis for the mafia clan originating in the neighbourhood.
Criminal career.
Giška had close ties to the Serbian mafia (he was friends with Ljuba Zemunac) and Montenegrin mafia in his youth where he reached the rank of "Boss".
Giška's relationship with other prominent members of the Belgrade underworld was marked by alternating periods of close friendship and vicious feuding, often with deadly consequences.
In the late 1980s, together with gangster Željko "Arkan" Ražnatović and painter Dragan "Tapi" Malešević, Giška ran a nightclub called Amadeus located in the Belgrade neighbourhood of Tašmajdan. According to security operative Boža Spasić, they were allowed to open the club with the blessing of Yugoslav State Security (UDBA) as a reward of sorts for Giška's and Arkan's service to UDBA over the years, however, after discovering that in addition to regular activities the club is also being used for drug running, UDBA shut it down.
Serbian Guard.
Božović formed the Serbian Guard paramilitary force along with Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO) leader Vuk Drašković, his wife Danica Drašković and Branislav "Beli" Matić.
The paramilitary unit's training camp was located near Bor Lake in SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia. It participated in clashes on the territory of SR Croatia near the town of Gospić. Elements of the unit also participated in the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Božović was the unit's first commander, but was killed in action near Gospić. Some people have alleged that Božović's death was an act of "friendly fire" orchestrated either by Zdravko Tolimir or the Republic of Serbian Krajina's government. The unit's chief financier Branislav Matić was gunned down in August 1991 in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="36528826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528826" title="Sonkin enterprise multiple">
Sonkin enterprise multiple

The Sonkin enterprise multiple (Sonkin ratio) was named after by Paul D. Sonkin, a graduate of Columbia business school. This ratio can be used when Value investing.
The Sonkin ratio can be calculated using the following formula:
Sonkin ratio = (market capitalization + debt – cash) / (earnings before interest and taxes – tax)
The Sonkin ratio is an alternative to the P/E ratio (price to earnings ratio) and represents the multiple of operating earnings an investor would pay if using the company's cash. 
A lower multiple means that an investor will pay less to own the after-tax operating earnings of the business. 

</doc>
<doc id="36528834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528834" title="Anaheim police shooting and protests">
Anaheim police shooting and protests

The Anaheim police shootings and protests of July 2012 involve two fatal shootings by police officers in Anaheim, California, and subsequent public protests.
The shooting.
On July 21, 2012, 25-year-old Manuel Diaz was shot and killed by Anaheim Police officer Nick Bennallack in Anaheim, California, USA. According to police, officers were responding to a call about men congregating in an alley when they saw two men together in the alley, one of them carrying a shotgun. When approached, the men ran. The police pursued them and shot Diaz in front of a nearby apartment complex. Police have stated that Diaz was known to be a gang member and during the chase had thrown an object believed to be heroin onto a roof. Eventually, Diaz was transported to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead around 7:00 p.m, about three hours after the shooting occurred. The story has changed according to the APD whether the item thrown was over a roof or over a fence.
Protests.
After the shooting, a crowd of local residents gathered around the crime scene. According to the police, the crowd began to throw things at the police officers. Police fired at the crowd. At one point a police dog attacked several individuals.
Junior Lagunas, 19, suffered puncture wounds from the police dog attack. The Anaheim police chief stated that the dog accidentally got free from a police car and apologized for the attack. According to a blog maintained by free alternative newspaper OC Weekly, a CBS News video shows police unleashing a police dog in front of children. Witnesses at the scene told a local journalist that the police were offering to buy cell phone videos. Two reporters from "The Orange County Register" were injured — one was hit in the head with a rock, and the other was hit in the foot with a projectile. 
Further protests occurred in Anaheim, including protests at the police station and in the neighborhood where the shooting occurred. 
The protests escalated the next day after police shot and killed another man, Joel Acevedo, after he shot at officers during a foot chase.
Response and related events.
The mayor of Anaheim called for outside investigations of the shooting by state and federal agencies, and the two officers involved in the shooting of Diaz were placed on paid leave. According to the Diaz family lawyer, they have not been arrested.
After Acevedo was shot by Anaheim police on the day after the Diaz shooting, the city's police chief, John Welter, stated that he was "very concerned" about both the number of fatal shootings by Anaheim officers during the previous year and the controversy these shootings had caused.
Welter, along with other members of the Anaheim PD, were confronted earlier in the year by 100 residents of the Ponderosa community after 21-year-old Martin Hernandez was shot on March 6. Anaheim Mayor Tom Tait, City Council members Lorri Galloway and Kris Murray were in attendance as residents complained angrily of police harassment and intimidation in the neighborhood where Hernandez was shot. 
Protests outside the Anaheim Police Department have been occurring since early 2010, led by Fullerton resident Theresa Smith. Smith's 35-year-old son, Caesar Cruz, was shot by Anaheim Police on Dec. 9, 2009. Ever since her son's death, she has protested weekly outside the police building, demanding answers and accountability. The number of participants in Smith's protests was typically small until early 2012, when she was joined by Orange County residents who had been protesting in Fullerton after the 2011 death of Kelly Thomas, a 37-year-old man with schizophrenia who was fatally beaten by police. After the March 2012 fatal shooting of Hernandez, his friends and family also joined in the weekly Anaheim protests. Tony Rackauckas, the district attorney for Fullerton, confirmed in an interview for PBS that during his term in office no police officers had been prosecuted for any of the shooting deaths that they were involved in.
The fatal shooting of Joel Acevedo on Sunday night, July 22, was the sixth officer-involved shooting from in 2012 by the Anaheim Police Department. 
On July 24, Anaheim Mayor Tom Tait announced that he had arranged for the U.S. Attorney's Office to review the shootings, and that he would meet with representatives from that office, as well as with FBI agents, on Friday, July 27. Also on July 24, peaceful protests were led by Anaheim residents at Anaheim city hall at 4pm. By 6pm, the crowd started becoming unruly and Anaheim police called for riot gear and backup from surrounding cities. Many residents and police cite people from outside the city who turned the protest into a riot later in the day. Rioters were seen breaking windows of local businesses. Although there were no reports of major violence, some property damage was reported. Fifty to a hundred protesters roamed the streets, throwing rocks and bottles, causing damage to over twenty businesses, as well as the police headquarters and City Hall. A Starbucks store was attacked late in the night by a group of young men who used metal chairs and skateboards to break the windows. Welter said that the Anaheim Police Department would review video footage posted online to identify the protesters who broke the law.
A third officer-involved shooting incident occurred on the early morning of July 27, when police shot at a man who was fleeing from the scene of a burglary. One burglary suspect was uninjured and was apprehended, while another man escaped in a vehicle; police officers did not know whether the man in the vehicle had been hit by gunshots.
Aftermath.
On March 21, 2013, Rackauckas' office announced no charges would be filed against Bennallack in Diaz' death.
On March 6, 2014, a federal civil jury found the officers that killed Diaz not guilty of excessive force.

</doc>
<doc id="36528890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528890" title="Võ Duy Nam">
Võ Duy Nam

Võ Duy Nam (born 15 May 1986 or 28 June 1986) is Vietnamese footballer. He plays for Hà Nội T&T which is playing in V-League.
He was called to Vietnam national under-23 football team to attend 2007 SEA Games.
Then, was called to Vietnam national football team at the friendly matches against China PR, Hong Kong and Mozambique.

</doc>
<doc id="36528913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528913" title="Lookout tree">
Lookout tree

A lookout tree is a simple fire lookout created by attaching a ladder or a series of spikes to a tall straight tree with a view of the surrounding lands, allowing rangers or fire crews to conveniently climb the tree to survey their surroundings. The simplest kind consist only of a ladder to a suitable height: this kind was called a "ladder tree." Some ladder trees had platforms on the ground next to them for maps and a fire finder. A more elaborate version often created a platform on top a the tree trunk by cutting off approximately the last of the treetop and building a railed wooden platform on the resulting stump. These "platform trees" were often equipped with telephones, fire finder tables, seats and guy wires. Accommodation for the watcher was provided by a tent or shelter at the bottom of the tree. 
Lookout trees were widely used in the Kaibab National Forest of northern Arizona, and Washington, USA as well as in Australia. The Dave Evans Bicentennial Tree in Western Australia reaches 75m, while the tallest lookout in the United States was the Cook Creek Spar Tree near Lake Quinault, Washington, USA, at high from 1927 to 1955. 
Australia.
Eight karri trees were adapted as lookout trees in Western Australia in the 1930s and 1940s. The Gloucester Tree features a cabin in its top and may be climbed by visitors, as can the even taller Dave Evans Bicentennial Tree. The Diamond Tree continues in occasional use as a fire lookout.
United States.
Lookout trees were used as "ad hoc" towers throughout the American West in the early 20th century. The most significant concentrations were in northern Arizona and the Coast Range of Washington and Oregon.
Arizona.
Many of the surviving lookout trees in Arizona have been placed on the National Register of Historic Places. Lookout trees in Kaibab National Forest were used from about 1916 until the 1960s. Some of the early trees were replaced by towers built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s. 
Washington.
Although the Cook Creek Spar Tree was cut down in 1955 due to rot, another lookout tree remains, constructed in 1918 near Darrington, Washington. Abandoned as a lookout in the 1930s, it can be reached by the Lookout Tree Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="36528926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528926" title="The Doctor Is In... and Out">
The Doctor Is In... and Out

The Doctor is In... and Out is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1976 and released on the Atlantic label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars with the review by Thom Jurek calling it "a weird and wonderful record".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Yusef Lateef except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36528936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36528936" title="Helmut Eberspächer">
Helmut Eberspächer

Dipl.-Ing. Helmut Eberspächer (18 November 1915 – 19 June 2011) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () during World War II. The Knight's Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or outstanding military leadership. Helmut Eberspächer was credited with 7 victories, each resulting in the destruction of an enemy aircraft.
In 1950, he and his cousin Walter took over the family business Eberspächer, which now, among other products, manufactures engine block heaters for the automobile industry. He ran the business as chairman until 1988, and remained as an honorary chairman until 2005. He also served on the board of the Confederation of German Employers' Associations (BDA) and the German Automotive Industry Association. Under his leadership, Eberspächer became one of the leading automobile industry suppliers in Germany, with approximately 5,600 employees world wide and 1.9 billion Euros in sales in 2010.
In 1989 he was fined for tax evasion.
Early life and military career.
Eberspächer was born on 18 November 1915 in Tübingen, at that time part of the Kingdom of Württemberg, a federated state of the German Empire. In 1934 he volunteered for military service in the Reichswehr, and served in an armoured reconnaissance battalion. In parallel to his military service he studied mechanical engineering at the University of Stuttgart. Following his graduation in 1939, he transferred to the Luftwaffe. From July 1940 to January 1943 he served with the 7.("Fernaufklärungs"-) "Staffel" of Lehrgeschwader 2 (7th Long Range Reconnaissance Squadron of the 2nd Demonstration Wing) on both Western and Eastern Fronts. He then converted to a ground attack role, and from March 1943 served with Schnellkampfgeschwader 10 (SKG 10—10th Fast Bomber Wing), flying fighter-bomber missions over southern England and anti-shipping operations in the English Channel. He was promoted to the rank of "Hauptmann" (captain) on 1 May 1944 and appointed as "Staffelkapitän" (leader of the squadron) in Kurt Dahlmann's I./SKG 10 (1st Group).
Early on D-Day 6 June 1944, Hauptmann Eberspächer was ordered to lead four Focke-Wulf Fw 190s of 3/SKG 10 (3rd Squadron of SKG 10) over Normandy. Two hours later, the flight landed at Evreux having achieved the first Luftwaffe aerial victories of D-Day. At 05:01 they had intercepted a formation of Royal Air Force Avro Lancasters, and in the next three minutes, four were shot down. The first fell over Isigny-sur-Mer and the others near Carentan. Three were claimed as downed by Eberspächer, one of them being Lancaster ND739 of No. 97 Squadron RAF, flown by the squadron's commanding officer, W/C Jimmie Carter. His seven-man crew had earned four Distinguished Flying Crosses and three Distinguished Flying Medals. The wreckage of ND739 was located and excavated in 2012.
Eberspächer was awarded the Knight's Cross on 24 January 1945, after 170 "Jabo" (German abbreviation for "Jagdbomber"—fighter-bomber) missions over the Western Front. He flew sorties during the Battle of the Bulge and against the Remagen bridge and the established US Army bridgehead. His unit, I/SKG 10 (1st Group of SKG 10), was assigned to Kampfgeschwader 51 as III. "Gruppe" (3rd Group) on 30 June 1944. His squadron was then redesignated as the 3. Staffel/"Nachtschlachtgruppe" 20 night harassment attack squadron in October 1944. He survived the war and was credited with a total of seven aerial victories, including three at night.
Later life and business career.
After the war, Eberspächer joined the family business, which had been founded by his grandfather, Jakob Eberspächer, in 1865 as a plumber's workshop which was known as "Glasdachfabrik-Eberspächer" (Eberspächer Roof-Glazing). He succeeded Hanns-Martin Schleyer in 1978 as president of the "Landesvereinigung Baden-Württembergischer Arbeitgeberverbände" (State Federation of Baden-Württemberg Employers' Associations) after Schleyer was kidnapped and murdered by the Red Army Faction on 18 October 1977. Eberspächer also supported the Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart.
In July 1989, in the aftermath of the Flick affair, Eberspächer was fined 140,000 DM for tax evasion. He had transferred and donated more than 300,000 DM into the accounts of the political parties Christian Democratic Union and Free Democratic Party via the ""Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wirtschaft Baden-Württemberg"" (the Society for the Advancement of Economics in Baden-Württemberg) between 1972 and 1981.
He died on 19 June 2011 in Esslingen am Neckar. The Eberspächer family are heirs of his business and are ranked 264th of the 500 richest Germans in 2013, with net assets of 450 Million Euros, an increase of 100 Million Euros over the year 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36529009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529009" title="Human Research Program">
Human Research Program

The Human Research Program (HRP) was created in October 2005 at Johnson Space Center (JSC) in response to NASA's desire to move human research project management away from headquarters to JSC and to focus its research investment on investigating and mitigating the highest risks to astronaut health and performance in support of exploration missions. The HRP is an applied research and technology program that investigates and mitigates risks to astronaut health and performance in support of exploration missions and provides countermeasures and technologies for human space exploration.
Goals.
The goal of the HRP is to provide human health and performance countermeasures, knowledge, technologies and tools to enable safe, reliable and productive human space exploration. The Human Research Program also aims to educate the public on the challenges of human space flight. 
Human Research Roadmap.
The Human Research Roadmap (HRR) is a web-based tool that is used to communicate the content of the Integrated Research Plan (IRP). The IRP is utilized to identify the approach and research activities planned to address risks to human health and performance in space which are assigned to specific Elements within the program.
With this tool, users can search for items as gaps associated with a risk, the tasks associated with a given gap, the cross-integration of a task across multiple gaps or risks and deliverables associated with a gap or risk.
Evidence.
Reviews of the accumulated evidence from medical records, space flight operations and research findings are compiled into Evidence Reports. This evidence provides the basis for identifying the highest priority human risks in space exploration, which comprise the risk portfolio within the HRP. It also provides the basis for identifying gaps and tasks in the research plan.
Risks.
Risks include physiological effects of radiation, low gravity, terrestrial environments as well as unique challenges in medical support, human factors and behavioral health support. Risks are identified in the Program Requirements Document (PRD) and assigned to an Element within HRP to quantify, mitigate or monitor.
A current list of risks being evaluated can be found at the portal as well as at the HRR website.
Gaps.
For each risk, the HRP Element identifies gaps in knowledge about the risk and the ability to mitigate the risk. The degree of uncertainty in understanding the likelihood, consequence and/or time-frame of a particular risk are the major factors that drive the gaps. Knowledge or mitigation gaps often appear in multiple risks, and many of the specific research tasks address multiple gaps.
Tasks.
Tasks partially or completely close a gap by better defining a risk or developing mitigation strategies to reduce the risk to an acceptable level. In some cases, a task can address multiple gaps across multiple risks.
Deliverables.
Each task culminates in a deliverable or other agreed upon end-product such as recommended standards, flight rules, processes, countermeasures and new technology.
Elements.
There are currently seven elements in the HRP.
International Space Station Medical Project
Antarctica<br>
Bed Rest Studies<br>
Desert Research and Technology Studies (D-RATS)<br>
Haughton Mars Project - Research Station<br>
NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations (NEEMO)<br>
Human-Related Altitude Chamber Complex
External Links and Additional Information.
Please see the , the Human Research Roadmap website or NASA's Human Research Project website for up-to-date information on the risks currently under investigation.
The Life Science Data Archive (LSDA) contains research data from NASA sponsored research.
The Lifetime Surveillance of Astronaut Health (LSAH) is a repository of electronic heath records of all astronauts and mission data which is collected according to the requirements set forth in the Medical Requirements Integration Document (MRID).

</doc>
<doc id="36529018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529018" title="Hamadab">
Hamadab

Hamadab is the name for an ancient city of ruins located in Sudan. It appears to have been abandoned 4th century AD. The name is borrowed from the nearby village of al Dumat Hamadab, as the ancient name of the city is initially unknown. The ruins lie about south of Meroë. They consist of two hills, in width and length, one being in height, and the other being half of that. The two hills are separated from each other within the Nile. In 1914, a temple was excavated northeast of the settlement; it included pillars dedicated to Queen Amanirenas and her son, Akinidad. While Amun is suspected, it is unknown which god was worshiped in the temple. Other excavations have occurred since 2001. They revealed mud brick built houses surrounded by a wall.

</doc>
<doc id="36529020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529020" title="Sean Soderman">
Sean Soderman

Sean Soderman is an American collegiate runner at Appalachian State University and former USA Junior National Champion in the 3000 meter steeplechase. He is from Charlotte, NC with a degree in Nutrition and Dietetics at Appalachian State University. He has represented the United States of American in the Junior Pan American Games in Trinidad and Tobago in 2009. He is currently pursuing a Masters Degree at Appalachian State University with cross country eligibility.
High School.
Soderman was coached by Justin Nauman at North Mecklenburg High School in Huntersville, NC. Soderman played soccer under Marc Calderone for 3 years. Soderman ran his first cross country race his junior year at the State Championships to help his team place in the top 15. 
College.
Signed with Appalachian State University in Boone, NC in 2008 under Mike Curcio. In 2009 Soderman broke the freshman all-time cross country mark for 8000 meters. He was also the 2nd freshman to finish in the Southern Conference cross country Championships. 
Soderman won Junior National 3000 meter steeplechase in Eugene Oregon in June 2009. Soderman represented the United States in the Junior Pan American Games in Trinidad and Tobago in July 2009 where He took Silver behind Mattias Wolter of Canada. 
Soderman has made it to two NCAA DIV 1 National Championships 1st rounds in Indianapolis IN in 2011 and Jacksonville FL in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36529023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529023" title="Les Gaillards">
Les Gaillards

Les Gaillards Paris Rugby Club is a French rugby club based in Paris. 
History.
The club was founded in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36529032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529032" title="Peg’s Cantina">
Peg’s Cantina

Peg’s Cantina and Brew Pub is a bungalow turned into a restaurant in Gulfport, Florida, USA, established in 2004. Peg’s is family owned and operated by founders Peg Wesselink and Tony Dodson. 
Peg’s features Mexican food prepared mainly with local, seasonal, sustainable ingredients. For example, in the past, the restaurant showcased a farm-to-table menu with food sourced from within a 100-mile radius.
In 2011, Peg’s was featured when Rand McNally named Gulfport a finalist in the Best for Food category in their Best of the Road Competition. Peg’s was one of three restaurants named in New York Magazine Florida Weekend Escape. Creative Loafing magazine selected them as one of the Top 50 Restaurants in Tampa Bay in 2009.
Craft beer.
Peg's beer list has been deemed “one of the best beer lists in the Bay area.” Ratebeer.com named them as one of the Best Brewpubs in the World. 
The head brewer at Peg’s is Wesselink’s son, Doug Dozark, who interned at Cigar City Brewing in Tampa. Dozark began handcrafting small batches of beer for Peg’s in 2009. Dozark and his crew are brewing experimental styles including barrel-aged stouts and sour ales in addition to traditional styled beer such as India Pale Ales, lagers, amber ales, and porters. Peg’s G.O.O.D. beers (short for Gulfport Original on Draft) have won numerous awards. In 2010, Dozark entered three beers in the Best Florida Beer Championship and won 3 medals – gold for his Square Dancing Cody IPA and Gulfport Centennail Stout, and bronze for his Berliner Weiss. In 2012, Peg’s Rare D.O.S. American Double/Imperial Stout was rated #10 on Beer Advocate’s Top 100 Beers list. Two of Peg’s Berliner Weisses made Ratebeer.com’s Top 50 Session Beer list in 2010. 
Peg’s has been the host of several inaugural beer events. In conjunction with Tampa Bay Beer Week in March 2012, Peg’s showcased their award winning barrel-aged beers at the first G.O.O.D. (and RARE!) Barrel-Aged Beer Day. In May 2012, Peg’s hosted the first Berliner Bash on the Bay, which was a unique event featuring Florida brewers pouring their own original versions of the traditional Berliner Weisse style.

</doc>
<doc id="36529034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529034" title="Bodega Bohemia">
Bodega Bohemia

Bodega Bohemia is the fourth studio album by German synthpop band Camouflage, released in April 26, 1993 by Metronome Musik. The band moved to Hamburg and began working on the album in mid-1992 following the release of the sideproject EP "Areu Areu". The aim of the album was to return to an electronic presentation with as much influence from electronics as possible. 
The resulting album was not promoted well by Metronome, who only released the album and its three singles in Germany. "Bodega Bohemia" was the band's last album for the label.
Singles.
Three singles were issued from the album. The first, "Suspicious Love" was released in March 1993, followed by the second single, "Close (We Stroke the Flames)" in June. Both singles were remixed for release. A third single, "Jealousy" was released in August.
Track listing.
All songs written by Camouflage.
Credits.
Backing Vocals – Julie Ocean 
Design Design – Ingrid Albrecht 
Drum Programming Drum Loops – Thomas Dörr 
Electric Guitar, Programmed By – Ingo Ito 
Electronics, Sequenced By – Heiko Maile 
Photography By – Reiner Pfisterer 
Producer – Dan Lacksman, Heiko Maile 
Technician Electronics [Machines – Dan Lacksman 
Violin Performer [Add. Sounds – Julian Boyd 
Vocals – Marcus Meyn 
℗1993 Metronome Musik GmbH, Hamburg

</doc>
<doc id="36529052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529052" title="Didier Kavumbagu">
Didier Kavumbagu

Didier Kavumbangu (born 24 January 1983) is Burundian professional international footballer. He plays for Young Africans which playing in the Tanzanian Premier League as a midfielder.
Young Africans yesterday unveiled Burundian striker, Didier Kavumbangu who has joined the Jangwani based club for the coming season.
He was called to Burundi national football team at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification and scored two goals for his team.

</doc>
<doc id="36529073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529073" title="Antelope Reservoir">
Antelope Reservoir

Antelope Reservoir is a large body of water impounded for irrigation in a semi-arid region of northeastern Oregon in the United States. Located near the small city of Jordan Valley in Malheur County, it is about west of Oregon's border with Idaho. Although the lake is formed by a dam across Jack Creek, most of the water enters the reservoir via the Antelope Feeder Canal. It diverts water to the reservoir from nearby Jordan Creek at a point near the Idaho border. Jack Creek, which carries minor outflows from the reservoir, empties into Jordan Creek further downstream.
History.
The lake was originally formed by a high dam, built in 1913–14, on Jack Creek. At that time, the water in the reservoir came from intermittent surface streams. The dam, managed by the Jordan Valley Irrigation District, was raised to in 1933, and in addition to the intermittent flows the higher dam impounds water from Jordan Creek. The water is used to irrigate about of farmland downstream of the lake.
Recreation.
The Bureau of Land Management, which administers much of the grazing land in the Antelope Reservoir basin, maintains a public campground and boat ramp at the lake. Anglers can fish for stocked trout, and wild Columbia River redband trout from Jordan Creek sometimes enter the reservoir. However, the Oregon Health Authority has issued warnings about very high levels of methylmercury contamination that makes fish caught from the lake dangerous to eat. The contamination stems from past mining activity along the headwaters of Jordan Creek, near Silver City, Idaho, where large quantities of mercury were used to separate gold and silver from other materials.
"Fishing in Oregon" says the lake "is a better destination for solitude than for fishing." Other activities include waterfowl watching, "gorgeous sunsets and terrific star-gazing opportunities."

</doc>
<doc id="36529103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529103" title="1987 Athens Open – Singles">
1987 Athens Open – Singles

Henrik Sundström was the defending champion but did not participate this year.
Guillermo Pérez-Roldán won the tournament, beating Tore Meinecke in the final, 6–2, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="36529133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529133" title="Lord Augustus FitzRoy">
Lord Augustus FitzRoy

Lord Augustus FitzRoy (16 October 171624 May 1741) was a British officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the War of the Austrian Succession, and was involved in the capture of the Spanish ship of the line, "Princesa", a major prize in the war. He was also the father of Augustus Henry Fitzroy, 3rd Duke of Grafton, who became Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Early life.
Lord Augustus FitzRoy was born in England, the second son of Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton and Henrietta Somerset. His grandfather, Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Grafton, was the illegitimate son of King Charles II. Lord Augustus was educated at Eton College in 1728.
Early naval service and love life.
FitzRoy served in the Royal Navy and had risen to the rank of lieutenant by 1734. He was commissioned as a captain in 1736. In 1733 he was stationed in the North Atlantic, and in a visit to New York, by virtue of his high birth, he was welcomed by the Governor of New York, William Cosby. He also met the Governor's daughter, Elizabeth, who married Lord Augustus in March 1734. Despite being married, he was still apparently of a "very amorous disposition", as his biographer, John Charnock wrote. He had earlier contracted a marriage at the age of 17, which his father, the Duke, had refused to recognize. Acknowledging him as a "brave and gallant young man", Charnock nonetheless admitted that FitzRoy had apparently told his wife "the night before he left her to go to sea that he had received with much transport a letter" from Sir William Morice's wife "that she would lie with him the following night and go to sea with him". This the couple apparently did, as they were discovered "in flagrante delicto" at an inn on the road to the harbour where FitzRoy's ship was anchored. Lady Morice was apprehended but escaped to France, while Sir William sued FitzRoy, obtaining £5,000 in damages and a divorce. FitzRoy's father, the Duke, shocked by his son's actions, promised his daughter-in-law "that he would be kind to her and never let her want while he lived."
FitzRoy's first command was the 40-gun fifth rate . He was appointed captain of the "Eltham" on 2 November 1736, and held this command until November 1739. The "Eltham" was a part of George Clinton's squadron in the Mediterranean as part of the build up of forces during the War of Jenkin's Ear. Due to increased hostilities, Nicholas Haddock was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Mediterranean squadron, reinforcing it with more ships. Lord Augustus FitzRoy was, in September 1739, sent by Haddock to reconnoitre Carthagena and Barcelona the latter being the port at which any troops destined for the enterprise would collect as they had on previous occasions with orders to bring back a report as to the possibility of executing an attack upon either the squadron or the shipping by means of fireships and bomb-vessels. Lord Augustus, who returned in the middle of October, reported that the enterprise was impracticable in view of the strong defences of the harbours.
Political life.
FitzRoy became Member of Parliament for Thetford on 10 February 1739 in a by-election. The constituency was one of those largely controlled by his father. His naval duties sometimes kept him away from parliament, such as during the division on the Spanish convention in March 1739, but voted with the Government against the place bill in January 1740.
Command of "Orford".
In October/November 1739, Lord Augustus FitzRoy was appointed captain of the 70-gun third rate . On 26 October 1740, a fleet of some 30 ships sailed from England under Admiral Sir Chaloner Ogle to support Admiral Edward Vernon in the West Indies against Spain. HMS "Orford", commanded by Captain Lord Augustus FitzRoy, was a part of this fleet.
There were three notable incidents on this journey and subsequent patrols involving FitzRoy: the capture of a French prize, the attack on a French convoy, and the capture of the Spanish warship "Princesa". On the first instance "On Saturday the 8th , the Orford gave chase to a vessel plying to the eastward, and brought her into the fleet under French colours." The second ...the admiral proceeded on his voyage, with fair weather ... till the afternoon of Wednesday, January the 7th, when they descried five large ships towards the shore. The admiral immediately made signal for the Orford, the Prince Frederick, the Weymouth, the Dunkirk, and the York, to give chase, while he and the fleet continued their course for Jamaica. They accordingly came up with the five ships, which were French men of war; and Lord Augustus FitzRoy, who commanded the Orford, ordered their commodore to hoist out his boat and come aboard. This order the French captain refusing to obey, his lordship gave him a broadside, and a very obstinate engagement ensued. The engagement ended in the morning, when the English pretended they had mistaken the French for Spanish. Both forces sailed on their way. The third incident involving Fitzroy was the capture of the Spanish ship, the "Princesa".
Capture of the "Princesa".
On 18 April 1740, the "Orford", and were sailing off the coast of Cape Finisterre. They encountered the Spanish ship "Princesa". The three English ships were all 70-gun third rate ships of the line, and the "Princesa" was a 74-gun third rate, but according to the sources, only carried 64 guns. The "Princesa" was very strongly built and withstood much of the attack for several hours. After about five or six hours, and considerable damage, the Spanish commander, Don Parlo Augustino de Gera, surrendered. As the "Orford" was the closest English ship, FitzRoy was the first captain to reach the prize, and so accepted the surrender. This caused some consternation, particularly with Mayne, the commander of the "Lenox", as the "Lenox" had been heavily involved in the fighting. "The prize, rated as a 70, continued for some years as one of the best two-deckers in the British Navy"
The Siege of Cartagena.
The "Orford", under FitzRoy, sailed to Cartagena as part of the fleet under Admiral Vernon. the "Orford" had only a minor recorded role, in helping blockade the inner harbour of Surgidero. FitzRoy wrote a letter to the Duke of Richmond, dated 25 April 1741, regarding the failed attack on Fort San Lazare.
Marriage and family.
Captain Lord Augustus FitzRoy met Elizabeth Cosby in 1733, when he visited New York. Her father, William Cosby, was the Governor of New York, and had welcomed Augustus to the city. They were married in March 1734. They had two children:
Death.
Lord Augustus FitzRoy, like many officers serving in the West Indies at the time, suffered from the tropical fevers and diseases brought on by the poor living conditions and low health standards. The much-reduced fleet returned from Cartagena to Jamaica on 19 May 1741, and FitzRoy died several days later, on 24 May 1741.

</doc>
<doc id="36529154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529154" title="Miss Willie Brown">
Miss Willie Brown

Miss Willie Brown was an American country music duo consisting of Amanda Watkins and Kasey Buckley, who are respectively natives of West Virginia and Texas but met in California. They are signed to A&M/Octone Records, to which they were the first group signed.
The duo performed on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" in 2011 before their signing. Afterward, they began working with producer Keith Stegall on their debut album. They also toured with Dierks Bentley and Josh Thompson and released a self-titled extended play. Debut single "Sick of Me" did not enter the charts, but its followup, "You're All That Matters to Me", was made into a music video and charted in August 2012. Miss Willie Brown performed "You're All That Matters to Me" and "Sick of Me" on The CW's "Hart of Dixie" on April 9, 2012 in the episode "Always on My Mind".
On April 16, 2013, the duo announced on their Facebook page that they were dissolving the group with Watkins pursuing a solo career and Buckley taking a break from music.

</doc>
<doc id="36529173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529173" title="2010 Penn Quakers football team">
2010 Penn Quakers football team

The 2010 Penn Quakers football team represented the University of Pennsylvania in the 2010 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Quakers were led by 19th year head coach Al Bagnoli and played their home games at Franklin Field. They are a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 9-1, 7-0 in Ivy League play to finish in a tie for first place.

</doc>
<doc id="36529180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529180" title="Gala Abu Ahmed">
Gala Abu Ahmed

Gala Abu Ahmed is a fortress ruin in lower Wadi Howar, northern Sudan. The facility is located west of the Nile. The fort was discovered in 1984 by archaeologists from the University of Cologne. It dates to the Napatan phase (ca. 750-350 BC) of the Kingdom of Kush. Radiocarbon dating suggests that the fortress was already in use around 1100 BC. The function of the building is still unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="36529237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529237" title="Mbwana Samatta">
Mbwana Samatta

Mbwana Aly Samatta (born 7 January 1992 or 13 December 1992) is Tanzanian footballer. He is playing for the TP Mazembe in Linafoot as a striker. He is a member of Tanzania national football team, played at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification and scored two goals.
Samatta is well known in Lubumbashi for his six goals which he scored during the last campaign of CAF Champions League. He scored against Al Ahly, Zamalek, Berekum Chelsea, Power Dynamos, and Al-Merrikh.

</doc>
<doc id="36529275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529275" title="California Historical Landmarks in Colusa County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Colusa County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Colusa County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36529320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529320" title="Smithfield Plantation (Fredericksburg, Virginia)">
Smithfield Plantation (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

Smithfield Plantation is now a Country Club located in Spotsylvania County, Virginia, four miles south of the city of Fredericksburg.
]
Early History.
That bit of land that is now the Fredericksburg Country Club is rich in both history and people. Prior to the arrival of the first white settlers, Native Americans of the Algonquin tribes hunted and fished on the grounds and waters bounding the Club property. 
In 1671, Charles II of England granted about 5,000 acres to a Major Lawrence Smith of Gloucester County, Virginia. In 1676, the early settlers built a fort in the vicinity of the Club's 10th tee, to protect themselves from these same Indians. After an abortive effort to establish a settlement here, Smith broke the grant into parcels, one of which was sold in 1730 to Francis Taliaferro. In the mid-eighteenth century the property was inherited by a relative in the then prominent Brooke family, who built a home thereon and named it Smithfield in honor of the original owner of the land. 
 Richard Brooke raised four sons who all fought in the War of Independence and later gained prominence in the new nation. Laurence Brooke, the eldest, sailed with our nation's first naval hero, John Paul Jones. Captain Jones, a citizen of Fredericksburg, appointed Laurence surgeon of the Bon Homme Richard and both participated in the famous engagement with the Serapis. After the Revolution Laurence became one of the most respected doctors of our new nation. Robert Brooke, the second son, was captured by the British and sent to England by Lord Howe. He escaped via Scotland and France, returned to Virginia, joined a volunteer troop of cavalry and was captured again at Westham, seven miles above Richmond. In 1794 Robert was elected Governor of Virginia, and later served as Attorney General for the state. Francis and John Brooke were twins and the youngest of the family. Both served as officers at the age of sixteen for Generals Lafayette, Harrison and Spotswood. John later served in the House of Delegates from Stafford for many years. Francis served in the House of Delegates until he became a Judge in 1804 and served until 1849.
The Smithfield property was purchased by John Pratt of Caroline County in 1814. Shortly thereafter, the original dwelling burned down, and by 1822 the present mansion house was built. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg.
 In December of 1862, Union troops crossed the Rappahannock near what is now the Spotsylvania County Industrial Park, and marched down the Richmond Stage Road (now State Route 2) toward what is now the Country Club. From here, they were to make a right flank movement, and attack the Confederate forces on the high ground about a mile to the west of the Club. A young Alabamian, Major John Pelham, CSA, in a daring and unorthodox move, brought a battery of artillery down from Hamilton's Crossing to a point near the intersection of what is now Tidewater Trail and Benchmark Road, just south of the clubhouse. The National Park Service has a marker in this location. From here he fired on the Union troops, resisting efforts of his senior officers to withdraw until his casualties were such that the battery was no longer effective.
 During this same December, the present clubhouse became a Union hospital. With the Confederate artillery on the high ground to the west, and the Union artillery on the east bank of the river, cannon balls undoubtedly crossed the property concurrently from both directions. Many who fought over this ground, including Lee, Jackson, Longstreet, Burnside, Hooker, and Sumner, had a clear view of the mansion that is now the clubhouse.
The Pratt family retained ownership of the property up to the beginning of the 20th century. 
The Vance Era.
In 1905, Captain Reginald Henley Conroy Vance, of New York, purchased Smithfield and added the current wings and white columns to the house. These were the work of architects William Penn Cresson and Nathan C. Wyeth. Wyeth would later design the Oval Office at the White House for William Howard Taft. In 1907, Captain Vance purchased a portion of the adjoining Mannsfield estate and renamed the current clubhouse, Mannsfield Hall. The historic Mannsfield mansion, located on the current North Club subdivision, had burned to the ground January 1863, when southern troops mistakenly built their fire on a hardwood floor. Captain Vance and his wife Clarissa died in the collapse of the Knickerbocker Theater in Washington in 1922.
Formation of the Country Club.
 In 1925, after Captain Vance's death, the property was purchased by a group of Fredericksburg area citizens, who incorporated it as the Mannsfield Hall Country Club. The dwelling that had been built in 1819 now became their clubhouse, and a nine-hole golf course, tennis courts, and a swimming pool were added. Mannsfield Hall soon became one of the social centers in the Fredericksburg area, and the host to many parties, weddings, balls, and meetings.
 Unfortunately, with the advent of World War II, gasoline rationing, the shortage of supplies, and the departure of many young men and women to the military, circumstances required the corporation to be dissolved and the property sold at a public auction. It was purchased by Colonel Richard F. Riddell of Washington for $39,000. In 1946, after the war, a group of citizens, many of whom were former club stockholders, purchased the property again for $60,000, and incorporated under its present name, The Fredericksburg Country Club.
 Since its repurchase, a host of changes and improvements have been made. In 1961, another nine holes were added to the course, several greens relocated, new bunkers built, approaches contoured, and extensive landscaping enhancements undertaken. Of historic note to golfers: The small pond to the right front of the 9th tee covers up what used to be the old 8th green. The original swim facility was replaced with an Olympic style pool, and a wading pool for the youngsters. The outdoor tennis courts were relocated and a new building, housing two indoor courts, was constructed.
 The clubhouse itself has undergone several major changes. In 1973, a large ballroom and several ancillary facilities were added to the east side of the building. In 1988, further major modifications were made to include increasing the dining area, adding a new kitchen, locker rooms, showers and storage areas. In 1990, a new building was erected to house the golf carts and grounds maintenance equipment. A new pump house was installed in 1993, making it possible to double the amount of acreage that could be served by the water sprinkling system.
 The Club underwent major construction changes in 1998, necessitated in part by the increase in membership, as well as adding new physical plant amenities. The former kitchen area was remodeled, and has become an employee lounge and storage area. The Rappahannock dining room was enlarged, and the former Hunt and Mannsfield rooms joined and remodeled for gourmet dining and small parties. Added construction provided space for a new bar and bar room; an enlarged new modern kitchen; and a Great Room under the new kitchen. This room provides space for youngsters to come in from the sun or rain, play or watch television, and to get a snack. This Great Room is also used for meetings, banquets, and is adjacent to an area built for al fresco dining. Improvements were made to enhance the play on an already fine golf course, and two new clay courts built for tennis playing members. A fully equipped new exercise room was also added during 1998.
Looking Ahead.
 Over 300 years after the first buildings were erected on the property; 190 years after the present clubhouse was built, 150 years after the last cannon was fired in anger across its boundaries; and 65 years after it was repurchased for $60,000, the Fredericksburg Country Club is now a family oriented, nonprofit social club. The golf, tennis and pool facilities are in fine condition and in active use. The original charm of the ca. 1822 mansion has been preserved, with later additions adapted to contemporary styles and customs. It is a place of luncheons, meetings, youth activities, parties, bridge, banquets, weddings, dances, dinners, and conversation. Its historic setting, architecture, grounds, and landscaping are amongst the finest in Virginia. 
On August 23, 2011, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit the central Virginia region damaging the 4 main chimmneys of the original plantation house. The Historic Smithfied-Brooke Foundation, Inc., a 501(c)3 charitable organization which had a mission to preserve the historic plantation structure, is currently raising funds to repair the earthquake damage.

</doc>
<doc id="36529322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529322" title="Penn State Board of Trustees">
Penn State Board of Trustees

The Penn State Board of Trustees is the 32-member governing body for The Pennsylvania State University. Its members include the university's president, the Governor of the Commonwealth, and the state Secretaries of Agriculture, Conservation and Natural Resources, and Education. The other members include six trustees appointed by the Governor, nine elected by alumni, and six elected by Pennsylvania agricultural societies. Six additional trustees are elected by a board representing business and industry enterprises. Undergraduate students do not elect any trustees; the court case "Benner v. Oswald" ruled that the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment did not require the undergraduate students be allowed to participate in the selection of trustees.
As of 2013, the chair of the board of trustees is Keith E. Masser, a graduate of Penn State and the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Sterman Masser, Inc.
The main responsibilities of the board are to select the president of Penn State, to determine the goals and strategic direction of the University, and to approve the annual budget. Regular meetings of the board are held bi-monthly and take place primarily on the University Park campus, although on occasion meetings are held at other locations within the Commonwealth.
Current Membership.
Members listed below as of May 12, 2014 Note: The date in parentheses following each name below indicates the year in which the term will expire. Trustees appointed by the Governor serve until their successors have been appointed and confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="36529325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529325" title="Louisiana State Route 4">
Louisiana State Route 4

Louisiana State Route 4 (LA 4) was a state highway in Louisiana. It spanned , making it one of the longest pre-1955 state routes. It was originally established as a numbering of the Dixie Overland Highway auto trail, and later served as a portion of US 80.
Route description.
"Beginning at Mississippi River east of Delta, through Tallulah, Delhi, Rayville, Monroe, Ruston, Arcadia, Gibsland, Minden, to Shreveport." - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
LA 4 was a numbering of the auto trail named the Dixie Overland Highway, a route that spanned from San Diego to Georgia. LA 4 began where LA 1 turned south towards Natchitoches, and continued east through Shreveport and Bossier City, using the Long-Allen bridge over the Red River. LA 4 trudged through north Louisiana, meeting LA 90 and LA 11 in Minden, before entering Ruston and meeting US 167/LA 5. East of Ruston, LA 4 passed through Monroe, crossing on the Lea Joyner Bridge across the Ouachita River.
East of Monroe, LA 4 passed through small towns and some larger cities, like Rayville, Delhi, and Tallulah, meeting LA 47, LA 16, and LA 3, respectively. LA 4 then met Delta as the last town before crossing the Old Vicksburg Bridge to cross the Mississippi River into Vicksburg.
Realignment in Monroe.
In 1935, LA 4 faced the first major shift in alignment, when the state highway was moved onto the Lea Joyner Bridge across the Ouachita River, bypassing the older Endom Bridge and Desiard Street. LA 4's shift in alignment meant a surge in art deco structures, many of which are still standing along Louisville Avenue. Desiard Street still retains the older buildings from the turn of the 20th century to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="36529349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529349" title="The Poker House">
The Poker House

The Poker House is a 2008 American drama film written and directed by Lori Petty, in her feature film directorial debut. The film portrays a painful day in the life of a teenage girl who is raising her two younger sisters in their mother's whorehouse. It is Academy Award-winner Jennifer Lawrence's first film in a leading role.
Plot.
The film focuses on one single day in the life of three abused and neglected sisters, Agnes (14) (Jennifer Lawrence), Bee (12) (Sophi Bairley), and Cammie (8) (Chloë Grace Moretz). Their mother, Sarah (Selma Blair), a woman who has turned to prostitution to support the girls, but is forced into alcohol and drug abuse by her pimp, Duval (Bokeem Woodbine). Because of this, Sarah is unable to care for the girls, forcing Agnes into a position of being a mother to her two younger sisters. The three girls live in the mother's whorehouse, the Poker House, where neighborhood pimps and criminals gather to play poker as well. Agnes believes Duval loves her, as a boyfriend would, despite his abuse towards her mother.
The movie starts when Agnes arrives home, very early in the morning. She begins tidying the house and wakes Bee, after preparing her paper route for her. The conversation between the two reveals there is another sister, Cammie, and that Cammie often stays the night at her friend Sheila's house. The movie reveals that the girls and their mother once had a real family. Their father, a preacher, used to beat Sarah and the girls. The four fled, and Sarah, struggling to make ends meet, became a prostitute.
The day shifts from girl to girl. There is little interaction among the three. Bee speaks of moving into a foster home, hoping to be adopted. Cammie spends the day at a bar, making friends with Dolly (Natalie West), the bar owner, and Stymie (David Alan Grier), an alcoholic. Agnes rides through town, talking with a few friends, playing a game of basketball and picking up a couple of paychecks from her part-time jobs.
Towards the end of the day, Agnes climbs through Bee's window, avoiding the living room, which is full of gamblers, pimps and drunks. Bee has locked herself in her room and, like Agnes, avoids the downstairs chaos. Agnes makes Bee leave the house, telling her not to come back for a while. She then makes her way into the living room, and a stranger begins to talk to her. He asks her why she is there, and she responds by telling him that this is where she lives and that Sarah was her mother. When the man finds out that Agnes is a star basketball player for her high school team with an important game that night, the man gives her a sympathetic look and tells her to get out of the house and go to the game, but she ignores him.
Later that evening, Duval rapes an intoxicated Agnes. As Duval releases her, she runs to the bathroom to clean herself, horrified by the thoughts of the violence and possibility of pregnancy. She is completely traumatized. Her mother enters the bathroom, and as Agnes reaches for her in utter distress, Sarah refuses to touch her and instead tells Agnes to go to the store to pick up alcohol after reminiscing on Agnes being a handful as a young child, showing intelligence even when she was a one year old.
Soon after, Agnes overhears Duval telling Sarah that he will begin pimping and selling Agnes as well. She threatens to shoot Duval, firing a couple of shots to prevent Duval from leaving, screaming to her mother that he raped her and deserves to be shot for what he does to Sarah as well. Sarah only tells Agnes that she'll defend him. Agnes leaves for her basketball game.
After scoring 27 points in the second half alone, a record that lasts for years to come, Agnes limps to the car and has a meltdown. She then wipes her tears and puts the horrific events of the night in the back of her mind. She drives off and finds Bee and Cammie at a nearby bridge. The two get in the car with Agnes not telling her young sisters of events that took place that evening, and instead takes them to get dinner. Bee reveals that she went to the bar after she went to a friend's house and that she found Cammie. Cammie then plays "Ain't No Mountain High Enough", and the movie closes as the three girls sing together.
At the start of the film credits, it reveals that Agnes left Iowa to go to New York and became an actress and artist. It also reveals that 20 years later she directed the movie, and that the movie is the true story of director and actress Lori Petty's childhood.
Cast.
Jennifer Lawrence's father, Gary Lawrence, appears uncredited in the film as the basketball coach of the other team.
Reception.
Critical response.
"The Poker House" has received positive reviews from film critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 80% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 5 reviews, with an average score of 6.2/10, making the film a "Fresh" on the website's rating system.

</doc>
<doc id="36529400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529400" title="Darren Christie">
Darren Christie

Darren Christie Melusi (born 21 November 1984) is Swazi footballer. He plays for Mbabane Swallows in the Swazi Premier League. He is a member of Swaziland national football team, played at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification, scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36529424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529424" title="Louisiana State Route 3-D">
Louisiana State Route 3-D

Louisiana State Route 3-D (LA 3-D) was a state highway in Louisiana. It spanned , serving northeastern Louisiana, spanning from Lake Providence to the Millikin community. It was an older alignment of LA 3.
Route description.
LA 3-D was essentially only an older alignment of LA 3, following the old road to the northern end of Lake Providence, then north to meet the levee. LA 3-D then followed the Old River along Pittman Island, actually a part of Mississippi, then connected back with LA 3 at the Millikin Community.

</doc>
<doc id="36529444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529444" title="Arlo Guthrie discography">
Arlo Guthrie discography

This is the discography of Arlo Guthrie.

</doc>
<doc id="36529450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529450" title="Zvi Malnovitzer">
Zvi Malnovitzer

Zvi Malnovitzer (Hebrew: צבי מלנוביצר, born 1945) is a Jewish expressionist painter born to a Haredi, or ultra-Orthodox, religious family in Bnei Brak, Israel. His upbringing in a society isolated from the modern world, where he was dedicated to intensive and uninterrupted Talmudic study from a young age, makes his decision to become an artist unusual, bold, and one of accomplishment. 
During his training in Reichenau, Austria, where he studied under the auspices of artist Wolfgang Manner and under the direction of Ernst Fuchs (renowned exponent of “Fantastic Realism,” a 20th-century group of artists in Vienna combining techniques of the Old Masters with religious and esoteric symbolism), Malnvotizer developed a unique style portraying themes that straddle the religious and secular worlds.
While Malnovitzer’s work is inspired by the prolific portraits of Rembrandt van Rijn (1606–1669) and the Romanticism of Francisco de Goya (1746–1828), his style is unique in that it combines European Expressionism with traditional and religious themes. The way he paints is reflective of the way he lives his life - by embracing modern ideas while continuing to preserve his religious traditions. The subjects in his paintings are diverse, ranging from rabbis, to Holocaust survivors, to patrons at coffee shops. The one characteristic that all his works share is that his subjects’ faces, especially their eyes, speak volumes about their life story. The humanity and the universality of his art has made him known throughout the world – in Tel Aviv, Tokyo, Paris, New York City, Los Angeles, London, Amsterdam, Sydney, Berlin, and many other cities where his paintings have appeared in auctions, at galleries, and in exhibitions.
Early life.
The tragic history of his family and of the Jewish people cast a shadow over his entire life and career. Since his childhood, it was his noble mission to struggle with memories of the Holocaust and of exile through painting. At age 12, Malnotivzer sketched a black ink drawing of figures emerging from a cave, with Nazi soldiers perched on a balcony above. He wrote the word “Galut,” meaning “exile,” at the edge of the drawing. He was thinking of his family who perished in the Holocaust and the injustice that his grandfather endured by the Nazis, including an attempt to set fire to his beard. For young Zvi, born the year that World War II ended, exile became both a traumatic memory and an artistic inspiration.
His commitment to energizing the Jewish cultural scene through painting was matched only by his pride to serve the recently established State of Israel. In 1963, Malnovizter was drafted into the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). After his service, he was on reserve duty in the Burial Division.
Career beginnings.
In 1966, Malnovitzer married his wife Bilha and began working in a carpentry workshop in south Tel Aviv. In this capacity, he befriended the locals of the neighborhood - including vendors, beggars, and drug addicts - who became the subjects of his work.
Education.
In 1977, Malnovizer studied briefly at the Avni Institute in Tel Aviv. He continued his training in Europe, where he was introduced to the works of Rembrandt van Rijn at the Rijksmuseum (Dutch pronunciation: myˈzeʏm) (English: State Museum), a Dutch national museum in Amsterdam, Francisco de Goya at the Museo del Prado, the main Spanish national art museum, located in central Madrid.
The mainstay of his European training took place in Reichenau, near Vienna, where he attended seminars with the artist Ernst Fuchs, one of the founders and the most prominent member of the Vienna School of "Fantastic Realism." Malnvoitzer studied the art of the Flemish and Venetian masters under Fuchs. The renowned Viennese painter later wrote the following testament of his student’s talent before the opening of Malnovitzer’s first major exhibition:
Malnovitzer returned to Israel in 1978, during which time he painted works such as “Tvila at the Mikve.” Full of passion from his experiences with and exposure to European Masters of painting, he sold his house and car to support his full-time vocation as an artist. After formally establishing his art career, he left Israel once again to study and work in Paris (1979).
Art.
Style.
Malnovitzer’s style is an Expressionism inspired by the dark tonalities and fluid brushstrokes of Spanish romantic artist Francisco de Goya and by the monumental portraits of Rembrandt van Rijn. He is known for painting people up-close baring facial expressions that seem simple but convey a dramatic life narrative and depth of emotion.
Themes.
Ultra-orthodox Judaism (Hacidism).
Although Malnovitzer currently practices Modern Orthodox Judaism, a movement that attempts to synthesize religious values and the observance of Jewish law with the modern world, he continues to identify himself as a spiritual member of the Haredi community in which he was raised and educated. His spiritual ties to this community inspire scenes in his art of Hasidic figures “serving God through the worldly.” Malnovitzer abides by the Hasidic belief that the physical world is only an extension of the spiritual – accordingly, his paintings seek to bring out the presence of the spiritual through the material.
In “Cry” (1984), Malnvotizer painted a Hasidic Jew spreading his arms in alarm, his mouth ajar and his awestruck eyes in terror. The figure directs his agony skyward in a gesture that connects the material to the spiritual world of faith. His “Bull Dance” (1985) addresses this connection in the opposite way – by revealing the living presence of the divine with earthly, bestial, and corruptible mankind. In this painting, former Hasidic Jews perform the dance of the bull, a symbol of the material world and of the golden calf, synonymous with decadence, materialism, and idol worship in the Jewish tradition.
Holocaust and Exile.
Malnovitzer’s art is inseparable from the history of his family and people. His notion of peoplehood reflects the idea that Jews are family, distant cousins of common ancestors who have ties to their ancient, Biblical homeland and now the modern State of Israel
In “Refugees” (1987), Malnovitzer painted figures whose faces were undefined, but whose features, including head coverings, beads, and long clothing, made them readily identifiable as Jewish. Their dehumanized and indistinct faces convey the pain of repeated exiles throughout Jewish history. In this particular work, he alluded to a modern-day exile – a sequel to the Exodus from Egypt, the Babylonian exile, or expulsion from Spain - by portraying an uprooted Jewish settlement from hills of Samaria. It is the only painting ever produced on the subject.
The following year, Malnovitzer painted “Exodus” (2007), depicting the disengagement from the Gaza Strip, the unilateral evacuation of 21 civilian Jewish settlements. Although the work refers to a specific political event, he linked this modern day “exile” with ones that Jews have endured since Biblical times. This link is reinforced by the title – a direct reference to the Exodus from Egypt – and by his choice of portraying elderly figures, which make them more universal refugees, not exclusively those evicted from Gaza or Jews in general. They represent a condition of the loss of hope and of unanswered pleas from God.
Scenes from Daily Life.
The first painting that Malnovitzer sold in his exhibition in Japan was a portrait of a rabbi smoking a cigar. “At first, I didn’t understand why the Japanese man identified with the rabbi.” He proceeded to ask the patron what he saw in the face of the figure, and he replied, “there is something universal about the face, and about the human experience in general.”
Malnovitzer often paints scenes from daily life – both Jewish and gentile. The places and characters of his paintings seem ordinary – strangers at coffee shops, homeless men at soup kitchens, and drunks at bars. The expression on their faces, however, hold back extraordinary stories that are more than what meets the eye.

</doc>
<doc id="36529465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529465" title="Louisiana State Route 94">
Louisiana State Route 94

Louisiana State Route 94 (LA 94) was a state highway in Louisiana. It spanned , serving northeastern Louisiana, spanning from Lake Providence to the northern end of the lake. It connected LA 3 to LA 3-D.
Route description.
"From Lake Providence running east side of lake by Tyrore to connect with point No. 3 at head of lake." - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
LA 94 was a route that served communities on the eastern side of Lake Providence, and served no true use other than to connect communities to either end of LA 3. It started in Lake Providence, where it continued north from LA 3's sharp turn to the west. LA 94 followed the curvature of the lake, eventually ending at LA 3, which was later changed to LA 3-D.

</doc>
<doc id="36529474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529474" title="Heart Butte Dam">
Heart Butte Dam

Heart Butte Dam is a dam in Grant County of southwestern North Dakota.
The dam was a project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation completed in 1949, primarily for irrigation and flood control. The earthen dam is 142 feet in height and impounds the Heart River.
Lake Tschida is the reservoir created by the dam, with about 3400 acres of water surface, about 55 miles of shoreline, and with a capacity of over 214,000 acre-feet of water. The name Tschida comes from the first mayor of Glen Ullin, North Dakota, the Vienna-born Michael Tschida, Sr., elected in 1906 and a strong proponent of the dam project. The Heart Butte Reservoir State Game Management Area stands on the southern shore of the lake. As the only sizable body of water in the area, it's popular for recreational fishing, camping, boating, and other activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36529505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529505" title="Fulgencio Argüelles">
Fulgencio Argüelles

Fulgencio Argüelles (born January 6, 1955), is a Spanish writer and psychologist.
Life.
Born in 1955 in the Orillés neighborhood of Aller, Asturias, Argüelles studied psychology at the Comillas Pontifical University and the Complutense University of Madrid, specializing in sociology of work and organizations. After a long residence in Madrid, he returned in 1997 to Asturias to live in the village of Cenera (Mieres), where he had lived as a child. He now is now a Socialist representative on the city council ("ayuntamiento") of Mieres.
He wrote prize-winning short stories in both Spanish and Asturian before publishing his first novel. His novels include "Letanías de lluvia", winner of the Premio Azorín, 1992; "Los clamores de la tierra"; "Recuerdos de algún vivir", winner of the Premio Principado de Asturias, 2000, granted by the Fundación Dolores Medio; and "El Palacio de los ingenieros belgas", winner of the Premio Café Gijón 2003. He has also published two books of short stories, "Del color de la nada" and "Seronda", the latter written in Asturian and in collaboration with the Asturian painter J. Enrique Maojo.

</doc>
<doc id="36529527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529527" title="Solar power in Vermont">
Solar power in Vermont

Solar power in Vermont on rooftops can provide 18% of all electricity used in Vermont. A 2012 estimate suggests that a typical 5 kW system costing $25,000 before credits and utility savings will pay for itself in 10 years, and generate a profit of $34,956 over the rest of its 25 year life.
Net metering is available for up to at least 500 kW generation, but is capped at 4% of utilities peak demand. Excess generation is rolled over each month but is lost once each year. Group net metering is also allowed. Vermont is given an A for net metering and a C for interconnection. A feed-in tariff was created in 2009, but is limited to 50 MW and is fully subscribed. The cap increases by 5 to 10 MW/year starting in 2013 until it reaches 127.5 MW in 2022. It is available for solar, wind, methane, and biomass. Seven solar projects are receiving payments, of $0.30/kWh, for 25 years.
Vermont has five solar arrays of at least 1 MW, the 2.2 MW SunGen Sharon 1 in Sharon completed in July 2012, the 2.1 MW concentrating photovoltaics array installed in July 2011 in South Burlington, the 1.5 MW photovoltaic array also in South Burlington installed in October 2011, the 1 MW photovoltaic array in Ferrisburgh, and the 2 MW Williamstown Solar Project.

</doc>
<doc id="36529548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529548" title="N. Ahmed">
N. Ahmed

Nasir Ahmed (born 1940 in Bangalore, India) is a Professor Emeritus of Electrical and Computer and Engineering at University of New Mexico (UNM). He is best known for the development of the discrete cosine transform (DCT), which is a data compression transformation.
Fundamental contribution: Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT).
Ahmed was the leading author of the benchmark publication, "Discrete Cosine Transform" (with T. Natarajan and K. R. Rao), which has been cited as a fundamental development in many works since its publication. The basic research work and events that led to the development of the DCT were summarized in a later publication by N. Ahmed, "How I came up with the Discrete Cosine Transform".
The DCT is widely used for digital "image" compression. It is a core component of the 1992 JPEG image compression technology developed by the JPEG Experts Group ISO and IEC. A tutorial discussion of how it is used to achieve digital "video" compression in various international standards defined by ITU and MPEG (Moving Picture Experts Group) is available in a paper by K. R. Rao and J. J. Hwang which was published in 1996, and an overview was presented in two 2006 publications by Yao Wang. The image and video compression properties of the DCT resulted in its being an integral component of the following widely used international standard technologies:
The form of DCT used in signal compression applications is sometimes referred to as "DCT-2" in the context of a family of discrete cosine transforms, or as "DCT-II".
More recent standards have used integer-based transforms that have similar properties to the DCT but are explicitly based on integer processing rather than being defined by trigonometric functions. As a result of these transforms having similar symmetry properties to the DCT and being, to some degree, approximations of the DCT, they have sometimes been called "integer DCT" transforms. Such transforms are used for video compression in the following technologies pertaining to more recent standards:
The "integer DCT" design is conceptually similar to the conventional DCT; however, it is simplified and made to provide exactly specified decoding.
The DCT has been widely cited in patents that have been awarded since 1976, as evident from the following results corresponding to various search scenarios:
Books.
Have been translated into Russian, Chinese and Japanese:
It continues to be cited with respect to a broad spectrum of signal processing applications—see Google-Scholar citations
[http://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=fJ9_Og0AAAAJ&citation_for_view=fJ9_Og0AAAAJ:BwyfMAYsbu0C]
. Available in approximately 230 libraries. A softcover reprint of this first edition is now available—e.g., see Springer-Verlag, Amazon, Barnes and Noble and Alibris.

</doc>
<doc id="36529558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529558" title="John Dabiri">
John Dabiri

John Dabiri (born 1980) is an American biophysicist and professor of aeronautics and bioengineering at the California Institute of Technology. He is best known for his research of the hydrodynamics of jellyfish propulsion and the design of a vertical-axis wind farm adapted from schooling fish. He is the director of the Biological Propulsion Laboratory, which examines fluid transport with applications in aquatic locomotion, fluid dynamic energy conversion, and cardiac flows, as well as applying theoretical methods in fluid dynamics and concepts of optimal vortex formation.
In 2010, Dabiri was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship for his theoretical engineering work. He established the Caltech Field Laboratory for Optimized Wind Energy (FLOWE) in 2011, a wind farm which investigates the energy exchange in an array of vertical-axis wind turbines. His honors include a Young Investigator Award from the Office of Naval Research, a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), and being named as one of Popular Science magazine's ""Brilliant 10"" scientists in 2008. Bloomberg Businessweek magazine listed him among its 2012 Technology Innovators.
Early life and education.
Dabiri's parents are Nigerian immigrants, who settled in Toledo, Ohio, in 1975. Dabiri's father was a mechanical engineer who taught math at a community college. His mother, a computer scientist, raised three children and started a software development company. It was watching his father, who would occasionally do engineering work on the side, that encouraged Dabiri's love of engineering.
Educated at a small Baptist high school, where he graduated first in his class in 1997, Dabiri was accepted by Princeton, the only university he had applied to. He was primarily interested in rockets and jets, and spent two summers doing research that included work on helicopter design. The summer after his junior year, he accepted a Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) in Aeronautics at Caltech, rejecting an internship offer from Ford at the urging of a professor. The summer project on the vortices created by a swimming jellyfish enticed him to the growing field of biomechanics.
Dabiri returned to Caltech for graduate school after graduating Princeton with a B.S.E. "summa cum laude". He was a finalist for both the Rhodes Scholarship and the Marshall Scholarship. He has been awarded NSF research grants eight times in five different fields. He is currently a highly regarded professor at Caltech.
Research.
Jellyfish tend to be very efficient when they swim, which means that on a given amount of energy they can go further than many other animals can. As one of the simplest multicellular organisms, jellyfish (medusae) contract cells to generate jet forces. By mathematically analyzing the fluid vortex rings that form as a result of the contraction, Dabiri was able to model the formation of optimal vortex rings. Moreover, Dabiri and his colleagues experimentally confirmed that such propulsion becomes "a more efficient means of locomotion as animals grow larger", because the relative impact of viscosity on propulsion decreases with greater size. 
To further "in situ" digital particle image velocimetry measurements of propulsion in aquatic animals, Dabiri and his student K. Katija designed and patented a device which very accurately takes measurements that are computed into the kinetic energy due to swimming. Divers use a laser and optics system that illuminates the flow field. The technique allows for refinement and testing of previous models for vortex formation. The research has "profound implications not only for understanding the evolution and biophysics of locomotion in jellyfish and other aquatic animals, but also for a host of distantly related questions and applications in fluid dynamics, from blood flow in the human heart to the design of wind power generators."
The wind energy industry is scaling to larger and larger blades, which harvest more energy. However, Dabiri believes that problems associated with large turbines—design difficulties, building costs, increasing areal needs (turbines are sometimes erected a mile apart to ensure good wind flow), eyesore complaints and accidental bird/bat fatalities—can be avoided through innovation. His FLOWE center, with 24 close vertical axis turbines, is his step towards more economical harvesting of wind energy. Noting that there is constructive interference in the hydrodynamic wakes of schooling fish, Dabiri suggested that extracting energy from flow vortices could aid more than locomotion. His models of the energy extraction mechanism are applicable to the design and evaluation of unsteady aero- and hydrodynamic energy conversion systems, like wind farms. Design of an array of vertical axis turbines led to about an order of magnitude increase in power output per area. Dabiri partnered with Windspire Energy for use of three of 24 turbines that stand approximately 30 feet tall and 4 feet wide. He started a company, Scalable Wind Solutions, to commercialize the software used to optimally place the wind turbines. This has also led to the U.S. Navy funding development of an underwater craft that propels on these concepts, using up to 30% less energy than formerly.
Reverse engineering is Dabiri's newest research focus. In July 2012, a team composed of Caltech and Harvard students and professors published a paper that outlined a tissue engineering method for building a jellyfish out of rat heart muscle cells and a silicon polymer. On a basic level, the function of a jellyfish - using a muscle to pump a fluid - "is similar to that of a human heart, which makes the animal a good biological system to analyze for use in tissue engineering." The next step this research will take is towards a self-sustaining prototype - one that can gather food and activate muscular contractions internally.
Teaching.
Dabiri was offered a tenured position at Caltech at the age of 29. He gave the 2010 Convocation Address at Caltech. In 2014, he was appointed the undergraduate Dean at Caltech.
He was named Professor of the Month at Caltech in February 2012. At the research institute, he has taught several classes, including a graduate class on propulsion, a biomechanics course, a lab class on experimental methods in aeronautics and applied physics, and the introduction fluid mechanics course for which he was highly recommended by students. 
He has some interest in motivating kids considering STEM fields. As recounted in his NPR interview, 
Having two parents there who encouraged me and in some cases forced me to study and to really take academics seriously, was very important at an early stage. And then going through school, the role of my teachers was always so important. I remember my fourth grade teacher ... made me believe that I was smart and so I took that and sort of owned that and tried to live up to the expectations that she had placed on me, even as a fourth grader. And so we really want to grab hold of the imagination of the first graders and the second graders at a very early stage, and get them excited about becoming scientists, as excited as they are about becoming a fire fighter or the next rap star.
He is also involved in his church's mentoring program, The Faith Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36529572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529572" title="Urtica massaica">
Urtica massaica

Urtica massaica is a species of flowering plant in the Urticaceae (nettle family) known by many English names, including Maasai stinging nettle and forest nettle. It is native to Africa, where it can be found in Congo, Burundi, Rwanda, Kenya, Uganda, and Tanzania.
This plant is a rhizomatous perennial herb up to 2 meters tall. It is covered in stinging hairs. The heart-shaped leaves are up to 13 centimeters long by 10.5 wide and have serrated edges. The plant is dioecious. The flowers are borne in panicles.
This plant is used for food and medicine in several African nations. It is used in Rwanda to treat diarrhea. The Maasai use it to treat stomach ache. They are used in Kenya to treat malaria. Other medicinal uses include treatment of fractures and venereal diseases.
The plant is also used to repel rats and to keep cattle out of crops.
Gorillas eat the plant.

</doc>
<doc id="36529601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529601" title="Internet Movie Firearms Database">
Internet Movie Firearms Database

The Internet Movie Firearms Database (IMFDb) is an online database of firearms used or featured in movies, television shows, video games, and anime. A wiki running the MediaWiki software, it is similar in function to the (unaffiliated) Internet Movie Database for the entertainment industry. It includes articles relating to actors, and even some famous characters, such as James Bond, listing the particular firearms they have been associated with in their movies. Integrated into the website is an image hosting section similar to Wikimedia Commons that includes firearm photos, manufacturer logos, screenshots and related art. The site has been cited in magazines such as the NRA's "American Rifleman" and "True West Magazine" and magazine format television shows such as "Shooting USA" on the Outdoor Channel.
History.
Launched in May 2007 by "Bunni", The Internet Movie Firearm Database (IMFDb) was originally set up to help identify the use of firearms in Hollywood films. For the first few months of its existence, it listed only a dozen films including "The Matrix", "Platoon" and "Pulp Fiction". As the site grew, so did its content. In June 2007, the site began to list television shows as well as films. The site has since been expanded to include pages for video games and anime.
Today the data base has grown to list over 2,600 films, nearly 500 television shows, over 450 video games and close to 200 Anime series.
The site has been used as a reference source by the owners of several shooting ranges located in Las Vegas, Nevada. After hearing customers ask to rent certain types of firearms used in movies and video games, the owners of the range used IMFDb to research the weapons in question.
Structure and content.
The database is set up to help curious moviegoers find out what firearms are used in various films. The site features many images of actual weapons used in films. IMFDb is able to get these images because many of its largest contributors are weapons masters working in Hollywood.
Movies.
Movie articles on the site typically include a list of the firearms in chronological order of their appearance. As part of each entry there is a text description of the firearm. Text sections also describe its use and/or significance to the scene or movie if integral to the storyline and which characters used the firearm. The provenance of the firearm may also be described to include other movies that had similar firearms or this particular firearm. One example of this is the 1887 Winchester Lever Action Shotgun which was featured prominently in the 1991 movie (as can be seen in the movie's poster) and then made an appearance in the 1999 movie Wild Wild West.
Following the text are one or more stills showing the firearm in action /and/or which characters used it. The photos will often show original forms of the firearm along with variant versions.
Television shows.
Television show article are typically quite lengthy as the shows often had numerous episodes over several seasons such as Gunsmoke that ran for twenty years. These articles are generally organized in one of several ways. One is to list all of the firearms (alphabetically) used in the series and then credit in each description the episodes it appeared. Another is to list the firearms chronologically by episode or season if they appear in a consistent manner. Another is to group the firearms by type (i.e. pistols, rifles, sub-machine gun, etc.) then describe their story and character use and episode credits.
Video games.
Video game articles are much like the ones for movies and television shows with regard to the information included. There is no consistent format as they appear to follow the conventions used in the movie as well as the television show articles. Firearm provenances provided are for other games in a single series such as the James bond themed "007" or "Resident Evil" game series.
Anime.
Anime (Japanese animation) articles are formatted much like the other categories of articles, but present a unique circumstance in the identification of firearms used. Anime, unlike live action media, is drawn and as such may draw upon a variety of sources. Generally speaking any firearm, from any era, in any variant (actual or possible), with any accessory, capacity, or configuration is fair game for inclusion. This assumes that due sometimes to the crude or unrefined drawing style of the animators that identification of the firearms is possible.

</doc>
<doc id="36529606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529606" title="Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar">
Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar

The Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar was an American fifty-cent piece struck in 1925 at the Philadelphia Mint. Its main purpose was to raise money on behalf of the Stone Mountain Confederate Monumental Association for the Stone Mountain Memorial near Atlanta, Georgia. Designed by sculptor Gutzon Borglum, the coin features a depiction of Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson on the obverse and the caption: "Memorial to the Valor of the Soldier of the South" on the reverse. The piece was also originally intended to be in memory of the recently deceased president, Warren G. Harding, but no mention of him appears on the coin.
In the early 20th century, proposals were made to carve a large sculpture in memory of General Lee on Stone Mountain, a huge rock outcropping. The owners of Stone Mountain agreed to transfer title on condition the work was completed within 12 years. Borglum, who was, like others involved, a Ku Klux Klan member, was engaged to design the memorial, and proposed expanding it to include a colossal monument depicting Confederate warriors, with Lee, Jackson, and Confederate President Jefferson Davis leading them.
The work proved expensive, and the Association advocated the issuance of a commemorative half dollar as a fundraiser for the memorial. Congress approved it, though to appease Northerners, the coin was also made in honor of Harding, under whose administration work had commenced. Borglum designed the coin, which was repeatedly rejected by the Commission of Fine Arts. All reference to Harding was removed from the design by order of President Calvin Coolidge.
The Association sponsored extensive sales efforts for the coin throughout the South, though these were hurt by the firing of Borglum in 1925, which alienated many of his supporters, including the United Daughters of the Confederacy. A 1928 audit of the fundraising showed excessive expenses and misuse of money, and construction halted the same year; a scaled-down sculpture was eventually completed in 1970. Because of the large quantities issued—over a million remain extant—the Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar remains inexpensive compared with other U.S. commemoratives.
Background.
The first European-descended settlers inhabited the land around Stone Mountain, Georgia, today in the east Atlanta suburbs, around 1790. They called the large outcropping, about long and high, "Rock Mountain". Rev. Adrel Sherwood of Macon, Georgia, first named it Stone Mountain in 1825. The town of New Gibraltar was founded nearby in 1839; its name would be changed to Stone Mountain by the Georgia Legislature in 1947. From about the time of the American Civil War, the mountain was used as a quarry; this would not entirely cease until the 1970s.
John Gutzon de la mothe Borglum (usually called Gutzon Borglum) was born in Idaho Territory in 1867, to one of several wives of a Dane who had converted to Mormonism. As a boy, Borglum lived in various places in the Far West. Turning to art as a career, he attended the San Francisco Art Academy, the Académie Julian, and the École des Beaux-Arts. Greatly influenced by Rodin, whom he met, Borglum switched from painting to sculpture in 1901. His "Mares of Diomedes" won a gold medal at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis, and became the first work of sculpture to be purchased by the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Inception.
In 1914, editor John Temple Graves wrote in the "Atlanta Georgian", suggesting the establishment of a memorial to Confederate General Robert E. Lee on Stone Mountain, "from this godlike eminence let our Confederate hero calmly look history and the future in the face!" Others who called for the establishment of a Confederate memorial there included William H. Terrell, an Atlanta attorney who believed that while the North had spent millions of dollars on monuments to the Union, the South had not sufficiently honored Confederate heroes. Also active in the early days of the Stone Mountain proposal was Helen Plane (1829–1925), who had been a belle from Atlanta before the war, and whose husband had given his life at the Battle of Antietam in 1862. She devoted the remainder of her life to preserving the memory of the Southern cause.
The release of the film "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915 sparked increased interest in the Confederate cause in the South. Plane, who was lifetime honorary president of the Georgia organization of the United Daughters of the Confederacy (UDC), asked Borglum to carve the image of General Lee on the mountain. The Stone Mountain project was initially a UDC endeavor. Officials originally contemplated a monument of perhaps by . Putting that on Stone Mountain, Borglum supposedly stated, would be like putting a postage stamp on a barn. He proposed a much larger sculpture, high and long, and drew up plans in his Stamford, Connecticut, studio. He envisioned a huge depiction of the Confederate army, including artillery and infantry, as well as 65 Confederate generals, five to be nominated by the governor of each Southern state. In 1917, the Stone Mountain Confederate Monumental Association (the Association) was founded to publicize and raise funds for a colossal sculpture at Stone Mountain. Samuel H. Venable and his family, owners of the land, agreed to deed it over for a monument, on condition that if the project was not completed in 12 years, title would revert to them. A formal dedication took place in May 1916; the preliminary work was interrupted by the US entry into World War I in 1917.
Another organization which took an interest in the Stone Mountain work was the recently revived Ku Klux Klan, of which both Venable and Borglum were members. The Klan, through much of the 20th century, held regular encampments on or near Stone Mountain. Plane, in a 1915 letter to Borglum, stated that the original Klan had saved the South from "Negro domination" in the Reconstruction era, and suggested that the design include a small group of Klansmen in robes, seen in the distance, approaching.
Beginning in 1920, the project slowly came under the control of Atlanta businessmen, brought in to aid with the massive fundraising, and the UDC became marginalized. The work on the sculpture resumed on June 18, 1923, when Borglum began carving Lee's figure into the mountainside; he planned for General Stonewall Jackson and Confederate President Jefferson Davis to be close by Lee. Borglum's plans were for a huge sculpture depicting the Confederates, a memorial hall hewn from the granite at the base of the mountain in which artworks and artifacts could be displayed (as well as rolls of honor listing the contributors) and a giant amphitheater nearby. He estimated the total cost at $3.5 million. Instead, the scope of the project was scaled back, though different sources give varying cost estimates and dimensions. Borglum signed a contract to complete the group of Lee, Jackson, and Davis within three years for $250,000.
The work was expensive and by November 1923, the Association decided to advocate for a commemorative coin which it could buy from the government at face value and sell at a premium as a fundraiser. Two men each sought credit for coming up with the idea for a coin. Daniel W. Webb, executive secretary of the Association, said he had thought of it after finding an Alabama centennial half dollar at home; journalist Harry Stillwell Edwards made a similar claim and apparently collected a reward from the Association.
On November 16, 1923, Edwards wrote to Bascom Slemp, secretary to President Calvin Coolidge (the previous president, Warren G. Harding, had recently died). Edwards arranged a meeting between the President and himself, association president Hollins N. Randolph (an Atlanta lawyer and direct descendant of early president Thomas Jefferson), and Borglum. President Coolidge agreed to support authorizing legislation for a Stone Mountain coin.
Borglum later stated that the Association asked him to write to people in Washington because of his contacts in the Republican Coolidge administration. He wrote to the powerful Republican Massachusetts senator, Henry Cabot Lodge, urging him to support legislation for a Stone Mountain commemorative coin; the appeal apparently worked, as late in 1923 the committee chairmen having jurisdiction over coinage, Reed Smoot in the Senate and Louis Thomas McFadden in the House of Representatives, introduced legislation for a Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar. McFadden later wrote that he sponsored the legislation because of his friendship with Borglum. With the threat of sectional opposition if the coin only honored the South, the bill's sponsors included language making the new half dollar also in memory of the recently deceased Harding (an Ohioan), during whose presidency the renewed work had begun. The bill passed by unanimous consent in the House on March 6, 1924, and in the Senate five days later; Coolidge signed it on March 17. The bill authorizing the coin read:
Preparation and design.
Borglum was busy between the passage of the bill and the end of May 1924, first working on the Children's Founders Roll medal, and then the half dollar. The Children's Founders Roll was open to white children up to the age of 18 who contributed one dollar to the building of the monument. Borglum must still have been fine-tuning the monument's design; Jackson's posture on the medal differs from that on the coin. Unlike the issued coin, Borglum's models showed the front part of Davis's horse, although the Confederate president is unseen, and marching soldiers appear in the background. Borglum met with Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon who questioned first why "In God We Trust" appeared directly over Lee's head; Borglum responded that it was to pay tribute to the Confederates' faith. Mellon then asked what the thirteen stars on the obverse represented; Borglum replied that those on the north side of the Mason-Dixon Line could consider them to represent the thirteen original colonies (those south of it, the implication was, could consider them to be a tribute to the Southern states). Mellon laughed and gave preliminary approval. On July 2, Mellon showed the designs to President Coolidge; they were then sent to the Commission of Fine Arts for its members' opinions.
According to numismatists William D. Hyder and R.W. Colbert, "Borglum, to put it mildly, was a temperamental artist who managed to offend most everyone with whom he worked". They note that "Borglum's past insolence had not left him in the good graces of the art community" and his designs met a hostile reception at the commission. Sculptor member James Earle Fraser, designer of the Buffalo nickel, rejected Borglum's initial design on July 22, eight days after they were received. The inscription on the reverse included a tribute to Harding; Fraser deemed it inartistic. Borglum submitted a second set on August 14, this was again rejected; the commission criticized the design, which seemed to be only a segment of a larger one, rather than specifically designed to fit a half dollar. Borglum wanted to ignore what he deemed "damn fool suggestions", but the Association threatened to fire him if he did not complete the coin. Borglum was concerned the reverse was still too crowded, and proposed leaving off the eagle, but space was saved when Coolidge did not like the reference to Harding, and it was omitted. With the eagle still in place on the reverse, Fraser finally approved the designs on October 10, 1924. In all, Borglum made nine plaster models for the design.
Even though all necessary approvals had been received, the Philadelphia Mint refused to proceed with preparations because of the lack of the mention of Harding, which it believed was congressionally mandated. Borglum wired Coolidge on October 31, notifying him of the problem; the President confirmed his approval of the design the following day. Despite the support of the federal government for the coin, the Grand Army of the Republic (GAR), an organization of Union Civil War veterans, tried to prevent the issuance of a coin they believed honored treason by lobbying in late 1924 and early 1925. Work on the sculpture slowed (the head of Jackson was then being carved) because of the sculptor being distracted by designing the coin, flaws in the rock on Stone Mountain, and the fact that the Association had ceased fundraising efforts in anticipation of a campaign to sell the coin. Revenues from the medal were not sufficient to meet expenses.
The obverse of the half dollar depicts Confederate generals Lee and Jackson, the latter with head bare, mounted on horseback. Although both Lee and Jackson were respected in the North, Davis would not have been acceptable on a federal coin, and he was omitted, although he appears on the Children's Founders Roll medal which Borglum adapted for the obverse of the half dollar. There are thirteen stars in the upper field of the obverse; they represent the thirteen states which either joined the Confederacy or had Confederate factions. Borglum's initials, "GB", are found on the extreme right of the piece, near the horses' tails. The reverse depicts an eagle with wings stretched, representative of liberty, perched upon a mountaintop. There are 35 stars in the field, supposedly to represent the number of states at the start of the Civil War, although there were in fact 34 in 1861, and there were 35 states only from 1863 to 1864, between the admissions of West Virginia and Nevada.
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule, writing in 1971, noted that the half dollar represents an unusual circumstance in American art, where a designer uses a coin as a "bozzetto" or small-scale model of a work to be completed. Vermeule considered the children's medal a better work of art, due to the inclusion of Davis. He believed that Borglum's original design, before its rejection by the Commission of Fine Arts, was superior, as it included a sense of motion through the depiction of marching soldiers in the background, balanced by the inclusion of the head of Davis's horse, though the Confederate president himself is unseen. According to Vermeule, the original design "would have made a magnificent coin, an unusual compression of monumentality and power into a limited and unorthodox historical space".
Production and conflict.
The Medallic Art Company of New York converted Borglum's models to coinage dies. The first 1,000 Stone Mountain Memorial half dollars were struck on a medal press at the Philadelphia Mint on January 21, 1925, the 101st anniversary of General Jackson's birth; Borglum and officials of the Association were present. The first piece struck was mounted on a plate made of gold mined in Georgia for presentation to President Coolidge. The second was mounted on a silver plaque, and presented to Secretary Mellon. The remainder of the first thousand were placed in numbered envelopes; some were presented to officials or those involved in the Stone Mountain project. Between January and March 1925, that mint struck 2,310,000 of the authorized mintage of 5,000,000, plus 4,709 pieces reserved for inspection by the 1926 Assay Commission. Except for the first thousand, for which Randolph paid in gold, the pieces were sent to the Federal Reserve Bank in Atlanta, which advanced the funds to purchase them from the government.
Although the Association unveiled the completed head of Lee on January 19, 1924 (the general's birthday), within months, relations between itself and Borglum had become strained. Technical problems over the medal and the work on the mountain caused tensions, and political differences between Borglum, a Republican, and Randolph, an active Democrat, led to poor relations between the two. Borglum, Venable, and Randolph backed different KKK members for national leadership. Both Borglum and the Association accused each other of graft; the sculptor proposed that he form a syndicate to purchase the half dollars from the Mint and sell them with the profits to be applied directly to construction costs. Randolph ridiculed the suggestion, stating that it would allow Borglum to carve "whatever he pleased on the mountain". Borglum accused Randolph of using donations for his own benefit, and spending freely on an expense account. These dissensions became public, and in February 1925, the Association fired Borglum. Randolph stated, as one reason for dismissing the sculptor, that Borglum had taken seven months to design the coin, when, he said, any competent artist could have done it in three weeks. He accused Borglum of delaying so that the Association would be embarrassed. According to Freeman, "despite all the points of conflict between Borglum and the committee, it was actually the commemorative coin that ended his career at Stone Mountain."
Upon being dismissed, Borglum wrecked his models for the monument; the Association sought to have him jailed for destruction of property. Borglum was addressing the ladies of the Atlanta chapter of the UDC when his assistant, Jesse Tucker, burst in and hurried him out the door with a minimum of explanation, only moments before a sheriff's deputy arrived to serve the warrant. He left the state, but was arrested in Greensboro, North Carolina, though quickly allowed bail, and the Association abandoned extradition proceedings. Freed, the sculptor soon took up a project in South Dakota, Mount Rushmore. The publicity surrounding these events hurt the Association's fundraising, as did allegations that the Association had misused hundreds of thousands of dollars put aside for the project.
Marketing and distribution.
The Association hired Augustus H. Lukeman as replacement sculptor; all of Borglum's work was eventually blasted away. Despite the dispute with Borglum, the Association proceeded to market the half dollars; it hired New York publicist Harvey Hill to run the campaign. The Association hoped for the opportunity to present the first coin to President Coolidge in person as a means of overcoming the bad publicity; White House officials warily declined, writing that "no good purpose would be served by a formal presentation". The half dollars were officially released on July 3, 1925 (though some were displayed as early as May); they were sold at a price of one dollar. They were sent to 3,000 banks by the Federal Reserve, with the proceeds from sales credited to the Association. White Southerners applauded the piece as symbolizing sectional reconciliation, the federal government paying homage to its Confederate heritage.
The coins were to be distributed through banks, and the Federal Reserve System cooperated by moving coins as needed, though at the Association's expense. The Association set up local affiliates, with organizations throughout the South, as well as Oklahoma and the District of Columbia. Each state's governor served as nominal head of the organization within his jurisdiction; on July 20, 1925, at a meeting of the Conference of Southern Governors called for the purpose, they (or their representatives) resolved that the Association allocate sales quotas among the states on the "basis of white population and bank deposits". The pieces were to be sold at the price of one dollar, and local organizations were to generate promotions for selling them. The overall drive to sell half dollars was dubbed the "Harvest Campaign" and began with the governors' meeting in July 1925. Georgia Governor Clifford Walker told his colleagues that the "South would be eternally disgraced if it failed to accept the challenge" of meeting the sales goal of 2,500,000 coins; nevertheless, the governors devoted little time to the campaign.
Although volunteer enthusiasm was essential to the Association's plans in the Harvest Campaign, it did not rely on it at the higher levels; the state chairs were compensated, both by salary and commission. J.W. Gibbes, clerk of the South Carolina House of Representatives, was hired as that state's executive director; he undertook to sell 100,000 coins and received just under $3,500 in salary and commissions, all paid in 1926. Local volunteers organized Chamber of Commerce luncheons to sell coins throughout the South; chapters of the UDC purchased pieces to present to surviving Civil War veterans. Mrs. N. Burton Bass of Atlanta was reported to be the leading seller, once disposing of 233 coins in an afternoon. A series of dance balls honored the UDC members who sold large numbers of pieces. Nevertheless, Hyder and Colbert suggested that there was "a general lack of more ladies such as Mrs. Bass"; many municipalities had trouble finding local chairs. Outside the South, sales were promoted by three professional publicists hired by the Association. To keep public interest high, the Association released Lukeman's conceptions for Stone Mountain, which were on a smaller scale than Borglum's. Lukeman conceived a scaled-down concept, of the three Confederate leaders on horseback. Despite the campaign, sales were slower than expected. In late 1925, the Association offered Northern banks a commission of seven cents a coin; it is uncertain if any took up the offer. The continuing opposition of the GAR to the coins dampened sales in the North.
One means of fundraising that Harvest Campaign administrators decided on was to counterstamp some of the coins for sale at premium prices. The letters and numbers are believed to have been punched by the Association, as they are almost entirely uniform. Some were given a state abbreviation and a number, and were sent to be auctioned in various towns. Gibbes reported that the counterstamped pieces sent to South Carolina sold for an average of $23, ranging from $10 to $110, and recommended that the auctions be preceded with the account of the sale of one in Bradenton, Florida, for $1,300. Which town got which number was the luck of the draw. Others were marked with "U.D.C." and a state abbreviation, together with a number which probably represents a membership or chapter number. These were intended for presentation to members deserving of special honor, such as an outgoing president. They did not sell well, as the Association had alienated many UDC members over the firing of Borglum. The Association also announced a program for sale to the Sons of Confederate Veterans, although whether any coins were sold under this program is unclear, as none have been identified. Pieces marked "G.L." and "S.L." were puzzled over by collectors for many years; A. Steve Deitert in the January 2011 edition of "The Numismatist" identified the markings as "Gold Lavalier" and "Silver Lavalier". These coins were given to county winners and runners-up in a selling competition for young ladies.
The Association sold coins through other means. They asked companies to purchase them: the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad, the Southern Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, the Coca-Cola Company, and a number of banks, purchased thousands of pieces, many of which were given away as promotions. Those outside the South could obtain coins by orders passed through local banks.
The Association called an end to the Harvest Campaign as of March 31, 1926, most likely because the sales did not justify the continued salary expenses. Coins remaining at banks were to be sent to the Federal Reserve, and any credit balances remitted to the Association. Thereafter, coins were available either through the Association or the Federal Reserve at an increased price of $2. With a price increase and the end to the campaign, sales plummeted. Total sales from the Harvest Campaign were about 430,000 pieces. One exception to the drop in sales was a drive in New York under the sponsorship of Mayor Jimmy Walker, which succeeded in selling 250,000 coins in 1926, though at the original price of one dollar. Bernard Baruch, then a prominent investor and later a counselor of presidents, was honorary chairman of the organizing committee, and personally subscribed for some of the pieces.
Aftermath.
The Atlanta chapter of the UDC in 1927 published a brochure accusing the Association of wrongfully firing Borglum and wasting between a quarter and a half million dollars. An audit of the Association's books was performed in 1928; the examiners found its records in good order, excepting those regarding the Harvest Campaign, which were inadequate. The audit found that for every three dollars of revenue brought in from the half dollars, two were paid out in expenses, a ratio Hyder and Colbert called "incredible". Of the total sum raised by the Association, only 27 cents of each dollar went to the carving. Venable stated that the Stone Mountain monument had "developed into the most colossal failure in history".
The Association was discredited by the results of the audit; the Georgia Senate voted to accuse it of gross mismanagement of funds. Randolph resigned when Venable made it clear he would not negotiate an extension of the twelve-year deadline unless he did. The Atlanta lawyer had begun a political career; the scandal finished it. With funds drying up, the Association stopped work on Stone Mountain on May 31, 1928, and when negotiations failed, the Venable family successfully sued to regain the property. Borglum was now a folk hero in Atlanta; he was called upon to return to Stone Mountain in the early 1930s, but busy with Mount Rushmore, he did not. At the time of Borglum's death in 1941, no work was being done on Stone Mountain. The State of Georgia voted funds to purchase Stone Mountain in 1958 and five years later selected Walker Kirkland Hancock as architect. The sculpture, which depicts Lee, Jackson and Davis, and bears only a resemblance to Borglum's original design, was dedicated in 1970. At by , it is the largest relief sculpture in the world.
In 1930, Secretary Mellon reported that although no Stone Mountain Memorial half dollars were held by the Mint, it was his understanding that large quantities of the piece were in the possession of banks. Eventually, arrangements were made to return a million half dollars to the Mint for melting. In spite of this, the State of Georgia still had Stone Mountain half dollars for sale at its exhibit at the 1933 Century of Progress Exposition. Many more were dumped into circulation in the 1930s. A quantity of half dollars once owned by Baruch were sold for $3.25 each through a Georgia bank in the 1950s to finance a building in honor of Baruch's mother, a Southerner, in Richmond, Virginia. A total of 1,314,709 Stone Mountain Memorial half dollars were distributed, after deducting those pieces melted.
Due to the large quantities extant, Stone Mountain Memorial half dollars remain inexpensive in comparison with other commemoratives. The 2014 edition of "A Guide Book of United States Coins" lists the piece at $65 in Almost Uncirculated condition (AU-50) with pieces in near-pristine MS-66 at $335.
Notes and references.
References and bibliography.
Books
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="36529623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529623" title="Sandro Calvesi">
Sandro Calvesi

Alessandro "Sandro" Calvesi (Cigole, 5 September 1913 - Brescia 20 November 1980) was an Italian athletics coach.
Biography.
Married to 1936 and 1948 Olympian Gabre Gabric, among the people he coached was the Italian hurdler Eddy Ottoz, after became his son-in-law, married to his daughter Lyana Calvesi. Ottoz set the Italian national record in the 110 metres hurdles while winning the bronze medal at the 1968 Olympics and was the dominant European hurdler of the 1960s. The record lasted for almost 26 years until it was bested by Calvesi's grandson, Laurent Ottoz, Eddy's son. Another grandson Patrick Ottoz also became a top ranked hurdler.
He was also the first coach of French Olympic champion Guy Drut, winner at the subsequent 1972 Olympics..
He was also the founder of the athletic club, "Atletica Brescia". As part of the team, among the other people Calvesi coached was Armando Filiput, two time European champion in the 400 metres hurdles, 1948 Olympian Luigi Paterlini and of course his wife, who continues to compete in Masters athletics into her 90s. Daughter Lyana, who he also coached, currently leads Atletica Sandro Calvesi, another top Italian athletic club, which hosts the annual Meeting Sandro Calvesi.

</doc>
<doc id="36529686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529686" title="Waddell &amp; Harrington">
Waddell &amp; Harrington

Waddell & Harrington was an American engineering company that designed bridges from 1907 to 1915. It was formed in 1907 as a partnership of John Alexander Low Waddell (1854–1938) and John Lyle Harrington (1868–1942) and was based in Kansas City, Missouri, but had offices in Portland, Oregon, and Vancouver, British Columbia. The company designed more than 30 vertical-lift bridges for highways and railroads.
The firm also designed one or more non-lift bridges, including the iconic Colorado Street Bridge of Pasadena, California.
A number of its works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Bridges designed by the firm include the following, among others: 

</doc>
<doc id="36529689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529689" title="CSN 2012">
CSN 2012

CSN 2012 is the eighteenth album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released in 2012 on Atlantic Records, a concert document and the group's first release on their original label in 18 years.
The album derives from recordings done on the group's 2012 tour in both audio and video formats. The compact disc version is currently out of print.
Background.
After reuniting for a Bridge School Benefit in 2010, the surviving members of Buffalo Springfield played seven shows in 2011. In 2012, Stephen Stills, Richie Furay, and Neil Young planned a full-blown Buffalo Springfield tour. After venues had been secured and tour personnel hired, Young abruptly dropped out to join up with Crazy Horse for two albums and a tour instead, leaving Stills in the lurch just as had happened 36 years previously. Crosby & Nash stepped into the breach, canceling their plans for a duo tour to reunite with Stills for a Crosby, Stills and Nash tour in place of the Buffalo Springfield one.
Track listing.
"The DVD track list is in the same order as the compact disc version."

</doc>
<doc id="36529709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529709" title="Banning Unified School District">
Banning Unified School District

Banning Unified School District is located in the central part of Riverside County in California. The district services the city of Banning, California and the unincorporated area of Cabazon.
It is composed of one high school, one middle school, four elementary schools and one alternative education center. 

</doc>
<doc id="36529711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529711" title="Dudley Newcomb Carpenter">
Dudley Newcomb Carpenter

Dudley Newcomb Carpenter (June 28, 1874 – March 26, 1955) was a United States Navy officer and physician who participated in the Spanish-American War of 1898, and served through World War I and World War II. He established the first hospitals at Baguio, Philippines, Bas Obispo, Mexico and at Bremerton, Washington. He was also a writer.
Family.
Carpenter was fifth child and third son of Rear Admiral Charles Carroll Carpenter (1834–1899) and his wife Anna Brown (1842–19??). He was a descendant of the English immigrant William Carpenter who settled in Rehoboth, Massachusetts in 1644.
Carpenter was born in Kittery, Maine on June 28, 1874 and died in Bremerton, Washington on March 26, 1955. He was named after his paternal grandfather. He is buried in the United States Naval Academy Cemetery in Annapolis, Maryland.
School.
Carpenter attended Harvard University and Harvard Medical School graduating with a medical degree in 1896. Then Carpenter then volunteered joining the U.S. Navy as an assistant surgeon.
Career.
Carpenter was commissioned as a Lieutenant, JG and assigned to the USS "Raleigh", a United States Navy protected cruiser, as an assistant surgeon. 
The USS "Raleigh" had just finished an overhaul at Norfolk and on May 6, 1897, she steamed eastward. Carpenter with the ship reported for duty on the European Station at Smyrna (now Izmir) on the Aegean Sea on June 7, 1897. In July, Carpenter and the officers and men participated in a good-will tour of Moroccan ports. By August, they were off Italy, then returned to the western Mediterranean. During this time period Carpenter learned military deportment and social skills. Through December, the ship operated off the Levant and toward the end of the month transited the Suez Canal en route to the Asiatic Station. On 18 February 1898, she reached Hong Kong where she joined Commodore James Dewey's Asiatic squadron.
Spanish-American War.
On 26 April 1898, the US Congress declared war against Spain. On April 27 the squadron got underway for Manila. Three days later, they passed El Fraile Island and was fired on by an enemy battery. With and , she returned the fire, then moved toward Cavite to engage the Spanish fleet. Carpenter's battle station was amidships in the enlisted mess room. 
Carpenter's journal during this time period confuses some of the Spanish ships engaged and events. This indicates they were written soon after the battle. Carpenter wrote that the officers and crew saw the coming action as a "festive occasion, from their jokes and general good spirits." In a letter home to his mother, Carpenter reports he saw flashes of gunfire from Spanish guns and heard the "shrill, curdling whirr" of incoming shells. He also reported that his ship was lucky and injuries very minor during the action. Carpenter also says he rescued four firemen from heat exhaustion after they collapsed in the boiler room of the ship. 
On May 1, 1898 the American ships were steaming in column and the American squadron ran by the Spanish, firing at close range. Two hours later, five cross runs had been completed, and the Spanish fleet had been destroyed. Shore batteries became the targets. Just before noon on 1 May, USS "Raleigh" joined , "Boston", and in silencing the navy yard and arsenal batteries. On 2 May, she sent officers ashore, including Lt. Carpenter, to demand the surrender of Corregidor and, on the 3rd, sent men to disable the batteries there and destroy the munitions. In the late afternoon, shore parties were sent to Palo Caballo for the same purpose. The ship then took up picket and patrol duties, capturing the gunboat on the 12th.
In July, the USS "Raleigh" shifted from Manila Bay to Subic Bay. On the 7th, she shelled Spanish positions on Grande Island until they surrendered; she then sent garrison troops ashore. On the 10th, she returned to Manila, where she remained until after the Spanish surrendered the city in mid-August. Of the Spanish, Carpenter says they demonstrated admirable courage and possessed excellent weapons, but "they could not shoot straight" with them.
A special military decoration, the Battle of Manila Bay Medal (commonly called the Dewey Medal), was struck in honor of Dewey's victory at Manila Bay and awarded to every officer, Sailor and Marine present at the battle, including Dr. Carpenter. The medals were designed by Daniel Chester French and were produced by Tiffany's. Each medal was engraved with the recipient's ship, name and rank.
Carpenter was transferred to the USS "Olympia" by June 1, 1898 when a group picture is taken of him with Rear Admiral George Dewey and other officers on the flagship.
Carpenter was aboard the USS "Olympia" when she returned to the Chinese coast on 20 May 1899. She remained there until the following month, when she departed for the U.S., via the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean Sea. The ship arrived in Boston on 10 October. Following the return of "Olympia" to the U.S., her officers and crews were feted and she was herself repainted and adorned with a gilded bow ornament. On 9 November, "Olympia" was decommissioned and placed in reserve.
On April 17, 1900, Carpenter wed Miss Sylvia Caesar, grand-niece to Cornelius Vanderbilt at St. James' Episcopal Church in New York City. Carpenter was cited as: "One of the finest looking, most sociable and brightest officers of his grade in the Navy." 
Later career.
Carpenter decided to stay in the Navy after the war and was nominated and later confirmed after October 24, 1899 by President William McKinley during executive proceedings to the Senate.
In his Military Order of Foreign War notation, he is also listed as serving on the USS "Callao" probably as part of the prize crew on the former Spanish gunboat "Callao" in February 1899." 
During World War I, Carpenter was awarded the Navy Cross while in Ireland.
"The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Cross to Captain (MC) Dudley Newcomb Carpenter, United States Navy, for distinguished service in the line of his profession in establishing and maintaining Naval Base Hospital No. 4 at Queenstown, Ireland."
Action Date: World War I
Service: Navy
Rank: Captain
Division: Naval Base Hospital No. 4 (Queenstown, Ireland)
Carpenters later career is murky. What is known is documented via his journals and brief biographies. Dr. Carpenter helped establish the first hospitals at Baguio, Philippines and Bas Obispo, Mexico. He established a hospital out of a medical clinic at Bremerton, Washington. He served as the Reserve Fleet surgeon prior to and after World War I. He commanded the Division of Planning and Publication at the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery from 1923 to 1927. He also headed the medical department at the U. S. Naval Academy per the obit of his son, Donald.
Carpenter then retired from active service, but the exact date is not known. As is his activities there after. During World War II, he was recalled to duty and sat on the Medical Examining and Retiring Board until 1946.
Writings.
Carpenter apparently wrote pieces for the Naval Medical Bulletin. Two have been found entitled "Visit to the Chefoo, China, School for the Deaf," noted in the Association Review 9 (1907): 359-362; and "Gunshot Wounds as Seen in the Philippines," Medical News (6 August 1898): 174-176. Another is entitled: Duties of the Medical Department at "General Quarters."

</doc>
<doc id="36529720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529720" title="Pelton Dam">
Pelton Dam

Pelton Dam is a major dam on the Deschutes River in Jefferson County, Oregon, owned and operated as a hydroelectric facility by Portland General Electric, one element of its Pelton Round Butte Project on the Deschutes.
The concrete arch dam at Pelton dates from 1958, has a height of 204 feet from bedrock, a width of 965 feet at its crest, and generates 110 megawatts of electricity.
Upstream, to the south, Pelton Dam impounds the waters of the Deschutes to create the deep Lake Simtustus in a relatively narrow canyon about seven miles back to the 1964 Round Butte Dam. The lake has a surface area of about 540 acres and holds 33,190 acre-feet. The name "Simtustus" honors a native who scouted for the U.S. Army during the 1867-68 campaign against the Paiutes. 
Downstream, to the north, a regulating dam two and half miles controls the river flow. The area between is called the Pelton Regulating Reservoir. In 1982 the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs installed a hydroelectric turbine unit in the regulating dam for additional power. Between 2000 and 2005 the CTWS also asserted itself as a stakeholder in the project's re-licensing negotiations between Portland General Electric and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, winning key environmental, cultural, and water rights concessions.

</doc>
<doc id="36529752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529752" title="Beaumont Unified School District">
Beaumont Unified School District

Beaumont Unified School District is located in the central part of Riverside County in California. The district services the city of Beaumont, California and the unincorporated area of Cherry Valley.
Schools.
Elementary Schools
Middle & High Schools
Other Beaumont Sites
History.
Began as the San Gorgonio Unified School District, the Banning and Beaumont Unified School Districts came into existence in 2004 when the previous district split apart. 
references.
http://www.beaumont-ca.schoolloop.com/

</doc>
<doc id="36529773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529773" title="Luis Álvarez (archer)">
Luis Álvarez (archer)

Luis Antonio Álvarez Murillo, also known as El Abuelo (The Grandfather) (born April 13, 1991, in Mexicali, Mexico) is an athlete from Mexico, who competes in archery.
Álvarez was selected as a member of the Mexican male archery team to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics at London, after winning the 2012 Archery World Cup in Ogden, USA. This will be the first olympic games for the Mexican archer.

</doc>
<doc id="36529826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529826" title="Samsung Galaxy Note II">
Samsung Galaxy Note II

The Samsung Galaxy Note II is an Android phablet smartphone. Unveiled on August 29, 2012 and released in late-2012, the Galaxy Note II is a successor to the original Galaxy Note, incorporating improved stylus functionality, a larger screen, and an updated hardware design based on that of the Galaxy S III.
The Note II was released to positive critical reception for its improvements over the original Galaxy Note, and sold over 5 million units within only its first two months of availability. Samsung announced a successor to the Galaxy Note II, the Galaxy Note 3, on September 4, 2013.
History.
The Galaxy Note II was unveiled at IFA Berlin on August 29, 2012, and released in multiple markets at the beginning of October 2012. Samsung sold more than 3 million units within the first 37 days and it crossed 5 million in two months of its release.
Software versions.
In December 2012, Samsung began rolling out an update to Android 4.1.2 "Jelly Bean" for the device.
In April 2014, Samsung began rolling out an update to Android 4.4.2 "KitKat" for the device.
Specifications.
The Galaxy Note II features a 5.5-inch HD Super AMOLED S-Stripe RGB (3 subpixels/pixel) (non-PenTile) screen with 1280×720 resolution, a 1.6 GHz quad-core Exynos CPU, 2 GB RAM, an 8 MP rear camera and 1.9 MP front camera, and a 3,100 mAh battery. It is slightly thinner than its predecessor at , albeit also being slightly heavier by . Depending on the specific model, the phone features HSPA+ 21 Mbit/s along with 4G LTE(42.2 Mbit/s DC-HSPA+ for LTE Version). The Galaxy Note II is equipped with Broadcom BCM4334 chipset for the IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi connectivity in 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz dual-band with maximum rate up to 150 Mbit/s, FM radio tuner and Bluetooth 4.0 + HS support.
The Galaxy Note II will supposedly be available in 16 GB, 32 GB and 64 GB storage capacity variants, each expandable by up to an additional 64 GB with a microSD card. However, as of 8 January 2013, only the 16 GB and 32 GB versions are available and there has been no release date for or any indication of a 64 GB version of the Note II to be offered.
S Pen.
The smartphone's pressure-sensitive S Pen is slightly thicker than in the original Galaxy Note, and a feature marketed as "Air View" allows a user to preview content by hovering the pen over the content, similar to the hoverbox feature of a mouse in some desktop computers. Another feature marketed as "Quick Command" reveals a list of available commands at the swipe of the S Pen. The S Pen's 1,024 levels of pen-pressure sensitivity give it significantly more accuracy and precision than the original Note's 256.
Variants.
The Galaxy Note II is available in Titanium Grey, Marble White, Martian Pink, Amber Brown and Ruby Wine case colors. Other features, which vary as customized by carrier, include FM/TV tuner, charging pins, and Single-SIM card support. To prevent grey market reselling, models of the Galaxy Note II, and other models (Galaxy S4, Galaxy S4 mini, Galaxy Note III and Galaxy S III) manufactured after July 2013 implement a regional lockout system in certain regions; requiring that the first SIM card used on a European and North American model be from a carrier in that region. Samsung stated that the lock would be removed once a valid SIM card is used.
Communication processor.
The baseband chipset of GT-N7100 is Intel Wireless PMB9811X Gold Baseband processor. 
The baseband chipset of SGH-T889, SHV-E250K, and SHV-E250S is Qualcomm Gobi MDM9215. SHV-E250L has Qualcomm Gobi MDM9615M for the EVDO revision B connectivity.
Network connectivity.
Most of the variants support GSM/GPRS/EDGE in the 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1.9 GHz, and 2.1 GHz bands; and UMTS/HSPA+21 in 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1.9 GHz, and 2.1 GHz.
AWS phones.
SGH-T889 and SGH-T889V are devices that support AWS for HSPA networks capable of transferring data over Advanced Wireless Services band in HSPA mode on carriers such as T-Mobile USA, WIND Mobile Canada, Mobilicity, and Vidéotron.
CDMA/EV-DO phones.
SCH-R950, SHV-E250L, SCH-i605, and SCH-N719 are to connect to cdmaOne, CDMA 1xRTT, and EV-DO rev 0/A/B. these variants except SCH-I605, can connect to the GSM network as well.
TD-SCDMA phone.
GT-N7108 is to support TD-SCDMA networks in the 1.9 GHz and 2.0 GHz bands, and connect to the GSM/GPRS/EDGE 1.9 GHz band.
Dual-cell HSPA phone.
SGH-T889 is known to support dual-cell HSPA+ up to 42.2 Mbit/s.
FM radio, digital TV tuner.
Only some Galaxy Note II variants have a built-in FM radio tuner. For example, some US and Canadian variants (SGH-i317, SGH-i317M) and the LTE International version (N7105) lack the FM radio tuner support. SC-02E for Japan market has 1seg digital-TV tuner and antenna. Korean variants have the T-DMB tuner as well as the T-DMB antenna that can be concealed in the phone body.
Dimension and weight.
Korean variants with the T-DMB tuner and the T-DMB antenna are heavier than other variants. SC-02E for NTT DoCoMo with 1seg TV tuner is heavier and thicker.
Wireless charging.
Depending on the model, some Galaxy Note II (GT-N7100) units have the two optional charging pins on the back side of the device, just right of the battery holder, that can be used for wireless charging with the modified back cover. Galaxy Note II displays the notification message built in the firmware when it is charged wirelessly. SCH-L900 does not have the pins. SGH-T889 has the pins, but they are disabled.
Release and reception.
Commercial reception.
The Note II launched on September 26, 2012, in South Korea on three carriers and it is expected to ultimately arrive on 2760 carriers in 128 countries. It is now widely available in the market after its official launch on September 27, 2012, in Hyderabad, India. The Note II was officially launched in the UK on September 30, 2012, available to purchase exclusively from the Samsung flagship stores in Stratford and White City. It was then released to all major stores in the UK on October 1 on ThreeUK, Vodafone and O2 and at retailers such as Carphone Warehouse and Phones4U. It was made available for pre-order in Indonesia on September 29, 2012, on Erafone, Telkomsel, and Indosat. 
Samsung's mobile chief Shin Jong-kyun expects to sell 3 million Galaxy Note IIs during the first three months of availability. Samsung announced that 8.5 million Galaxy Note II devices have been sold worldwide, based on supply as of November 25, 2012. By September 2013, approximately 30 million units had been sold.
Critical reception.
In September 2012, PhoneArena.com said the device uses "the best phone screen Samsung has ever produced", noting the phone offers improved S Pen performance.
Stuff awarded the smartphone 5/5 stars and ranked it number 1 in its "Top 10 Smartphones" section.
The Verge awarded the smartphone an 8.5/10 rating and stated that "the Note II is an unambiguous upgrade over its predecessor and can even challenge the Galaxy S III for the title of best Android device". They praised the device's performance and its improved handwriting recognition while criticizing the dearth of S Pen apps.

</doc>
<doc id="36529847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529847" title="Minjee Lee">
Minjee Lee

Minjee Lee (born 27 May 1996) is an Australian amateur golfer from Perth. She became the number one ranked amateur golfer on 26 February 2014 after winning the Oates Victorian Open on the ALPG Tour.
Lee won the 2012 U.S. Girls' Junior. She won the Australian Women's Amateur in 2013 and successfully defended the title in 2014.
Lee is a member of the 2013 Golf Australia National Squad.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="36529848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529848" title="Hall of Fame (song)">
Hall of Fame (song)

"Hall of Fame" is a song by Irish pop rock band The Script. It is the lead single from their third studio album "#3". The track features The Black Eyed Peas hip-hop artist will.i.am. The track was given its first radio play on Capital on 23 July 2012. Written and co-produced by the band, the song is about following on your dreams and making an impact on the world. The song was used to advertise the return of serial dramas "All My Children" and "One Life to Live". The song was covered on the "Glee" episode "All or Nothing". "" used it as the theme song in the opening credits. The song was also published in the ads section for NBC'S Primetime drama, Chicago fire. The song has also been used as the theme song for "TNA Wrestling" and "WWE's" Hall of Fame ceremonies.
Background.
The Script frontman Danny O'Donoghue first met will.i.am while they were both judges for "The Voice UK". O'Donoghue told: "I played Will a few demos backstage early on in "The Voice". We got to Hall Of Fame and he immediately asked if he could have it for his new album, as it was exactly what he was looking for. I wasn’t having it, it was our lead single but I asked if he’d be on it. He agreed and we booked in time to record it. The problem is, he’s either late or completely flakes, so it took four attempts to get to record his part. Eventually we put it together in his hotel room in 15 minutes. It’s a classic duet, I do one line and he responds." He added: "we went to the recording studio and an hour and a half later we had the song in its entirety. I thought he was going to produce it but he just gave it to me and Mark (Sheehan) and said 'you guys go and produce it'." On the lyrics, O'Donoghue commented: "We wanted to inspire people to stop trying to be famous for the sake of it."
Music video.
The music video of "Hall of Fame" was produced under Sony Music Entertainment UK Limited. A lyric video for the track was released on 24 July 2012. The music video was released on 19 August through the band’s official site. The accompanying music video sees the stars performing the track in a deserted warehouse, while other scenes feature an aspiring boxer and deaf ballet dancer in training.
Origins and recording.
This song began to take its shape when the lead singer Danny met with Will.i.am in The Voice UK. Hall of Fame was written in a day. Danny talks about how the band and Will.i.am eventually came to make this song saying "We were trying to play it super cool - us with will.i.am! We heard him singing some of our lines, but we still didn't know what he was going to do. We were worried he might take some of our original song out. But he just sang our words."
Lyrics and interpretation.
The lyrics of "Hall of Fame" has a story in it which focuses on never giving up on your dreams. This lyrics was written by the lead singer Danny as reported in The Guardian "O'Donoghue's real metier is lyrics: he's a striking and emotional storyteller". The lyrics is very uplifting as mentioned in the Billboard "'Fame' is a swelling, piano-driven number with an uplifting, earworm of a chorus that soars, 'Standing in the hall of fame / And the world's gonna know your name / Cause you burn with the brightest flame.'" However, one thing the lyrics lacks it that it doesn't give an in depth explanation of how to achieve what we're thriving for. The lead singer, Danny explains that this song was about the band as he tells "the title is mostly about us. As any geek fan of the band could tell you, we're all extremely different people, but magic happens when you mix us together. Well, magic or a car crash, which is how we describe the songs we scrap." This lyrics interprets that we could overcome difficult moments, all we got to do is to dedicate in what we're doing as the lyrics indicates "You can move a mountain, you can break rocks, you could be the master, don't wait for luck, dedicate yourself and you'll go find yourself standing in the hall of fame". As one of the student said "It makes me feel like I can do anything and that as long as I try hard I will be remembered."
Chart performance.
"Hall of Fame" debuted on the Irish Singles Chart at number one. The song stayed at number 1 in Ireland for 4 weeks. This marks the band's second number-one single and fifth top-ten hit in Ireland. The single debuted at number two on the UK Singles Chart, losing the top spot to Ne-Yo's "Let Me Love You (Until You Learn to Love Yourself)", before reaching number 1 a week later, marking The Script's first UK number-one single. It spent a second week at number one in the UK, blocking Example's "Say Nothing" and PSY's "Gangnam Style" from reaching the top spot. It has sold 529,000 copies in 2012, the 21st best-selling single of the year in the UK. In Australia, "Hall of Fame" peaked at number 4 on the ARIA Singles Chart, becoming their second top five hit there. The song was certified 3x Platinum in Australia. It also peaked at number 25 in the United States and was certified platinum there, and peaked at the same position in Canada. It has sold over 2 million copies in the US as of July 2013. It became their highest charting single in New Zealand, peaking at number 3 on RIANZ chart. It is the band's highest charting song worldwide.This song was voted as one of the top 11 Irish songs.
Charts and certifications.
All-time charts.
!Chart
!Position

</doc>
<doc id="36529864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529864" title="Luz Acosta">
Luz Acosta

Luz Mercedes Acosta Valdez (born December 22, 1980 in Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico) is a weightlifter who competes for Mexico.
She made her olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she finished in 8th place. Later on she participated at the 2011 Pan American Games at Guadalajara, Mexico, where she won the bronze medal.
In 2012 she qualified to participate at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games, her second Olympic Games. She participated in the 63 kg category, finishing in 6th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36529913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529913" title="Lamberto Boranga">
Lamberto Boranga

Lamberto Boranga (born 30 October 1942 in Foligno) is an Italian high, long and triple jumper (masters athletics), and football goalkeeper.
Biography.
He has 112 appearances in Italian Serie A (Association football first division) with ACF Fiorentina (6 in season 1966–67), Brescia Calcio (in season 1969–70) and A.C. Cesena (92 in four seasons from 1973 to 1977). He currently plays football in the lower divisions; according to his contract with Papiano, he will play up to 2015, when he will be 73 years old.
In 2012 sets the world record master in triple jump, with the measure of 10.75, in the M70 category, he is also the holder of the world record M65 in the long jump (5.47 m).
Achievements.
He won ten medals in eleven events at the Internetional Championships (World and European).

</doc>
<doc id="36529951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529951" title="Mohammad Reza Khorsandnia">
Mohammad Reza Khorsandnia

Reza Khorsandnia is an Iranian professional footballer. He currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran Pro League.
Career.
Khorsandnia started his career at Aboomoslem in 2005. After the club's relegation to the Azadegan League, Khorsandnia transferred to Paykan. In 2012, Khorsandnia was acquired by newly promoted team Gahar Zagros He signed with Esteghlal in the summer of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36529953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529953" title="OpenQRM">
OpenQRM

openQRM is a free and open-source cloud computing management platform for managing heterogeneous data center infrastructures. The openQRM platform manages a data center's infrastructure to build private, public and hybrid IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) clouds. openQRM orchestrates a multiplicity of storage, network, virtualization, monitoring, and security implementaions technologies to deploy multi-tier services (e.g. compute clusters) as virtual machines on distributed infrastructures, combining both data center resources and remote cloud resources, according to allocation policies. According to the European Commission's report about the future of cloud computing from a group of experts:
The openQRM platform emphasizes a separation of hardware (physical servers and virtual machines) from software (operating system server-images). Hardware is treated agnostically as a computing resource which should be replaceable without the need to reconfigure the software.
Supported virtualization solutions include KVM, Linux-VServer, OpenVZ, VMware ESX and Xen. Virtual machines of these types are managed transparently via openQRM. 
P2V (physical to virtual), V2P (virtual to physical), and V2V (virtual to virtual) migration are possible as well as transitioning from one virtualization technology to another with the same VM
openQRM is sponsored by openQRM Enterprise.
History.
openQRM was initially released by the Qlusters company and went open-source in 2004. Qlusters ceased operations, while openQRM was left in the hands of the openQRM community. In November 2008, the openQRM community released version 4.0 which included a complete port of the platform from Java to PHP/C/Perl/Shell.

</doc>
<doc id="36529955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529955" title="Day of Victory in the Great Fatherland Liberation War">
Day of Victory in the Great Fatherland Liberation War

The Day of Victory in the Great Fatherland Liberation War is a national holiday in North Korea celebrated on July 27 to mark the end of the Korean War that took place between 1950-1953. On this day ceremonies are held, among rest, at the Victorious Fatherland Liberation War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="36529959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529959" title="Waddell &quot;A&quot; Truss Bridge">
Waddell &quot;A&quot; Truss Bridge

The Waddell "A" Truss Bridge in Parkville, Missouri, also known as Linn Branch Creek Bridge, was built in 1898. It was designed by engineer John Alexander Low Waddell and is the subject of a U.S. patent, .
Waddell went on to become a distinguished engineer of many lift-type bridges (which this is not).
The Waddell "A" Truss Bridge spanned the Linn Branch Creek, in Missouri, but was removed for the construction of Smithville Lake.
The bridge served rail traffic until 1939, and then road traffic for Missouri Hwy 4 from 1953-1980. It was dismantled in 1981 and moved to its current location at English Landing Park in Parkville, MO, in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36529963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529963" title="Ramnagar, Diglipur">
Ramnagar, Diglipur

Ramnagar (or Ram Nagar) is a village in the southeastern part of North Andaman Island. It belongs to the Diglipur county, Andaman and Nicobar territory of India. It has a population of about 1400 people.
The village lies about 18 km south of Diglipur and 7.5 km south of Saddle Peak, the highest point of North Andaman. It is a major tourist destination in North Andaman, for being next to Taralait Bay and the Ram Nagar Beach, and the nearest village to Chalis Ek and Alfred caves.

</doc>
<doc id="36529968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529968" title="Daniel Donche, Jr.">
Daniel Donche, Jr.

Daniel Donche, Jr. (born October 25, 1979) is an American author, screenwriter, actor and artist. He currently works under the pseudonym Janden Daniel Hale. As a published writer he is responsible for two novels, numerous short stories, and a post-apocalyptic series called "Everwind". He was also one of the cofounders of Manarchy Magazine. 
Donche is also heavily involved in the tarot community, known mostly for his award-nominated Inappropriate Tarot Readings, a collection of satirical tarot posts that appear throughout several social media outlets. Because of the success of Inappropriate Tarot on Facebook, he designed and produced all the art for the Darkana Tarot deck, which won two awards.
Life.
Daniel Donche, Jr. was born in Columbia, South Carolina. He graduated from Natrona County High School in Casper, Wyoming in 1998. He joined the US Air Force in 2002, where he became a member of the Tactical Air Control Party.

</doc>
<doc id="36529989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36529989" title="Battle of La Chincúa">
Battle of La Chincúa

The Battle of La Chincúa was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred from 19 April through 28 May 1813 at a ranch at Tonalá, Chiapas. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, commanded by General Miguel Dambrini, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire, commanded by Mariano Matamoros y Guridi. The battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican rebels.
Context.
Matamoros had fewer than 1,000 soldiers with which to confront the royalist forces under Miguel Dambrini. Dambrini, knowing of the insurgent offensive began a retreat towards Guatemala. When the two armies finally met 6 kilometers from Tonalá, Chiapas, the first skirmishes took place resulting favorably for the rebel forces.
The Battle.
After this retreat, the royalist forces were pursued by the rebel cavalry where after they were obliged to take refuge at a ranch at Tonalá. When Matamoros arrived, Dambrini was obliged to capitulate, surrendering all his arms, munitions and provisions. The Spanish prisoners were all executed in the Paredón Bay. During the battle, Matamoros was wounded in the leg and was thereafter forced to stay for a time at the ranch. Soon after this victory, he was promoted to Teniente General. 

</doc>
<doc id="36530002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530002" title="Rinzen">
Rinzen

Rinzen is an sculpture by Antoni Tàpies conserved at MACBA, the Contemporary Art Museum of Barcelona.
Description.
Rinzen is a masterpiece of the Catalan artist Antoni Tàpies, part of the permanent collection of the MACBA, since when joined the museum's collection thanks to a donation from Repsol to the MACBA Foundation.
It was designed for the Spanish Pavilion at the XLV Venice Biennale of 1993 and won the Golden Lion for this event. Six years later, in 1998, Tàpies installed the work permanently in the MACBA. 

</doc>
<doc id="36530028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530028" title="Jennifer Kanis">
Jennifer Kanis

Jennifer Kanis (born 16 April 1970) is an Australian politician. She is an Australian Labor Party member for Melbourne in the Victorian Legislative Assembly.
Kanis was born in Melbourne to migrant parents—a Greek father and Italian mother. She studied an Arts degree at the University of Melbourne, and also gained postgraduate qualifications in education. She worked as an English and literature teacher, and then enrolled to study industrial law at La Trobe University. After graduation, she took a job with Holding Redlich—the law firm founded by former Victorian Labor leader Clyde Holding—and became a senior associate of the firm. In 2008, she was elected as a member of the Melbourne City Council.
In 2012, Kanis was preselected as the Labor candidate for the Melbourne by-election triggered by the resignation of Bronwyn Pike. Kanis retained the seat for Labor on a 51.5 per cent (–4.7) two-candidate-preferred vote against Australian Greens candidate and fellow Melbourne City councillor Cathy Oke.

</doc>
<doc id="36530072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530072" title="Juan Carlos Lescano">
Juan Carlos Lescano

Juan Carlos Lescano (born 18 December 1991 in Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Central Córdoba on loan from River Plate.
Career.
Born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Lescano started his career in the youth system of Central Córdoba in neighbouring Rosario, going on to appear more than 62 times for the club.
In July 2012, River Plate bought Lescano from Central Córdoba for $400,000.
In 2013 Juan Carlos will be playing for Everton FC in Vina del Mar Chile .

</doc>
<doc id="36530108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530108" title="Sebastine Ikahihifo">
Sebastine Ikahihifo

Sebastine Ikahihifo is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays professionally for the New Zealand Warriors.
Playing career.
A Mangere East Hawks junior, Ikahihifo signed for the New Zealand Warriors in 2010 and played 36 games in the Toyota Cup, being part of the 2010 and 2011 Grand Final victories.
In 2012 Ikahihifo played for the Auckland Vulcans. In Round 21 2012 Ikahihifo made his first grade debut for the New Zealand Warriors in a 24-22 losing side against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in Perth on the 28 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36530118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530118" title="Alfredo L. Escalera">
Alfredo L. Escalera

Alfredo L. Escalera (born February 17, 1995) also known as Alfredo Escalera and Alfredo Escalera-Maldonado is an Puerto Rican baseball outfielder for the Kansas City Royals. The Royals drafted Escalera out of high school in 2012 making him the youngest player to be drafted since the inception of the First-Year Players Draft in 1965. Escalera was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico where his baseball abilities were noted at an early age, and later moved to Bradenton, Florida to enhance his training. Escalera debuted in his first professional game with the Arizona League Royals only two weeks after signing his multiannual contract.
Early life.
Escalera was born in the Santurce section of the Puerto Rico Capital City, San Juan. When he was four years old, Escalera started playing baseball. In 2008 his parents moved to Florida to provide him with better development opportunities. His father, Alfredo L. Escalera, MD, an internal medicine physician, met his mother, Nancy, a New York nurse of Hispanic descent while undergoing his medical training in the Long Island College Hospital. The Escaleras moved to Puerto Rico where they established their residence as well as a considerable healthcare practice which included a medical group practice, a nursing home and a healthcare consulting firm. Escalera's younger sister Gabriela has become one of her brother's closest advisors and is closely involved in his professional career.
The Escalera family has a strong baseball tradition. Escalera’s uncle Nino Escalera played for the Cincinnati Reds and his cousin Ruben Escalera for the Milwaukee Brewers. Both worked as scouts and professional team managers in their post-playing careers. 
Escalera was exposed to baseball at the age of four when he joined the Encantada Baseball Club in Trujillo Alto, Puerto Rico. He later transferred to the Roosevelt Baseball Club in search of a more instructional environment. Between the ages 9 and 12, Escalera participated in the internationally regarded IMG Academy Baseball Camp in Bradenton, Florida. IMG's Program Director, Ken Bolek, later invited Escalera to join IMG as a full-time student-athlete. Escalera joined the IMG Academy in 2008.
High school.
During Escalera's high school career he participated in over two hundred IMG scrimmage and spring games as well as several workouts, showcases, and tournaments across the United States and Puerto Rico. Escalera mainly played for the IMG Royals but during the summer he joined the Puerto Rico Rookie Palomino Team (2010) and the Miami Bombers (2011). 
At IMG, Escalera was honored with the 2011 IMG’s Batting Champion Award after accumulating 25 RBIs in 19 games with a batting average of .500. During his senior year, Escalera maintained a batting average of .377 with a flawless defense in a 25 game season. Escalera also had three walk off hits during his senior year ending the games in victory for his team, two of them while playing in the Sarasota Classic (Elite Division) and a walk off home run in the championship game.
Escalera's baseball talents drew a significant attention form several NCAA Division 1 colleges. While still in his junior year, Escalera verbally committed to attend Florida State University (FSU). Just prior to the National Letter of Intent signing day, Escalera, determined not to join the FSU Seminoles and instead signed a Letter of Intent to attend Stetson University’s business school where he was expected to be the starting centerfielder for the Stetson’s Hatters Baseball Team. Escalera's signing was met with enthusiasm by the Hatters team. ""Alfredo is an extremely athletic student-athlete and has the ability to play any outfield or infield position. He has game-changing speed and a very good bat that projects to have some power at the Division I level. We are very excited to have Alfredo becoming a Hatter as he rounds out this already impressive class."” stated Stetson's Baseball Head Coach Pete Dunn.
Professional career.
The IMG Academy experience propelled Escalera's early talent into a solid professional skills player with good knowledge of the game. According to the former MLB Coach and IMG Director, Ken Bolek, Escalera had a high degree of overall athleticism, with above-average speed, arm strength, and bat speed, as well as very good overall action. Escalera also runs the 60 yard dash in 6.2 seconds making him a valuable base runner. Escalera's skills were nationally ranked and evaluated by Perfect Game, Baseball Factory and Prospect Wire; he was considered to be one of the most consistent and reliable baseball players of the 2012 rookie crop. 
Offensively, Escalera can produce real power out of his thin frame. However, in addition to his offensive skills - bat speed, quick hands, low-tension swing - the general consensus is that on defense Escalera has a smooth easy action to the ball, remarkably quick feet and soft hands. His solid arm strength (91 MPH) supports his fielding skills. Perfect Game Scouting Report described Escalera as having a very smooth action, lots of arm strength, on line accurate throws, sound fundamentals and long infield actions that may lead to the third baseman position in the future but he has the tools to play any of the outfield positions. 
During his high school senior year Escalera was scouted by eighteen Major League Baseball (MLB) organizations. He caught the attention of the professional southeast scouting staff who were regulars in Escalera's high school baseball games and workouts. ""Escalera is one of the most interesting prospects to watch leading up to the draft"" stated the sports expert Mack Ade. 
Kansas City Royals scout Alex Mesa, comprehensively evaluated Escalera’s performance prior to the 2012 draft and developed a close relation with Escalera and his family. Mesa lobbied the Royals’ management team and later got support from Paul Gibson and Lonnie Goldberg, National Cross-Checker and Director of Scouting respectively. The Royals consistent draft philosophy has been to get the best talent available on the board. Mesa successfully argued that Escalera’s ability and work ethic fit that philosophy perfectly.
On draft day, Escalera was selected as the Kansas City Royals 8th pick, becoming the youngest player to be drafted since the inception of the draft in 1965. After negotiating the terms of his contract and signing an agreement, Escalera was sent to the AZL Royals in Surprise, Arizona.
After a month with the AZL Royals Escalera was able to adjust and contribute to his team's success. Escalera's participation in the AZL League has generated enthusiastic responses from his teammates, fans and coaches. ""Combine Escalera's youth, glimpse of hitting talent, arm and speed and the Royals could have a true diamond in the rough"" stated sports analyst Zach Mortimer.
Escalera was assigned by the Kansas City Royals to join the affiliate Burlington Royals in North Carolina during the 2013 baseball season after having a strong spring training showing. During the season, Escalera endured some minor challenges including a left thigh muscle strain. Despite this, Escalera ended his 2013 season as the Burlington Royals Team's leader in hits, doubles and batting average among the final roster's player with more than 150 season’s at bats, and made the Top 20 Appalachian League’s batting average 2013 list.
Philanthropic activities.
On December 27, 2012, Escalera headed an activity to raise funds for UNICEF's United States Fund to promote world access to clean water. He turned over a $25,000 check to Puerto Rico Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock, in the presence of Secretary of State-designate David Bernier and Secretary-designate of Sports and Recreation Ramón Orta. In April 2013, during the National Volunteer Week, President Obama’s Administration awarded Escalera with the President's Volunteer Service Award the nation’s most distinguished service awards in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36530121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530121" title="Aron Modig">
Aron Modig

Aron Modig (born 13 June 1985) is a Swedish politician who was chairman of the Young Christian Democrats, the youth wing of the Christian Democrats from 2011 to 2013.
2012 car crash.
In July 2012, he visited Cuba to show support for the nation's pro-democracy activists. On July 22, he was injured in a car crash while traveling with dissident and Sakharov Prize-winner Oswaldo Payá. Payá was killed at the scene.
Details of the crash are disputed. Payá's daughter Rosa María stated that her father died after the rental car in which he was traveling was rammed several times by another car. Payá's son Oswaldo added that his father had received numerous death threats and agreed that his car had been deliberately driven off the road. The official statement by the Cuban government said that the driver lost control of the vehicle and collided with a tree. Modig tells that he subsequently was taken away to an unknown place and held captive for eight days by government officials. There he was being interrogated and scolded by terms: "You shouldn't come to our country to meddle in our affairs!". He was queried about the political purposes with his stay in Cuba, but no questions were asked about the crash. At a press conference arranged by Cuban authorities on 30 July, Modig and the driver and second survivor, Ángel Carromero, stated that the crash was an accident and no other car was involved.

</doc>
<doc id="36530179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530179" title="PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center">
PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center

PeaceHealth Southwest Washington Medical Center is a 450-bed community hospital located in Vancouver, Washington. The hospital has a total of 386 general beds and was founded in 1858.
In 2010, the hospital had about 114,000 emergency room visits, 27,000 in-patient visits, and 3,000 child births. The emergency room is the busiest ER north of San Francisco on the west coast, and the birth center is the second busiest obstetrics unit in the Portland metropolitan area. The sleep center is accredited by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine. The hospital is accredited by the joint commission, and the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). The cardiovascular rehabilitation program is certified by the American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation.
PeaceHealth is a certified stroke center. 
History.
PeaceHealth Southwest Washington Medical Center was founded in 1858 by Mother Joseph Pariseau. It is the oldest hospital in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. Originally named Southwest Washington Medical Center, the hospital merged with PeaceHealth in 2010 and was renamed PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center. The entire PeaceHealth system has 15,000 employees and about $2 billion in revenue. In August 2012, PeaceHealth announced plans to merge with Catholic Health Initiative. If the merger became official, the newly formed organization would have a total of 26,000 employees, 16 hospitals, and nearly $4 billion in revenue.
In 2010, the hospital began a bloodless surgery program for community members, such as Jehovah's Witnesses, that refuse blood products. In 2011, the hospital received $1.2 million in grants for the cardiology department, the neuroscience institute, and the behavioral health program.
Graduate Medical Education.
The hospital operates a family medicine residency that is affiliated with the University of Washington. The program started in 1995, and has trained 89 family physicians.

</doc>
<doc id="36530182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530182" title="Tietotehdas">
Tietotehdas

Tietotehdas was the root company of current Tieto Corporation. Tietotehdas Oy started its business operations in Espoo, Finland in 1968. During the first years, Tietotehdas operated mainly in its owners' computer centre. IT systems were developed and maintained mainly for Union Bank of Finland and its customers, and for a few forest industry companies.
The customer base of the company grew during the 1970s, when mini-computers were introduced alongside the existing mainframe computers. Besides mainframe computer services and software, the development of IT systems was also central to the operations of Tietotehdas. Customers represented several industries and operations were organized according to these verticals.
During the 1990s, the company experienced rapid growth through a number of acquisitions, mergers and strategic alliances. The company's name was changed from Tietotehdas to TT Tieto in 1995 and Tieto in 1998. In 1996, the company strengthened its exposure in the telecom sector considerably through the acquisition of Avancer. In 1999, Tieto and Enator merged, and TietoEnator was born.
On 1 December 2008, the company launched a new corporate brand and marketing name Tieto (which means knowledge in Finnish). The official registered name of the company is now Tieto Corporation.
The importance of horizontal operations and adequate offshore resources grows and the company replaces the industry-based structure by a matrix comprising country organizations, industries and global service lines in 2009. Offshore production was increased substantially towards the end of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="36530183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530183" title="1965 African Cup of Nations qualification">
1965 African Cup of Nations qualification

This page details the process of qualifying for the 1965 African Cup of Nations.
Qualified teams.
The qualified teams are:
Egypt's withdrawal.
Egypt withdrew after qualification for not having diplomatic relationship with Tunisia (the host nation). In their place Sudan (runner-up of Zone 2) were invited but they declined; then Congo-Léopoldville (runner-up of Zone 3) were invited, who accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="36530186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530186" title="Mark Shields (police officer)">
Mark Shields (police officer)

Mark Shields (born 1959) is a British law enforcement officer and security consultant. He began his police career at an early age, and rose rapidly through the ranks. After nearly three decades of service with the Essex Police and Scotland Yard, in 2005 he moved to Jamaica to take up a new position as Deputy Police Commissioner of the Jamaica Constabulary Force. In that capacity, he came to worldwide attention as he led the investigation into the death of Pakistan's cricket coach Bob Woolmer in the run-up to the 2007 Cricket World Cup finals. "The Guardian" credits him as "the British officer who changed policing in Jamaica".
Early career.
Shields began his law enforcement career in 1976 at the age of 17. He served as the head of the City of London Police's special branch from 1987 to 1990. He also spent time as a member of the Essex Police. In 2000 while there, he was reprimanded by Justice Warrick McKinnon of Chelmsford Crown Court for having briefed a group of witnesses; McKinnon rebuked him as having "tresspass over the line of propriety in the wrong way". He went on to accuse Shields of having fabricated an observation log or at minimum of having compiled it after the fact, and to complain of his "cynical and arrogant" assertion that "I can see nothing wrong with it, so what?" in response to the concerns.
Despite that incident, Shields later moved on to the Metropolitan Police Service, where he rose to the rank of Superintendent. He was posted to Frankfurt, Germany as a drugs and organised crime liaison officer, in which capacity he frequently travelled throughout Eastern European countries, including Belarus, Ukraine, and Poland. He once investigated a kidnapping plot against Victoria Beckham. He also led investigations which resulted in the 2002 discovery of a large weapons cache in Hillingdon believed to have been stored by a criminal gang or professional contract killer. He was the project manager on the strengthening of the "Ring of Steel" anti-terrorism cordon around the City of London.
Shields' work at Scotland Yard also included investigations into Jamaican Yardie gangs, which work he began in 2001 as a member of the Yard's serious and organised crime unit, under the rubric of Operation Trident. He gained a reputation for expertise in this area, and later began playing a more international role as a result. Shields first came to Jamaica at the request of Allan Brown of London's Metropolitan Police Service to aid in the investigation of Reneto Adams and four other policemen charged with the 7 May 2003 murder of four civilians at Kraal, Clarendon Parish. Shields was successful in breaking a wall of silence from the Jamaican police, persuading four officers to testify against their colleagues; however, the prosecutor was unable to secure a conviction, in an acquittal widely viewed as corrupt by the Jamaican public.
As Deputy Commissioner in Jamaica.
Assignment.
On the basis of his earlier role in bringing the Adams case to trial, Shields was assigned on secondment to the Jamaica Constabulary Force in 2005. He was one of a number of foreign police officers recruited for the JCF in those years, the others being fellow Britons Les Green and Justice Felice, and Canadian Paul Martin. Among the aims of the recruitment exercise were to augment the force's capabilities for intelligence activities and investigation.
With his appointment, the Jamaican and British police would better coordinate their efforts over the gang- and drug-related violence affecting both countries.
Shields introduced a number of procedural and technological reforms in the JCF which were credited with increasing the arrest and conviction rate, including systematic digitisation of fingerprints taken from arrested suspects, increased introduction of closed-circuit television cameras, and further use of DNA evidence. From 2005 to 2006, the number of murders in Jamaica fell by 20 percent, from 1,680 to 1,340. He also stressed getting the community involved through neighbourhood watch programs and independent advisory groups who would liaise with the police and build trust between the two groups. There was some concern over whether British policing methods would be effective in the different culture and situation of Jamaica. Shields described Jamaica as presenting different challenges than his native Britain, noting that while the crime rate was higher in Jamaica, there were far fewer people committing those crimes; in simple words, his solution was "to target the gunmen". He also sought to fight corruption in the JCF.
Shields earned respect for the personal risk he took in combating deep-set corruption and violence, and for his perceived honesty. He had initially been worried that he would be seen as a "colonialist" as a white man going into a black community in an authority position, but his fears about public perceptions of his role turned out to be unfounded. As for his relations with the rest of the JCF, his position was newly created for his arrival, meaning that he was not blocking anyone else's chances for promotion. However, there was some resentment among JCF personnel over Shields' high salary, which was thirty times that of the average constable. Local colleagues complained that Shields often took the lead in high-profile investigations as a means of garnering media attention. His tenure was also marked by conflict with then-Leader of the Opposition Bruce Golding over policing in Tivoli Gardens, Kingston.
Woolmer case.
Shields was brought into the international spotlight by his investigation into the March 2007 death of Bob Woolmer. At the time, hundreds of journalists were in the West Indies to cover the Cricket World Cup, making the media response to the murder immediate and intense. Their interest increased once Shields announced a pathologist's findings that Woolmer's death was caused by manual strangulation. Shields held frequent updates in the lobby of Jamaica Pegasus Hotel where Woolmer's body was found, and himself became the focus of media attention — too much, his detractors claimed. However, the media's focus on Shields extended from the professional to the personal, and he found himself the target of criticism even for activities in his time off; he described this type of attention as a "gross violation" of his privacy.
Shields also expressed frustration with the media's pressure for immediate answers and a rapid arrest, and their insinuations that the death was an inside job by someone from the Pakistani team, speculation which Shields rejected. Shields turned to his old Scotland Yard colleagues for assistance; they sent a team of their own to offer aid and a fresh perspective on the investigation. The following month, their investigation reached a startlingly different result: they stated that Woolmer had died of a heart attack. Faced with the contradictory result, Shields became the target of criticism from colleagues, but stated he had no regrets and rejected calls to step down. In late November, after 26 days of testimony from 57 witnesses, the 11-member jury convened to conduct the inquest into Woolmer's death concluded that there was insufficient evidence to return a verdict on its cause. Shields then announced that the JCF did not intend to pursue further investigation.
Exit from JCF and subsequent work.
In November 2008, the Ministry of National Security announced that Shields had chosen not to accept a one-year extension of his contract. The contract reportedly included a reduction in pay, as well as a transfer to a different position. Investigations into Christopher "Dudus" Coke and his Tivoli Gardens stronghold began under Shields' watch, but it would not be until a year after his departure from the JCF that they would come to fruition with Coke's arrest.
After the end of his contract, Shields announced that he would establish his own company, Shields Crime and Security Consultants. He supported Owen Ellington's bid to succeed his former boss Rear Admiral Hardley Lewin as Police Commissioner. Through his consultancy work, he would encourage Caribbean law enforcement agencies to adopt advanced technology and forensic techniques such as DNA profiling and telephone tapping on mobile phones. However, he acknowledged that there were significant barriers to implementing these techniques, such as the atmosphere of mistrust between the policing and the telecommunications sectors in Jamaica.
Personal life.
Shields is the son of a nurse and a civil servant in the Ministry of Defence. He had a poor relationship with his parents, and in the words of "The Daily Mail", "a desire to escape his roots"; he left home as a teenager after an argument with his father. Shields married his first wife in 1987, and had two children with her. British colleagues remember Shields as a ladies' man who attracted attention from women — even fellow police officers — for his height and good looks, but he was faithful to his wife until their divorce. He attended the University of Essex on a police scholarship, where he studied government and politics.
In Jamaica, outside of his work hours he enjoyed a "bon vivant" lifestyle, and was described as "one of Jamaica's 30 most eligible men" by the "Jamaica Gleaner". In 2007, he was reported to have been in a serious relationship for two years with a 24-year-old local fashion designer, but they separated soon after. During his time in Jamaica, he also became a fan of the Jamaica national football team, the "Reggae Boyz". He lives in the upscale Norbrook neighbourhood of the Kingston Metropolitan Area. On one occasion police showed up with a warrant to search his house, but it turned out they were actually looking for the house of his neighbour Vybz Kartel; Shields' boss Lewin later apologised to him over the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="36530197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530197" title="North 21st Street Bridge">
North 21st Street Bridge

The North 21st Street Bridge in Tacoma, Washington was built in 1910. It was designed by engineers Waddell & Harrington. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36530218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530218" title="North 23rd Street Bridge">
North 23rd Street Bridge

The North 23rd Street Bridge in Tacoma, Washington was built in 1909. It was designed by engineers Waddell & Harrington. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36530223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530223" title="Rational Focal Point">
Rational Focal Point

Rational Focal Point is a decision analysis tool used by the product organizations of corporations and government agencies to collect information and feedback from internal and external stakeholders on the value of applications and technologies and their features, prioritize on which ones will provide the most value to the business, and manage the roadmap of how improved products will be fielded or removed from market or organization.
Overview.
Rational Focal Point is used for:
For those organizations that need more advanced features and have a high level of detail, RationalFocal Point can be used in combination with a variety of tools, such as Rational Team Concert, Rational System Architect, Rational Requirements Composer, or products from other companies such as Planview Inc's Planview.
Rational Focal Point stores information in a database and provides multiple ways to input information, including a web-based portal to allow end-users from across an organization, and external customers from all over the world, to input information into the database.
Information is then analyzed with a variety of dashboard charts to make prioritization decisions and manage roadmaps of project and product delivery and scheduling. Open Services Lifecycle Collaboration (OSLC) integrations enable the end user to amalgamate information and capabilities in Rational Focal Point with other OSLC-enabled tools.
History.
Joachim Karlsson, Ph.D founded Focal Point AB; the tool originated from a doctoral dissertation by Joachim Karlsson at Linköping University, “A Systematic Approach for Prioritizing Software Requirements”. The first version of Focal Point was released in 1997.
Focal Point was acquired by Telelogic on April 13, 2005. IBM Rational acquired Telelogic in April 2008.
Features.
Focal Point includes support for:
External links.
See also
Have provided independent references as to notability of IBM Rational Focal Point.

</doc>
<doc id="36530225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530225" title="Solar power in Virginia">
Solar power in Virginia

Solar power in Virginia on rooftops is estimated to be capable of providing 24% of electricity used in Virginia.
A feed-in tariff is available from the Tennessee Valley Authority, which pays $1,000 for signing up, plus the current rate for electricity plus $0.12/kWh for all generation. Systems are limited to from 0.5 kW to 50 kW. Payment is for 10 years. Payments are in the form of monthly credits to the consumers regular monthly bill and are paid monthly or annually at TVA's choice. Payments are for 10 years, and payment at retail can be extended for an additional 10 years. A standard offer program is available for systems from 50 kW to 1 MW, which pays from 4 to 6 cents/kWh above retail for the first 10 years. Net metering is available, but residential customers with from 10 to 20 kW arrays could pay a monthly "standby charge" of up to $60/month. As of December 2, 2011, only one customer in Virginia was a residential customer with an array of that size. Standby charges were implemented in California by two utilities until they were banned by the California PUC. Commercial customers with up to 500 kW can use net metering and are not subject to a standby charge. Credits are perpetually rolled over, and customers can request payment once a year at avoided cost. Best practices do not recommend any limits to net metering, either individually or aggregate, other than to the customers service entrance capacity, and perpetual roll over of kilowatt credits.
Net metering requires a bi-directional meter, but other than that is simply an accounting procedure, and is more easily discovered by the utility than requiring any sign-up or reporting, just as air conditioning use is discovered, and does not require any sign-up or reporting. At low levels of local generation there is no impact to the utility other than the change in recording and reporting. At high levels utilities need to contract with or provide storage or export/import of the excess electricity generation. Germany, with 26 GW of solar and 29 GW of wind, which exceeds Germany's peak load of 50 GW, has not reached the point where this is an issue. During the summer wind output is reduced, as is solar during the winter. Solar tends to make up all of the peak load during the summer. Virginia currently has two pumped hydro-storage facilities.
Virginia's largest solar array is the 504 kW rooftop array located in Woodbridge. It is expected to produce 636,199 kWh of electricity each year.

</doc>
<doc id="36530228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530228" title="1968 African Cup of Nations qualification">
1968 African Cup of Nations qualification

This page details the process of qualifying for the 1968 African Cup of Nations.
Group stage.
Group 1.
Playoff
Group 4.
First round
Second round
Uganda qualified after United Arab Republic withdrew.
Group 6.
First round
Playoff
Second round
Congo-Kinshasa qualified after Tanzania withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="36530233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530233" title="Sea urchin (disambiguation)">
Sea urchin (disambiguation)

A sea urchin is a spiny marine echinoderm. "Sea urchin" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36530244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530244" title="Electoral district of Ballarat North">
Electoral district of Ballarat North

Ballarat North was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria. It was created in the redistribution preceding the 1955 election, covering the northern suburbs and the rural areas north of Ballarat.
It mostly a safe seat for the Liberal Party, although Labor candidate and future Premier Steve Bracks came close to winning it in the 1988 election. 
It was abolished in the redistribution preceding the 1992 election, mostly being replaced by the new district of Ballarat West.

</doc>
<doc id="36530257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530257" title="Fionn Regan discography">
Fionn Regan discography

The discography of Fionn Regan, an Irish folk musician and singer-songwriter, consists of three studio albums, five extended plays and seven singles. 
Regan began his career in 2000 under the pseudonym "Bilbo" and released the three-song EP "Slow Wall". Dropping his stage name in 2002, he released "Little Miss Drunk", a non-album single, and signed to Anvil Records, an independent label based in Brighton, United Kingdom. Regan followed up "Slow Wall" with the release of his second EP, "Reservoir", in January 2003. Regan's final two EPs for Anvil, "Hotel Room" (2004) and "Campaign Button" (2005), led him to be signed to Bella Union, an independent label owned by former Cocteau Twins member Simon Raymonde. On Bella Union, Regan released his debut studio album, "The End of History", in August 2006. A major critical success, the album was nominated for a number of awards in Ireland, the United Kingdom and the United States, including the Choice Music Prize, the Mercury Prize and the Shortlist Music Prize.
Following constant touring and promotion for "The End of History", Regan signed to Lost Highway Records, a United States-based label, and recorded one unreleased album in 2008. Lost Highway refused to release the album, leading Regan to name it "The Red Tapes". Relocating back to his native Wicklow, Regan recorded his second studio album, "The Shadow of an Empire", and was signed to Heavenly Records. The album was well-received and resulted in two singles: "Protection Racket" and "Catacombs", both of which received extensive airplay. Regan's third studio album, "100 Acres of Sycamore", was released in August 2011 along with a further two singles, and his fourth studio album, "", was released in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36530284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530284" title="2012–13 Austrian Cup">
2012–13 Austrian Cup

The 2012–13 Austrian Cup () was the 79th season of Austria's nationwide football cup competition. It commenced with the matches of the First Round on 12 July 2012 and concluded with the Final on 30 May 2013. This year the tournament took place with only 64 participants, which abolishes the preliminary rounds. This year reserve teams were not allowed to participate in the competition.
Participating teams.
The teams of the Bundesliga and the First League, the two losers of the First League Relegation Playoff and the winner of the 9 winner of the province cups. Also there were lower league teams, nomitated by the 9 province-FAs.
First Round.
The draw for this round was on 1 July 2012. The matches took place from 13 to 15 July 2012.
Second round.
The draw for this round was on 13 August 2012. The matches took place on 25 and 26 September 2012.
Third round.
The draw for this round was on 2 October 2012. The matches took place on 30 and 31 October 2012.
Quarter-finals.
The matches took place on 16 and 17 April 2013.
Semi-finals.
The matches took place on 7 and 8 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36530285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530285" title="Cross Shot">
Cross Shot

Cross Shot (originally titled La legge violenta della squadra anticrimine) is a 1976 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Stelvio Massi. It was filmed in Apulia, between Bari and Trani.

</doc>
<doc id="36530318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530318" title="Electoral district of Ballarat South">
Electoral district of Ballarat South

Ballarat South was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria. It was created in the redistribution preceding the 1955 election, covering the southern suburbs and the rural areas south of Ballarat.
It was a marginal seat that was always won by the governing party throughout its existence. 
Ballarat South was abolished in the redistribution preceding the 1992 election, and was mostly replaced by the new district of Ballarat East.

</doc>
<doc id="36530354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530354" title="Kyle Davis (actor)">
Kyle Davis (actor)

Kyle Davis (born July 9, 1978) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in the comedy drama "Men of a Certain Age" and "American Horror Story".
Early life.
Davis was born in Downey, California. When he was 14, he and his parents moved to Arizona. He attended Sedona Red Rock High School and then studied photography at Yavapi Community College. After that, he wanted to enlist in the military, but he was involved in a fight that left him blind in his left eye, preventing him from being deployed.
In 1998, Davis moved to Southern California to become a professional skateboarder. However, shortly after arriving, he tore his ACL. After some time, his cousin convinced him to consider acting instead.
Career.
At the age of 20, Davis began his career appearing on "The Dating Game" and working as an extra on shows and commercials.
Davis' first official TV role came in 2001, on an episode of "Angel". After that, he has appeared in shows like "Felicity", "Monk", "The Shield", "ER", and "". He also appeared on films like "Catch Me If You Can", "Elizabethtown", and the "Friday the 13th" remake.
From 2007 to 2011, he has had recurring roles on the comedy "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" and "Men of a Certain Age". In 2011, he had recurring roles on "Dexter" and "American Horror Story".
Personal life.
Davis lives in North Hollywood with his wife, April Chappell.

</doc>
<doc id="36530355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530355" title="Meghavahana">
Meghavahana

Meghavahana was ruler and founder of second Gonanda dynasty of Kashmir during middle of first millennium CE. He married Amritprabha, daughter of the king Bala Varman of Kamarupa. His son and successor is S'resthasena.
Meghavahana, the first prince of the restored dynasty, is said to have been the son of Gopaditya, a great grandson of Yudhisthira, living in exile at the court of the king of Gandhara. Meghavahana, who is supposed to have taken possession of the throne of his forefathers at the invitation of the Kashmirian ministers, is described as a strong but pious ruler. Various acts attributed to him, like the prohibition of the killing of animals, even in sacrifices and the building of numerous Viharas by his court seem to show Meghavahana in the light of a patron of Buddhism. Apart from several legendary anecdotes which are intended to illustrate the spiritual greatness of the king and his command of supernatural powers acquired thereby, Kalhana relates of him a `digvijaya or conquest of the world. Meghavahana is supposed to have undertaken it in order to impose his prohibition of slaughter on the whole earth. It needs scarcely to be demonstrated that no historical value can attach to the record of such fabulous conquests. The report of Meghavahana having come from Gandhara acquires significance in view of the unmistakable numismatic evidence which points to Kashmir having been founded by Amritaprabha, Meghavahana's queen, was known already to On-kong. The attribution of a Stupa known by a Tibetan designation (Loh-Stoupa) to the Guru of this foreign queen, seems also to rest on genuine tradition. Of Meghavahana 's son and successor S'resthasena, who is said to have borne also the names of Pravarasena and Tunjina, built various sacred structures at Puranadhisthana, the old capital, the site of which is marked by the modern Pandrethan. S'resthasena is said to have two sons, of which the elder, Hiranya, succeeded him, while the other, Toramana, acted as Yuvaraja. Toramana strike large number of coins in his name.

</doc>
<doc id="36530363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530363" title="List of colleges in West Bengal">
List of colleges in West Bengal

This is a list of Colleges in West Bengal. West Bengal is one of the states of the Republic of India. It has a number of renowned colleges.
List of State Govt Universities in West Bengal
Engineering Colleges in West Bengal
Colleges of West Bengal include:
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36530392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530392" title="Patna Sahib College of Engineering &amp; Technology, Vaishali">
Patna Sahib College of Engineering &amp; Technology, Vaishali

Patna Sahib College of Engineering & Technology, Vaishali - PSCET has been established with a view to impart technical and professional education in the periphery of Patna. It is situated in the village of Bhagwanpur, Vaishali and is 25 km from District headquarters Hajipur. It is 40 km from Bihar state capital Patna. Established in 2011 and is run by "Patna Sahib Group of Colleges". PSCET is affiliated from Aryabhatta Knowledge University, Patna,
Admission.
The admission procedure for different courses is as prescribed by Bihar Government and Aryabhatta Knowledge University, Patna (Bihar)
Courses offered.
PSCET Offers B.Tech courses in following streams.

</doc>
<doc id="36530417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530417" title="Ueli Steiger">
Ueli Steiger

Ulrich ”Ueli” Steiger (born 5 August 1954 in Zürich, Switzerland) is a Swiss cinematographer.
He studied English and art history at the University of Zurich and entered the London Film School. After freelancing as Camera assistant and Documentary Filmmaker in Switzerland, he directed his first feature film "Privileged" in 1981 with Director Michael Hoffman as Camera operator. With the camera in Hoffman's "Promised Land". 
Then, Steiger moved to Los Angeles and worked with director Roland Emmerich on films such as "Godzilla", "The Day After Tomorrow", and "10,000 BC".
He is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36530429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530429" title="Here's Jaki">
Here's Jaki

"Here's Jaki" is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1961 and released on the New Jazz label.
Music.
"Cinco y Quatro" is a calypso in 5/4 time. "Garnerin' a Bit" is a tribute to pianist Erroll Garner.
Reception.
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars, stating "This is no standard trio; they're a collective who romps through these seven selections with a surprise or more a minute".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36530436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530436" title="Electoral district of Ballarat">
Electoral district of Ballarat

Ballarat was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria. It was created in the redistribution preceding the 1927 election, its area mainly consisting of the former districts of Ballarat West and Ballarat East. 
For most of its existence, it was held by Premier Thomas Hollway, from 1932 to 1952.
It was abolished in the redistribution preceding the 1955 election, being split into Ballarat North and Ballarat South.

</doc>
<doc id="36530448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530448" title="József Keresztessy (fencer)">
József Keresztessy (fencer)

József Keresztessy (7 August 1819 – 16 April 1895) master of fencing, founder of the sword fencing in Hungary.
He was born in Budapest, Hungary. He got a job at the Fencing Institution in Pest under the direction of Ignác Friedrich. Here he was the assistant in fencing. After practising through six years he was getting a diploma about becoming a master of fencing. After getting this document he started to teach in the National Fencing Institute in Pest. During the Hungarian Revolution he was a member of Lajos Aulich’s company. He took part in the battles of Buda, Pered, and as a soldier of György Klapka, at the Battles of Komárom. His room of fencing was opened in 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="36530466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530466" title="Shemini">
Shemini

Shemini is a Hebrew word that means "eighth", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36530470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530470" title="Notary in Georgia">
Notary in Georgia

Notary in Georgia a notary is liberal in his (her) profession and performs state authority by means of notary and other associated acts (deeds). In Soviet times notary was a state official. Since 1996 based on the Georgian Law, "About Notary" the legal status of notary as of the representative of liberal profession has been determined.
Notary is an impartial and trusty advisor of its client. A document attested by the notary has indisputable probative force. Notary is responsible for the damage caused by its official activity. Along with legislation, insuring of notary’s professional responsibility, operating since 2010, also provides a guarantee of citizen’s immunity. Damage caused by culpable or careless acts of notaries is remunerated by the insurance company. 
Notary shall keep secrecy of information having become known to it in association with its profession. This obligation also survives after notary is released from the position.
Since 2009 notary has to register any notary act in electronic registry. As a result of creation of electronic base of notary acts, getting of notary services significantly simplified and accelerated; one may get notary service in single space; one may get inheritance certificate with any notary; the practice of on-line notarization has been introduced; one may check whether any notary deed is registered or not and be ascertained in its trustworthiness without going out, at the web-site of the Notary Chamber. There are 224 practicing notaries in Georgia. Based on the Order of the Minister of Justice the number of notaries should not exceed 300.
Requirements.
Notary’s position may be occupied by a capable Georgian citizen with higher legal education, having passed relevant traineeship or at least one year length of service as a notary or at least 5 years length of service in public bodies, also having successfully passed qualification examination of notaries and won contest according to the Order No. 3 of the Minister of Justice, "About the rule of conducting a contest for selection the notary candidates", approved on January 10, 2012.
All practicing notaries in Georgia are associated in the Notary Chamber of Georgia.
Control over official activities of notaries is performed by the Ministry of Justice (Georgia).
It is thought that in Georgia there should be an organization similar to the Scriveners of ancient Rome and notaries’ corporations like in 12th century Italy, France, Germany and Byzantium. Apart from separate writers or bibliophiles, a group of "scribes" used to give a legal from to the ideas of people and relations among them. In the judgment of Ivane Javakhishvili, one or several scribes should be group leaders. There is an impression that it should be a cooperation of "writers", who determined rights and obligations of group leader and its members.

</doc>
<doc id="36530475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530475" title="Derek McGinty">
Derek McGinty

Derek McGinty (born 17 August 1959, Washington, D.C.) is an American news anchor and television journalist, most recently appearing on "9News Now" at 7PM and 11PM on WUSA-TV in Washington, D.C..
Biography.
McGinty was born August 17th, 1959 in Washington, District of Columbia. He attended Woodrow Wilson High School in Washington, and he graduated in 1977. McGinty was inspired to pursue a career in journalism after attending an assembly where a news personality spoke on behalf of his profession. McGinty graduated from American University in Washington, DC in 1981, receiving a bachelor's degree in communications.
Career.
McGinty spent much of his early career hosting a radio talk show called "The Derek McGinty Show" from 1991 to 1998 on WAMU in Washington. There he covered local and national politics, hosted segments with "the computer guys", and offered a broad, eclectic mix of guests.
In October 1997, McGinty began to appear as a freelance reporter on the CBS news program "Public Eye with Bryant Gumbel". After several months, he made the move permanent and left WAMU in January 1998.
McGinty has also appeared on ABC's "World News Now", ABC's "World News This Morning", "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" on HBO and WUSA's "Eye on Washington".
Presently, as anchor at WUSA's evening and late-night news broadcasts, McGinty also hosts the show's "McGinty's Mail Bag" segment, reading and responding to viewer mail.

</doc>
<doc id="36530500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36530500" title="Nikola Rak">
Nikola Rak

Nikola Rak (born 29 August 1987 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for Slaven Belupo in the Prva HNL.
In June 2012, Rak signed a two-year contract with Slaven Belupo. In his debut for the club in the second qualifying round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League on 19 July 2012, he scored a hat-trick in a 6–0 victory over Portadown. Three days later, he hit a brace in a 3–0 away win against Cibalia in the first round of 2012–13 Prva HNL.

</doc>
