<doc id="36829570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829570" title="Lim Hyun-Gyu">
Lim Hyun-Gyu

Lim Hyun-Gyu (born January 16, 1985), often anglicized to Hyun Gyu Lim, is a South Korean mixed martial artist, currently signed to fight in the UFC's Welterweight division.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Lim made his professional MMA debut in February 2006 in the Spirit MC promotion in his native South Korea. Over the next few years, he also fought for the Heat, DEEP, M-1 Global and Pacific Xtreme Combat promotions. After beating Ryan Biglar at the PXC 32 event in July 2012, he became the PXC welterweight champion.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In August 2012, the UFC announced that they had signed Lim. Lim was originally set to make his UFC debut against Marcelo Guimarães on November 10, 2012 at UFC on Fuel TV 6. However, Guimarães was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by David Mitchell. Then, just prior to the weigh in for the event, the bout was scrapped after Lim was declared medically unfit to compete by UFC doctors.
Lim vs. Guimarães was then rescheduled for March 3, 2013 at UFC on Fuel TV 8. Lim was successful in his debut, winning via KO in the second round.
Lim faced Pascal Krauss on August 31, 2013 at UFC 164. He defeated Krauss by KO with a knee and follow up punches in the first round. The win also earned Lim his first "Fight of the Night" bonus award.
Lim was expected to face Kiichi Kunimoto on January 4, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 34. However in late November, event headliner Jake Ellenberger pulled out of the event citing an injury and Lim stepped up to face Tarec Saffiedine in the main event. He lost the fight via unanimous decision. Despite the loss on the scorecards, the bout brought Lim his second consecutive "Fight of the Night" bonus award.

</doc>
<doc id="36829600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829600" title="Low Kay Hwa">
Low Kay Hwa

Low Kay Hwa (born June 18, 1985) is a Singaporean novelist.
Biography.
Low Kay Hwa has studied in Boon Lay Primary School, Hong Kah Secondary School and Singapore Polytechnic, and as of 2013, he is pursuing his B.A. in English and literature from SIM University on a part-time basis.
Low published his first novel in 2003, and set up his own publishing company in 2005. By 2013, he has published 11 novels, with some in bookstores and national newspaper bestsellers lists.
Works.
"Destiny’s Cries" (2003)
"I Believe You" (2005)
"You Are Here" (2006)
"Journey" (2006)
"A Photogenic Life" (2007)
"To Forget You" (2008)
"Lilith" (2009)
"The Perfect Story" (2010)
"For That Day" (2011)
"A Singapore Love Story" (2011)
"I" (2013)

</doc>
<doc id="36829636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829636" title="Six Gun Gold">
Six Gun Gold

Six Gun Gold is a 1941 Western film starring Tim Holt.
Plot.
Don, Smokey and Whopper stop a runaway stagecoach and save passenger Jenny Blanchard on their way to Placerville, where the marshal is Don's brother, Brad.
When he gets to town, Don finds someone impersonating his brother. The law counters by accusing Don and his pals of being horse thieves. Jenny vouches for their integrity with father Ben and sister Penny.
It turns out the stagecoach line owner's assistant is behind a gold-shipment theft and other crimes. Don and local miners get involved, saving the day.
Reception.
The film made a profit of $22,000. It was also critically well received.

</doc>
<doc id="36829680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829680" title="Charles Hellier Davies Evans">
Charles Hellier Davies Evans

Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hellier Davies Evans, DSO, served as Commanding Officer of the New Zealand Cyclist Corps. A long time member of New Zealand's volunteer forces he enlisted in the New Zealand Expeditionary Force at the outbreak of World War I, and served with distinction on the Western Front. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (second only to the Victoria Cross for officers), Mentioned in Despatches, and was one of only 14 members of the New Zealand Army to receive the French Legion of Honour decoration during the war.
Early life.
Charles Evans was born on 23 May 1873 and served as a volunteer from 1900. He was appointed a captain in the Wellington Mounted Rifles in 1911 and working as an accountant prior to World War I.
World War I.
The New Zealand Cyclist Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Charles Evans, played a significant role in the 1918 Battle of the Marne. Drawn from Mounted Rifles Reinforcements the New Zealand Cyclist Corps was established under Evans in April 1916, as mobile infantry for patrolling and exploiting breaks in the enemy line. As part of Godley’s Corps Troops the unit was separate from the New Zealand Division, but due to the static nature of warfare on the Western Front were often used for track building or cable-laying. Evans was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his work in preparing a cavalry attack during the Battle of Messines in June 1917. After being rushed into the line to counter the German Spring Offensive in March 1918, Evans’ Battalion moved South with XXII Corps and was attached to the French 5th Army for operations on the Marne. On 23 July 1918 Evans lead the Cyclists in an attack on the French village of Marfaux, which after losing nearly a third of their unit killed or wounded they managed to wrest from the Germans. Evans’ bravery and leadership were recognized with the award of the Croix de Chevalier of the Légion d’honneur in March 1919. Other unit members were also decorated by the French and the Battalion was honored by the representation of a Fanion from the Commander of the French 5th Army, General Berthelot in July 1919. Evans took his discharge in November 1919 and subsequently settled in Australia.
Awards and decorations.
Evans was awarded the Distinguished Service Order on 17 September 1917 "for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty when in charge of a party which had to prepare a cavalary track. He reorganised his mean when scattered by heavy shell fire, and continued to supervise the work, which by his fine peronsal example was rapidly completed under heavy fire, and proved subsequently invaluable to the success of our operations" during the Battle of Messines in June 1917. He was also mentioned in Despatches on 28 December 1917in recognition of his excellent service and appointed a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour by the President of France in February 1916. This French award is uncommon to New Zealanders: fewer than 100 awards have been made, and Hastings was one of only 14 members of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force to be decorated with the Legion of Honour during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36829697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829697" title="Iet van Feggelen">
Iet van Feggelen

Irene "Iet" van Feggelen (1921 – 17 July 2012) was a Dutch backstroke swimmer. Her first name is sometimes misspelled as Let, and her last name is often given as Koster–van Feggelen or Koster due to her marriage to the Dutch water polo player Ko Koster in 1943. Her career was hampered by World War II; yet, she won two medals at the 1938 and 1947 European Aquatics Championships and set eleven world records between 1938 and 1947. After retirement, she became a national coach in conventional and synchronized swimming. In 2009, she was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame. 
Biography.
Van Feggelen was born in Amsterdam to Ms. I. van Feggelen-Hogendijken and Mr. G.J.M. van Feggelen, she was an elder sister of the water polo player Ruud van Feggelen (1924–2002). Her father, the head of the local swimming club "De Meeuwen Diemen", introduced her to swimming. She had soon showed talents in backstroke, but due her young age and the strong competition in this discipline in the Netherlands (Dutch women held most of the world backstroke records during the 1930s–1950s) was not selected for the 1936 Olympics. The forthcoming World War II effectively canceled her Olympic ambitions; nevertheless, she devoted herself to swimming. On 13 February 1938 she set her first world record and shortly after won a silver medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1938 European Aquatics Championships, behind another Dutch swimmer Cor Kint. Within four weeks of October–November 1938 she set five world records; and two more followed in December 1938 and December 1939.
During the war, played some water polo and continued swimming, winning the national 100 m backstroke titles in 1941–1943. Her brother became a water polo player around that time, and in 1943 she married another water polo player Ko Koster. After 1938, her career spiked again in 1947, when within one week of April–May she set two world records in medley relay events, and shortly after won a bronze medal at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships in the 100 m backstroke. 
In 1947, while touring the United States with Nel van Vliet, she became interested in synchronized swimming. After the birth of her second son in 1948 she retired from swimming and became a coach, both in conventional and synchronized swimming, and spent much efforts on popularizing the latter in Europe. For about 20 years from 1957 to 1970s she worked as a national team coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36829719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829719" title="Ispán (disambiguation)">
Ispán (disambiguation)

Ispán ("count") is the Hungarian title of a number of officials in the Kingdom of Hungary.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36829738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829738" title="Important battles in medieval Indian History">
Important battles in medieval Indian History

List of important battles fought in India from 1000 CE up to 1857 CE.
This battle was fought at Tarain near Thaneswar. Prithviraj of Chauhan Dynasty defeated the Mohammad of Ghori
Notes.
APPSC GROUP - II PAPER- I General Studies

</doc>
<doc id="36829741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829741" title="Alyssum spinosum">
Alyssum spinosum

Alyssum spinosum, now "Hormathophylla spinosa" (spiny madwort) is a species of flowering subshrub in the genus "Alyssum" of the family Brassicaceae, native to open rocky sites in south-eastern France and southern Spain. It forms a compact mound up to 30 cm in height. Dense spiny branches of tiny, toothed grey-green leaves bear racemes of white flowers at the tips in early summer.
It is especially cultivated in rock gardens. The cultivar "A. spinosum" 'Roseum', with pink flowers, has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36829777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829777" title="A. Albert Yuzpe">
A. Albert Yuzpe

Abraham Albert "Al" Yuzpe (1936– ) is a Canadian obstetrician-gynecologist known for his work on human fertility and emergency contraception. The Yuzpe regimen, named after him, is a method of reducing potential unwanted pregnancies, including pregnancy from rape. He published the first studies demonstrating the method's safety and efficacy in 1974.
Life and career.
Yuzpe earned his MD, MSc. and completed his fellowship in Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario. Yuzpe founded one of the first IVF centres in Canada at the University of Western Ontario in 1982.
He was a Fellow of the Medical Research Council of Canada for two years, with his research focusing on the development and refinement of fertility promoting drugs, including clomiphene citrate and human menopausal gonadotropins.
Yuzpe joined the Faculty of Medicine, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, where he held the position of Full Professor until retiring in 1995. He is co-founder and co-director of Genesis Fertility Centre. Yuzpe has received the Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society Award of Excellence in Reproductive Medicine, and The Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Presidents Award “For his distinguished career in academic reproductive endocrinology and infertility and his dedication to women’s health in Canada and abroad.”

</doc>
<doc id="36829791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829791" title="Michael Schlamp">
Michael Schlamp

Michael Schlamp (born 30 January 1981) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing for the Sydney Bears in the Australian Ice Hockey League.
Playing career.
Schlamp first played ice hockey in 1997 for the Saskatoon Blades of the Western Hockey League. During his first season he played only four games and recorded one goal. The following season he played 20 games for the Blades however failed to score any points, recording only five penalties in minutes. In 2000 Schlamp signed with the Estevan Bruins of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League. He competed in two seasons with the Bruins recording 37 points, 26 of them in his first season. Following the end of his second season with the Bruins Schlamp moved to Australian and signed with the Newcastle North Stars of the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL) for the 2002 AIHL season. Schlamp left the North Stars at the end of the season. In 2007 Schlamp returned to ice hockey when he signed with the Sydney Bears of the Australian Ice Hockey League. In 2011 Schlamp was named team captain for the Bears.
Schlamp was first called up to represent Australia in 2012 where he joined the national senior team to compete at the 2012 IIHF World Championship Division I Group B tournament being held in Krynica, Poland. Australia finished last and were relegated to Division II Group A for the following year, while Schlamp recorded three points in his five games and finished with a plus/minus of –5 for the tournament.
Personal life.
Schlamp was born on 30 January 1981 in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. He started playing ice hockey at the age of six. Schlamp holds multiple citizenship for both Australia and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36829809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829809" title="Frederick Galleghan">
Frederick Galleghan

Major General Sir Frederick Gallagher Galleghan DSO, OBE, ISO, ED (11 January 1897 – 20 April 1971) was a senior officer in the Australian Army who served in the First and Second World Wars. 
Born in New South Wales in 1897, he volunteered for service with the Australian Imperial Force in the First World War. He served on the Western Front as a non-commissioned officer. Repatriated to Australia after being wounded, he was later commissioned in the militia. Following the outbreak of the Second World War, he raised and commanded the 2/30th Battalion during the Invasion of Malaya. Captured along with many of his fellow soldiers following the fall of Singapore, he spent the remainder of the war as a prisoner of war. After the war, he led the Australian Military Mission to Germany and became involved in charity work. He was knighted in 1969 and died two years later in Sydney at the age of 74.
Early life.
Galleghan was born on 11 January 1897 in Jesmond, a suburb of Newcastle, in New South Wales. Of West Indian extraction, his dark complexion would in later life lead to his nickname of "Black Jack". As a school boy he had a keen interest in the military and joined the Cadets. After completing his schooling, he began working in the postal service as a telegraph messenger in 1912.
First World War.
Galleghan volunteered for the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in January 1916 and was assigned to 34th Battalion as a corporal. The battalion then being formed in New South Wales, was intended for service on the Western Front as part of 9th Brigade, 3rd Division. By late November 1916, the battalion was in France, having spent the previous five months training in England.
Now a sergeant, Galleghan would serve on the Western Front for over two years. He was wounded in June 1917 and again in August 1918. His second wound eventually led to his repatriation to Australia and a subsequent discharge on medical grounds from the AIF in March 1919.
Interwar period.
Galleghan return to employment with the postal service, this time on clerical duties, before transferring to the Department of Trade and Customs in 1926. He would remain with this department until 1936, at which time he joined the Sydney office of the Commonwealth Attorney-General's Department.
Galleghan's war injuries were not so serious as to prevent him joining the militia and he was gazetted as a temporary lieutenant in September 1919. By 1932, he was a lieutenant colonel and four years later would be awarded the Efficiency Decoration for his meritorious and long service with the militia. He commanded a number of militia battalions until 1940 at which time he volunteered for the newly revived AIF.
Second World War.
In October 1940, Galleghan was appointed commander of the newly formed 2/30th Battalion, part of 27th Brigade and originally destined for service in the Middle East with the 9th Division. However, the following month, the brigade and Galleghan's battalion with it, was transferred to 8th Division.
Galleghan, a strict disciplinarian, had high expectations of his battalion and accordingly implemented a rigorous training program. The battalion would become known as 'Galleghan's greyhounds' and was initially based at Tamworth but in the coming months would move around various bases in New South Wales. Training carried on into 1941 and in July the battalion embarked for Singapore on the Dutch transport "Johan Van Oldenbarnevelt".
Malaya and Singapore.
During transit to Malaya, the commander of 27th Brigade took ill. Galleghan was disappointed to find that despite being the most senior of the battalion commanders in the brigade, Duncan Maxwell was to be the replacement. Maxwell, previously commander of 2/19th Battalion, was preferred by the divisional commander, Major General Gordon Bennett, by virtue of having already been in Malaya for several months. 
British Indian army units took the initial brunt of the invasion of Malaya which began on 8 December 1941. By mid January, the Japanese army had made significant advances down Malaya. Galleghan's battalion was the lead Australian unit and mounted a successful ambush at Gemas on 14 January 1942. Taking up positions around a bridge, one company of the battalion allowed two hundred Japanese cyclists through before initiating their ambush by blowing up the bridge. It was estimated that several hundred casualties were inflicted on the Japanese before the company withdrew to a roadblock established by the remainder of the battalion. The battalion continued to hold up the Japanese advance, which resumed the following day due to a quick repair of the bridge. After anti-tank guns, which Galleghan mistakenly believed would be of little use, destroyed or damaged six tanks, the battalion withdrew late that afternoon over the Gemas River. He would later be awarded a Distinguished Service Order for his leadership and organisation of the ambush.
The ambush only delayed the Japanese for a short time, and along with the rest of the Australians, the battalion gradually withdrew to Singapore. Galleghan, still resentful of being passed over for command of 27th Brigade, was critical of Maxwell's handling of the brigade. During the first day of the Battle of Singapore, Maxwell sent Galleghan, suffering from ear troubles which made it difficult to participate in command conferences, to hospital. Galleghan handed over his battalion to his second in command. In his absence from the front, the Japanese were able to make significant advances as 2/30th Battalion was allowed by a pessimistic Maxwell to withdraw too far to the rear.
Galleghan took no further part in the battle of Singapore and was taken a prisoner of war by the Japanese. Imprisoned at Changi with the remainder of the captured Allied soldiers, he became commander of the Australian prisoners following the departure of Major General Cecil Callaghan in August 1942, and from 1944 was deputy commander of all Allied prisoners in Malaya. He applied his renown standards of discipline to his charges during imprisonment in order to maintain morale and the prisoners' wellbeing. Changi was relieved by the Allied forces in August 1945 and two months later, Galleghan returned to Australia.
Later life.
Galleghan retired from military service in January 1946 with the rank of temporary brigadier, with effect from 1942. He returned to his investigative work in Sydney and the following year was recognised for his leadership during the imprisonment at Changi with an appointment as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire. He was made an honorary major general in 1948, and for nearly two years, he was in charge of the Australian Military Mission to Germany. Once his duties in Europe were completed, he became involved in refugee work.
Galleghan retired from public service in 1959 and was appointed a Companion of the Imperial Service Order. Even in retired life, he continued his involvement with charitable organisations and was knighted in 1969 for his work with war veterans. He died on 20 April 1971 at his home in Mosman, New South Wales. He was survived by his second wife, Persia Elspbeth Porter, whom he had married in 1969. Neither of his two marriages resulted in children.

</doc>
<doc id="36829811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829811" title="Héctor Cornejo Chávez">
Héctor Cornejo Chávez

Hector Cornejo Chavez (Arequipa, November 15, 1918 - Lima, July 11, 2012) was a politician, jurist and Peruvian writer. Attorney, family law expert, founder of the Christian Democrat Party in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36829816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829816" title="Shaanxi bus–tanker crash">
Shaanxi bus–tanker crash

On 26 August 2012, a double-decker sleeper bus crashed into a tanker in northern China, near the city of Yan'an in the Shaanxi province. The tanker was loaded with highly flammable methanol. 36 people were killed.
The accident was the deadliest in China since the 2011 Xinyang bus fire, when a fire in an overcrowded sleeper bus containing flammable material killed 41 people.
The crash.
On 26 August 2012, a tanker returned to the highway following an early-morning rest stop. Meanwhile, a double-decker sleeper bus carrying 39 people left Hohhot, in Inner Mongolia, and headed south to Xi'an.
The tanker was rear-ended by the bus at approximately 2:00 a.m. on the Baotou-Maoming motorway in north China.
The tanker was loaded with highly flammable methanol, causing the tanker and bus to explode in flames. Thirty-six people were killed in the crash, partly due to the fact that many of the passengers were sleeping at the time of the explosion. Three people survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries.
Identification of victims.
On 28 August 2012, the Chinese government announced that it had confirmed the identities of twenty-six of those killed, via DNA testing.
Investigation.
Following pictures of safety official Yang Dacai depicting him grinning at the scene of the crash, Chinese officials have launched an investigation into Yang, although Yang said he was simply trying to cheer people. Web users have been outraged at the pictures, and some web users discovered pictures of Yang wearing wrist watches which cost over $40,000, and demanded an investigation into Yang's behavior. However, Yang has said that he "used legal income" to buy these watches. Nonetheless, he was later stripped of all his official duties for "serious wrongdoing" amid reports that officials were also investigating other trails of "wrongdoing."

</doc>
<doc id="36829860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829860" title="Aaptos niger">
Aaptos niger

Aaptos niger is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36829861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829861" title="Joseph Wright (American painter)">
Joseph Wright (American painter)

Joseph Wright (July 16, 1756 – September 13, 1793), born in Bordentown, New Jersey, was a portrait painter who was affiliated with the United States Mint in the late 1700s. It is thought that either he or Henry Voigt designed the Liberty Cap Cent, although most historians and numismatists today credit the design to Wright. He also presumably designed the 1792 Quarter dollar pattern. He was George Washington's original choice for the Chief Engraver of the Mint, but he died before being inducted into the position.
Biography.
His mother, Patience Wright, often regarded as America's first sculptor, ran a wax modeling studio in New York City. In 1772, she moved to London to open a studio & waxworks there. Six years later, in 1775, Joseph, Jr. joined his mother in England and became the first American-born student to matriculate in the Royal Academy of Arts in London, where he studied for 6 years. He won a silver medal for "the best model of an Academy figure" in December 1778. In 1780, he caused a scandal at the Royal Academy by exhibiting a portrait of his mother sculpting a wax head of King Charles II, while busts of King George III & Queen Charlotte looked on.
In 1781, Wright and his mother traveled to Paris. While there, he painted several portraits of Benjamin Franklin. After 7 years in Europe, Wright returned to America in 1782, where he became the first of just two artists to make a plaster mold of George Washington. Thomas Jefferson judged Wright's portrait of Washington very highly. "I have no hesitation in pronouncing Wright's drawing to be a better likeness of the General than Peale's," he wrote in 1795.
Early in his Presidency, Washington and Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson, diligently sought after talented European engravers to design the first United States coins. However, they failed in this endeavor and ultimately decided that Wright would become the unofficial Engraver at the nascent Philadelphia Mint in the second half of 1792. In August, 1793, Joseph was designated as the Mint's "First Draughtsman & Diesinker." Wright was responsible for the design of Liberty Cap designs on both the half and large cents. These designs were based upon the obverse of the Libertas Americana medal on which Wright is believed to have been the designer. Large Cent varieties of 1793 are his creations.
Marriage and death.
On December 5, 1789, Wright married Sarah Vandervoordt in Philadelphia. They had three children, Sarah, Joseph, and Harriet. Wright and his wife both died, most likely as a result of the Yellow Fever Epidemic of 1793.

</doc>
<doc id="36829863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829863" title="Colegio de Sta. Rosa-Makati">
Colegio de Sta. Rosa-Makati

Colegio de Sta. Rosa - Makati simply CSR - Makati is a Catholic school institution of learning, located in Rockwell, Makati in the Philippines. The College traces its roots to Colegio de Sta. Rosa Intramuros. The school was founded 1750 by M. Paula de la Santisima Trinidad, a Dominican Tertiary from Spain. Colegio de Sta. Rosa - Makati aims “to educate and instruct young Christian girls in the tenets of the Catholic faith, proper behavior and skills which a woman needs to know when she occupies her place in society.

</doc>
<doc id="36829870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829870" title="Aaptos nuda">
Aaptos nuda

Aaptos nuda is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="36829879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829879" title="Aaptos papillata">
Aaptos papillata

Aaptos papillata is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="36829884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829884" title="Aaptos pernucleata">
Aaptos pernucleata

Aaptos pernucleata is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="36829894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829894" title="Aaptos suberitoides">
Aaptos suberitoides

Aaptos suberitoides is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="36829900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829900" title="Aaptos rosacea">
Aaptos rosacea

Aaptos rosacea is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36829905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829905" title="Aaptos robustus">
Aaptos robustus

Aaptos robustus is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36829908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829908" title="Aaptos tentum">
Aaptos tentum

Aaptos tentum is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36829918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829918" title="Aaptos vannamei">
Aaptos vannamei

Aaptos vannamei is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="36829935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829935" title="2012–13 Air Force Falcons men's basketball team">
2012–13 Air Force Falcons men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Air Force Falcons men's basketball team represented the Air Force Academy. Lead by head coach Dave Pilipovich who was his 1st full season as a head coach. They played their home games at the Clune Arena on the Air Force Academy's main campus in Colorado Springs, Colorado and were a member of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 18–14, 8–8 in Mountain West play to finish in sixth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Mountain West Tournament to UNLV. They were invited to the 2013 CIT where they defeated Hawaii in the first round before losing in the second round to Weber State.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9 |Exhibition
!colspan=9 | Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 CIT

</doc>
<doc id="36829950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829950" title="Romani people in Austria">
Romani people in Austria

The Romani are an ethnic group that has lived in Austria since the Middle Ages. According to the 2001 census, there were 6,273 Romani in Austria or less than 0.1% of the population. Unofficial estimations count between 10,000 to 25,000. Most Romani in Austria belong to the Sinti sub-group of Romani. 80% of the Romani speak the Sinte Romani dialect of the Romani language.
History.
In the Habsburg Monarchy under Maria Theresa (1740–1780), a series of decrees tried to force the Romanies to permanently settle, removed rights to horse and wagon ownership (1754), renamed them as "New Citizens" and forced Romani boys into military service if they had no trade (1761), forced them to register with the local authorities (1767), and prohibited marriage between Romanies (1773). Her successor Josef II prohibited the wearing of traditional Romani clothing and the use of the Romani language, punishable by flogging.

</doc>
<doc id="36829958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829958" title="Llanfrechfa Grange Hospital">
Llanfrechfa Grange Hospital

Llanfrechfa Grange Hospital is a hospital operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board, located to the east of Cwmbran in the neighbourhood of Llanfrechfa. It has fulfilled a number of roles through its history.
Llanfrechfa Grange was built in the middle of the 19th century by Charles Prothero of malpas. He sold it around 1865 to Francis Johnstone Mitchell.
According to Kelly's Directory of 1901 the Grange was "a large mansion in the Elizabethan style, pleasantly situated in a park of about 30 acres and overlooking the Valley, is the seat of Frank Johnstone Mitchell esq. FSA., DL, JP." The main building is Grade II listed.
"Llanfrechfa Grange" was the name of a GWR 6800 Class locomotive.
Initial hospital use.
In the 1940s there was a nursing home on the site, including maternity services.
From 1953, the Grange provided long term residential accommodation for people with learning disabilities. In the early 1960s it had more than 500 beds, provided in a series of accommodation blocks called villas. It had more than 300 residents in 1983. This role finally finished in 2008 as accommodation in the local communities was commissioned.
Current use.
Llanfrechfa Grange Hospital provides homes for people with learning disabilities who require continuing health care. This care is provided in three on-site villas, with other residents in four homes in the community, where they are supported by a multi-disciplinary team in each of the five local authority boroughs. Each team consists of Learning Disability nurses, Therapists and Medical staff.
There is also a 10-bed Assessment and Treatment Unit which offers a rapid response for clients with learning disabilities who may pose major challenges to community services because of acute emotional/behavioural disturbance and/or mental ill health. Referral to the Unit is via the medical psychiatric team.
The Health Board is working towards the decommissioning of the on-site accommodation in order to provide more appropriate accommodation in the community.
The site is the headquarters of the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board, previously the Gwent Healthcare NHS Trust.
The future.
The site is a candidate for a new centralised critical injury hospital for the district that would take the role from the Royal Gwent Hospital in Newport. Construction is due to commence in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36829966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829966" title="Flavum">
Flavum

Flavum, the Latin word for yellow or blond may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36829986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829986" title="Shamez Uddin Ahmed">
Shamez Uddin Ahmed

Mullah Mu'hammad Shamez-ud'din Ahmed (, Arabic, Urdu:شمݥالدين أحمد in British India, 1913 – 1968 in East Pakistan) was the hereditary Qadi of Natore, seated at Singra Upazila in the erstwhile Indian Empire (and then East Pakistan, and finally present day Bangladesh).
Biography.
Born in the British Empire before the First World War, he was the son of Mullah Muhammad Jasim ud'din Ahmed, who was a relative of Muhammad Foyez ud'din Ahmed, the father of Muhammad Zunaid Ahmed. His paternal line was descended from Mullah Shah Badakhshi and were minor aristocrats (Mullahbare Qadi family); his father, a landowner in Shercole, maintained residences in the Bombay Presidency (near the present day Indian city of Mumbai) and in Darjeeling (then part of Nepal). 
He attended Naogaon K.D. Government High School from where he matriculated in the mid 1930s. He was an only son, and his father died in his youth at 1923, and his mother, Khadeja Khanem was regent during his minority.
Succession.
The title "Mullah" () used by the family was used to show respect to educated Muslim leaders of the clergy. The rulers of Muslim India used the institution of the "Qadi" (), who was given the responsibility for total administrative, judicial and fiscal control over a territory or a town. He would maintain all the civil records as well. 
He would also retain a small army or force to ensure that his rulings are enforced. In most cases, the kazi (qadi) would pass on the title and position to his son, descendent or a very close relative. Over the centuries, this profession became a title within the families, and the power remained within one family in a region. Throughout South Asia, various such families are found who descended through their ancestors and retained the lands and position. Each family is known by the town or city that their ancestors controlled.
Family.
In 1935, he was married to Gulbadan Begum of Natore, the eldest daughter of Jalaluddin Mirza, the Zamindar of Natore. He had four sons and two daughters who survived to adulthood. He died at Rajshahi Medical College in 1968 and is buried in the Singranatore estate next to his wife, and parents. He was succeeded by his oldest son.

</doc>
<doc id="36829998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36829998" title="E. flavum">
E. flavum

E. flavum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36830008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830008" title="Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970">
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970

Title VII, otherwise known as the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970 or New Communities Assistance Program was established to guarantee bonds, debentures, and other financing of private and public new community developers and to provide other development assistance through interest loans and grants, public service grants, and planning assistance.
In raising the ceiling on guarantees for new communities to $500 million, Title VII made truly largescale projects feasible. The program included a number of other provisions that supported planning for urban development and funded new public services. Importantly, the law "significantly expanded the concept of urban renewal to permit acquisition of land which was not blighted, including low utility land, inappropriately used land, marginal land . . . for renewal purposes. This was done primarily to encourage and enable cities to undertake large-scale urban redevelopment projects, in effect, new-towns-in-town."
As a 1973 Urban Land Institute study noted: "A Title VII commitment bestows almost instant credibility on the developer in the financial community, since it legally allies the federal government with the developer. It also reassures the local governments and communities affected of the developer‟s real obligation to meet the planning, development, and environmental standards contained in federal law."

</doc>
<doc id="36830009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830009" title="Nuno Sequeira">
Nuno Sequeira

Nuno Miguel Ribeiro Cruz Jerónimo Sequeira (born 19 August 1990 in Porto) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional as a left defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36830018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830018" title="Stuart by-election, 2006">
Stuart by-election, 2006

A by-election for the seat of Stuart in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly was held on 23 September 2006. The by-election was triggered by the resignation of Labor member Peter Toyne, the Minister for Health, on 29 August 2006 due to ill health. The seat had been held by the Labor Party since 1983, with Toyne as the member since 1996.
The Labor Party selected indigenous policy adviser Karl Hampton as its candidate. The opposition Country Liberal Party endorsed two candidates, while three independents also contested, including the CLP's 2005 candidate Anna Machado. Hampton easily won the by-election.
Results.
§ The combined CLP vote was 20.3%, a decrease of 8.4% from the 2005 result.

</doc>
<doc id="36830033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830033" title="India–Pakistan field hockey rivalry">
India–Pakistan field hockey rivalry

India and Pakistan have played against each other several times in field hockey. They participate in Asian Games, Commonwealth Games, Hockey Asia Cup, Hockey Champions Trophy, Sultan Azlan Shah Cup and Summer Olympic Games.
India and Pakistan have a record of facing each other in the first six Asian games hockey finals. They have played in seven finals against each other out of which Pakistan has won six and India has won one gold. Both nations have played each other from 1956 to 1964 in three successive Olympic Hockey finals. India won gold twice while Pakistan won once. They played in four Asia cup hockey finals against each other. Pakistan won three out of those. Pakistan have a record of winning the first three Asia cup hockey (i.e. 1982, 1985 and 1989) against India in row. Both teams participate in Sultan Azlan Shah hockey which is held every year in Malaysia. India beat Pakistan in the first Asian Hockey Champions Trophy final by 4 - 2 in penalties.
Statistics.
Year wise record of India vs Pakistan Hockey:
The record between India and Pakistan by tournament is:
India v/s Pakistan Test Series.
India and Pakistan have played test series from 1978 to 2006. They played 8 test series in this span out of which Pakistan won 6, India won one and one was draw. Out of 52 matches played Pakistan has won 25, India has won 16 and 11 are draw. The goal aggregation so far is ( Pakistan 124 - 104 India). In 1998 both hosted 4 matches out of which Pakistan won 4, India won 3 and one was draw. The last was played in 2006 with three matches in both nations. Pakistan won the three matches while India won one and two were draw.
Indo-Pak test series of field hockey is expected to restart from 2013 as declared by Hockey India.
The overall results of the test series are:
Champion's Cup.
Hockey India has proposed a club tournament featuring top four domestic sides of both the countries India and Pakistan. This tournament will be called as Champion's Cup.
India v/s Pakistan Major Tournament Matches.
The following table show India vs Pakistan in major tournaments and their finishing in the tournament:
Other Matches.
Other matches played between India and Pakistan are:

</doc>
<doc id="36830034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830034" title="Jean I of Albret">
Jean I of Albret

Jean I of Albret, sire d'Albret (1425–1468) was a viscount of Tartas. 
He was the eldest son of Charles II of Albret, Count of Dreux and of Anne of Armagnac.<br>
As he predeceased his father, he never ruled Albret.
He married Catherine de Rohan (1425–1471), daughter of Alain IX de Rohan and Marguerite de Dreux, dame de Guillac.<br>
They had 3 children : 

</doc>
<doc id="36830035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830035" title="EPM-UNE">
EPM-UNE

EPM-UNE is a Colombian professional cycling team. EPM-UNE participates in the UCI America Tour, which includes races like the 2011, and 2012 USA Pro Cycling Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="36830045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830045" title="Charge at Kaukab">
Charge at Kaukab

The Charge at Kaukab and took place on 30 September 1918 about south of the Damascus during the pursuit by Desert Mounted Corps following the decisive Egyptian Expeditionary Force victory at the Battle of Megiddo and the Battle of Jisr Benat Yakub during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of World War I. As the Australian Mounted Division rode along the main road north, units of the division charged a rearguard position located across the main Nablus to Damascus road on the ridge at Kaukab.
Following the victories at the Battle of Sharon and Battle of Nablus during the Battle of Megiddo, remnants of the Ottoman Seventh and Eighth Armies retreated in columns towards Damascus from the Judean Hills. They left rearguards at Samakh, at Tiberias and at Jisr Benat Yakub all of which were captured by the Australian Mounted Division. Remnants of the Fourth Army retreating in columns towards Damascus along the Pilgrims' Road through Deraa, were pursued by the 4th Cavalry Division which attacked a rearguard at Irbid.
The surviving German and Ottoman garrisons from Samakh and Tiberia, (formed from remnants of the Seventh and Eighth Armies) which had withdrawn from Jisr Benat Yakub with part of the defenders of Damascus, entrenched themselves on the high ground on both sides of the main Jerusalem to Damascus road at Kaukab. Here the 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments charged up and onto the ridge capturing part of the rearguard while the remainder withdrew in disorder as the 5th Light Horse Brigade on the western side outflanked their positions.
Background.
The pursuit to Damascus began on 26 September when the 4th Cavalry Division advanced east via Irbid to Deraa which was captured by Feisal's Sherifial Forces on 27 September. Their pursuit continued with the cavalry's right flank covered by Sherifial forces, north to Damascus away. The Australian Mounted Division with the 5th Cavalry Division in reserve, began their pursuit to Damascus on 27 September around the northern end of the Sea of Galilee, also known as Lake Tiberias, via Jisr Benat Yakub and Kuneitra.
Liman von Sanders and Yildirim Army Group withdraws.
By 26 September the Fourth Army's Amman garrison (less the rearguard captured at Amman) had not been "heavily engaged," and "was still intact as a fighting force even though it was in rapid retreat" north along the Hejaz railway and Pilgrims Road, some miles to the east of the Jordan River, towards Damascus.
Between 6,000 and 7,000 German and Ottoman soldiers remaining from the Ottoman Fourth, Seventh and Eighth Armies had managed to retreat via Tiberias or Deraa, before these places were captured on 25 and 27 September, respectively.
The retreating columns which moved via Deraa were at or north of Muzeirib on their way to Damascus by 27 September. When Mustapha Kemal Pasha, commander of the Seventh Army arrived at Kiswe from Deraa, with his army's leading troops on 29 September, Liman von Sanders ordered him to continue on north of Damascus to Rayak.
By the next morning; 30 September, the leading column of the Fourth Army consisting of an Ottoman cavalry division and some infantry, was approaching Kiswe south of Damascus, followed along the Pilgrims' Road by the 4th Cavalry Division behind.
Australian Mounted Division.
During the cavalry phase of the Battle of Sharon the Australian Mounted Division's 3rd Light Horse Brigade had captured Jenin, the 4th Light Horse Brigade had captured Samakh and during the infantry phase of the Battle of Sharon the 5th Light Horse Brigade had assisted the 60th Division to capture Tulkarm.
Prelude.
The Australian Division orders for 30 September were to secure and hold the Kuneitra area with "a strong force, with headquarters and the bulk of its troops" while Brigadier General L. C. Wilson's 3rd and Brigadier General G. M. M. Onslow's 5th Light Horse Brigades and Bourchier's Force (4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments commanded by Lieutenant Colonel M. W. J. Bourchier) were ordered to continue the advance to the west of Damascus to cut the lines of retreat, west to Beirut and north to Homs.
At dawn Bourchier's Force took over from the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, as the Australian Mounted Division's advanced guard and by 05:00 had passed through the Sa'sa position, while the 5th Light Horse Brigade at Khan esh Shiha, with the 3rd Light Horse Brigade in reserve, rode out at 07:30 having reassembled after the engagement at Sa'sa the previous night. They were ordered to outflank Damascus moving via Qatana north-easterly along the foothills of the Kalabat el Mezze.
The pursuit towards Damascus via Daraya on the road to Damascus, continued with difficulty at first, "through narrow passes with snipers on both sides," before entering a plain when daylight allowed the advance to quickly attack an enemy column from Kaukab. The leading troop of 4th Light Horse Regiment, "broke a disorganized body of the enemy ... cutting off 180 men ... groups of three or four horsemen riding at bodies of Turks ten times their own strength and calling upon them to surrender." The captured 350 prisoners, a field gun, eight machine guns and 400 rifles were collected at Khan esh Sheikh from Kaukab.
After collecting their prisoners, the 4th Light Horse Regiment arrived near Kaukab ridge when patrols found the Nahr Barbar, flowing through a valley to the slopes of Mount Hermon, easily fordable "at almost any place for mounted troops."
Defence of Damascus.
Liman von Sanders ordered the 24th, 26th and 53rd Infantry Divisions, XX Corps Seventh Army and the 3rd Cavalry Division, Army Troops Fourth Army, under the command of Colonel Ismet Bey (commander of the III Corps Seventh Army) to defend Damascus, while the remaining Ottoman formations were ordered to retreat northwards. The Tiberias Group commanded by Jemal Pasha, commander of the Fourth Army was also ordered to defend Damascus.
Defence of Kaukab.
The 4th Light Horse Regiment saw a strong column about long take up a defensive position on Kaukab ridge. They occupied all the commanding places from the western edge of a volcanic ridge stretching eastwards along the high ground. "From the right, a large enemy force appeared and headed across the Australians' front. They then set up a strong line of machine–gun posts ... their line of advance." The Ottoman rearguard had been established on the road from Kuneitra, between Kaukab and Qatana, about south of Damascus and west of Kiswe. Patrols reported no sign of troops to protect the right flank of this new Kaukab position estimated to be 2,500 strong.
Plan of attack.
The 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments of Bourchier's Force with the 19th Brigade RHA in support were to advance straight on while the 5th Light Horse Brigade moved to the west between Artuz and Qatana to Daraya towards El Mezze with the 3rd Light Horse Brigade in Divisional Reserve led by Divisional Headquarters.
Battle.
The 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments (4th Light Horse Brigade) were deployed on the right, while the 14th Light Horse Regiment and the "Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie" (RMMC) (5th Light Horse Brigade) took up a position on the left with the 3rd Light Horse Brigade in the rear; "each in column of squadrons in lines of troop columns." The uncontested advance of the Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie quickly got behind the enemy's right flank; riding "up the valley, swinging westward near 'Artuz to get beyond reach of fire from the high ground at Kaukab."
After A Battery, HAC and the Notts Battery RHA opened effective fire from a hillock from the rearguard line, at 11:15 the 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments charged mounted "with the sword." These two regiments rode across stony ridges and ravines to find protection behind a ridge away, where two squadrons of each regiment drew swords, leaving two squadrons in reserve, and charged up the slope towards the crest of the ridge in artillery formation.
When the 4th Light Horse Regiment on the left and the 12th Light Horse Regiment on the right, charged up the slope, the defenders "broke and fled into the gardens at his rear, a squadron of Turkish cavalry galloping wildly up the road towards Damascus". About 72 prisoners were captured along with 12 machine guns while large numbers of infantry retreated into nearby woods heading for Daraya.
The Ottoman rearguard had been heavily fired on by the two Australian Mounted Division batteries, and would have seen the advance of the Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie to their right rear. From Kaukab, Damascus was away.
Aftermath.
The Australian Mounted Division was ordered to move west of Damascus to block the road to Beirut and the road north to Homs. During the afternoon a redoubt defended by machine guns on the road to Damascus was attacked and captured, and refugees retreating from Damascus towards Beirut were attacked.
The Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie (5th Light Horse Brigade) continued their advance from Kaukab, riding on to the Baniyas to Damascus road beyond Qatana, and on to the southwest of El Mezze where they were heavily fired on by machine guns. The regiment dismounted to attack the position "in a narrow corridor between the enclosed gardens on the right and the hills of the Anti-Lebanon on the left," with one squadron of the 14th Light Horse Regiment following. The French regiment slowly fought their way along the Qalabat el Mezze ridge which runs parallel with the Baniyas to Damascus road, until horse artillery batteries advanced up the main road at 13:00 and commenced firing on the enemy position which silenced them.
Barda Gorge.
The 5th Light Horse Brigade advanced north westwards towards the Beirut road, closely followed by the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, the latter with orders to continue round to the north of the city to block the Damascus to Homs road, but the precipitous cliffs of the Barada gorge blocked their way.
The fast flowing Abana River cascaded between banks overgrown with trees and bushes along the Barda gorge also called the Abana Pass. Along the floor of the gorge ran the main road and railway line to Beirut, which cross and re–cross the "tumbling stream" on their way out of Damascus to Beirut, with high cliffs of the desert on either side. A column many miles long crowded into the deep, narrow gorge, less than across.
The 3rd and 5th Light Horse Brigades opened fire on the leading section of the column, causing large numbers of casualties, while those in the rear of the column retreated back to Damascus. Return fire by German machine gunners on top of "motor wagons and lorries, fought to the death; 370 men were killed, and fell among the dead and dying horses in the wild tumult of chaotic column."
5th Light Horse Brigade.
Following the capture by the Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie of the El Mezze position, Commandant Lebon was ordered at 15:00 to continue his regiment's advance to cut off the line of retreat towards Baalbek.
While the 5th Light Horse Brigade's 14th Light Horse Regiment advance took them along lower ground, the Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie reached the clifftops overlooking the Barda Gorge, west of Er Rabue soon after 16:30; an hour before sunset. Six machine guns of the 2nd New Zealand Machine Gun Squadron opened fire from the height on the front of the retreating column in the gorge. Those who turned back; about 4,000, were captured by the 14th Light Horse Regiment. Another six machine guns of the 5th Light Horse Brigade squadron reached the Barda Gorge higher up to the southeast of El Hame also firing on the retreating columns.
3rd Light Horse Brigade.
The leading squadron of the 9th Light Horse Regiment, arrived shortly after the Régiment Mixte de Marche de Cavalerie about to the west of their position "at a point above the Barda Gorge overlooking the village of Dummar." From here they also fired on the retreating columns.
Position of Desert Mounted Corps.
By midnight on 30 September/1 October, the Australian Mounted Division was at El Mezze to the west of Damascus, the 5th Cavalry Division was at Kaukab to the south of the city and the 4th Cavalry Division was at Zeraqiye 34 miles (55 km) from Damascus on the Pilgrims' Road with the 11th Cavalry Brigade at Khan Deinun and the Arab Sherifial forces north east of Ashrafiye. Chauvel ordered the 5th Cavalry Division to move to the east of Damascus while the 4th Cavalry Division continued their advance from the south. Next morning, 1 October, Damascus was captured.

</doc>
<doc id="36830048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830048" title="Team Exergy">
Team Exergy

Team Exergy is a professional cycling team, classified as a Continental pro team as of 2009. They participated in the 2011 and 2012 USA Pro Cycling Challenge. Former Tour de France rider Fred Rodriguez is a member of the 2012 team.
On 29 November 2012, it was announced that Exergy Development Group would drop its sponsorship of cycling for 2013, citing the doping scandals that had occurred recently, namely the USADA doping investigation of Lance Armstrong and the cycling team.

</doc>
<doc id="36830052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830052" title="Anis Birou">
Anis Birou

Anis Birou ( – born 10 January 1962, Berkane) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents. Between 2007 and 2012, he held the position of Secretary of State for Crafts in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. He holds a degree in statistics engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="36830053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830053" title="Taylor, Wordsworth and Co">
Taylor, Wordsworth and Co

Taylor Wordsworth and Co was one of the leading producers of machinery for the flax, wool and worsted industries in Leeds, Yorkshire during the British Industrial Revolution. It was established in 1812 and survived until it was taken over in the 1930s.
Early Years.
The company was established in 1812, by Joseph Taylor, Joshua Wordsworth and Nathaniel Marshall. They had previously been employed by the brothers, Joseph and William Drabble, as workmen at a machine-making factory, Midland Mills, in Water Lane, Leeds. Midland Mills had originally been built for John Jubb, probably the same as the John Jubb who had married a Sarah Drabble in Doncaster in 1774. On 7 November 1812 a notice in the local paper, the "Leeds Mercury", announced that ‘Messrs Taylor, Wordsworth and Marshall, Flax Tow and Worsted Machine-Makers (late Workmen to Mr William Drabble) … have engaged a Commodious Place in Holbeck, where they intend carrying on the above business in all its branches’. On 19 December 1812 the "Mercury" reported that William Drabble had been declared bankrupt, and advertised all his factory machinery and household furniture for sale by auction. In May 1813 his premises in Water Lane - a factory three stories high, a warehouse and a building used as a saw pit - were up for sale. In June 1814, ‘Messrs Taylor, Wordsworth and Marshall’ placed an announcement in the "Mercury", announcing that they were moving into the Drabbles’ former premises and advertising for workers.
Taylor and Wordsworth both married Drabble girls – Wordsworth had married a Martha Drabble in Tankersley, near Barnsley, in 1803 while Taylor had married a Hannah Drabble in Leeds in 1805; then, following the death of the first Martha in 1810, Wordsworth had married another Martha Drabble in Leeds in 1811. 
The early 1800s were an important time for the company. The industrialisation of the cotton industry had begun in the eighteenth century, but in the cloth industry it was only just getting under way. Most cloth was still produced in the workers' own homes. Most machinery was still made of wood, and was hand-operated and clumsy. While Taylor’s marriage entry from 1805 gave his occupation as ‘Mechanic’, Wordsworth’s, from 1811, showed him as ‘Carpenter’. It was the advent of steam power that would transform the prospects of machine makers such as Taylor and Wordsworth.
Growth.
Nathaniel Marshall left the partnership in 1816. One year later, a local Directory gave the firm’s name simply as Taylor and Wordsworth, and described it as ‘flax, woolen and worsted machine makers and manufacturers of patent axle trees’. The same Directory for 1822 for the first time called the firm ‘Taylor Wordsworth and Co’, and added ‘and brass founders’ to the list of its activities; and in 1826, ‘brass and iron founders’. At some point the firm branched out into spinning: the "Mercury" of 19 May 1821 recorded that it had been awarded a prize at a dinner in London for 'spinning the best 6 gross of worsted yarn of British Merino wool. But this seems to have been short-lived; later trade directories make no mention of spinning. Another partner in the firm, Benjamin Mallinson, left in 1824. The notice of his departure refers to worsted spinning; so it may be that this was Mallinson’s trade, which the firm was not continuing. 
Holbeck been a country area outside Leeds - 'a detached village chiefly inhabited by clothiers, with an interval of many pleasant fields planted about with tall poplars, by which it was separated from the town'. Land records for the period 1819-1824 show Taylor and Wordsworth buying up farming land; some was bought from a cattle dealer, other plots had names such as ‘Ox Close’, ‘Parson's Close’ or were described as ‘arable meadows and pasture ground’. 
Although Joseph Taylor appears always to have been the senior partner, he is a shadowy figure, with few records surviving to show how he contributed to the firm’s success. Joshua Wordsworth appears to have been the engineering part of the partnership. He was granted a string of patents for improvements to machinery for spinning, and for heckling and dressing flax. By 1831, Taylor Wordsworth and Co employed about 100 householders, described as the ‘highest class of mechanics’. They also produced machines to the designs of other inventors: in a court case in January 1836, Joshua Wordsworth noted that Taylor Wordsworth and Co had made ‘a great many of Mr Kay’s machines; I suppose some hundreds’, and they were also known to produce woolcombs in conjunction with Samuel Lister of Manningham, Bradford. The firm had a ready market for their machinery on their doorstep, in the shape of Marshall's Mill, owned by the leading industrialist, John Marshall, who went on to build another big flax mill, Temple Works in Holbeck in 1836. The two firms appear to have become close, to the point where, by August 1844, they organised a joint ‘away weekend’ in Liverpool for their workers, a prospect which caused even the editor of the normally liberal "Leeds Mercury" some concern: 
‘Entirely approving of excursions for the working class, and with the kindest feelings towards the workmen of Messrs Marshall and Messrs Taylor and Wordsworth, we would express our earnest hope that the Sunday spent in Liverpool may not in any respect be spent in a manner unbecoming the day, and that every prudential care will be exercised to keep the younger hands under the guardianship of the more experienced, so that no moral harm may result from an excursion calculated otherwise to be so agreeable and improving. There are many excellent men among the above bodies of workmen, and great responsibility will rest upon them for the issue of this new and somewhat doubtful experiment, of a large body of people being away from home on the Sabbath, and on two whole nights.’
Taylor Wordsworth and Co was, inevitably, caught up in the tensions caused by the rapid pace of economic and social change. Chartism had led frustrated and desperate workers into violence. The Chartist newspaper, "Northern Star", of 20 August 1842 described a protest in Water Lane in Holbeck: 
‘About five o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, a large body of people marched down Meadow-lane road from Holbeck, and effected an entrance into Messrs. Marshall's mills. They stopped the engines at Messrs. Benyon's mill, and all the hands turned out with apparent universal exultation … they proceeded to the shops of Messrs. Maclea and Marsh, where a number entered by the watch-house door, and opened the large gates. Immediately the yard was filled, the engine stopped, the bell rung, and as the men were turning out, the mob began to leave the yard. At this instant, Mr. Read, chief-constable, rode into the yard amongst them; he was quickly dismounted, but beat off the mob with his stick. 
A general rush was made to the gates, and when the greater part had effected their exit, a large body of police arrived, and closed the gates, thus securing a number of prisoners. The people seeing only a few policemen, made an attack upon them with sticks, bludgeons, and stones, but were eventually compelled to fall back without again getting possession of the yard. The volley of stones poured upon the police was terrific for a short time … About four o'clock the riot act was read, and two pieces of artillery were paraded into Holbeck. Between thirty and forty prisoners were taken …’
This was the end of Chartist activity in Leeds. As the "Northern Star" put it: 
‘…Leeds is just as tranquil as though no Strike had ever been, and as though no ‘yeos’, ‘blues’ or bayonetteers had been imported…The bells ring and the shops open, and mill tyranny goes on, and those who have any employment go to it, and those who have none starve quietly and patiently in the streets…’.
But the economic situation remained difficult for the manufacturers too. The "Leeds Mercury" in the late 1830s and early 1840s carried many public notices of auctions of the equipment of bankrupt firms, which showed that they had been using – and so were now dumping on the second-hand market – machinery made by Taylor Wordsworth and Co, among others. Wordsworth was one of six machine-makers who were reported by the "Mercury" to have gone to London in February 1843, to the Board of Trade, to ask Lord Ripon for the law to be changed to allow the export of English-made flax and tow machines – in view of ‘the depressed state of the trade in that important branch of manufacturing industry’. This was a complete turn-around in the manufacturers' position; in January 1827 Taylor Wordsworth and Co had joined many other Leeds manufacturers in publicly lobbying against a planned Bill to legalise the export of machinery, noting that 'great Danger may accrue to the Manufacturing Interests of the Kingdom if such Bill passed into a Law'. Times were hard. A 'calamitous fire' at the company's works in February 1844 didn't help; but the firm had invested in a Leeds Water Works Company 'Fire Plug' (an early sort of hydrant, located in the factory), which averted complete disaster and which the company warmly recommended to others in the newspaper's account. Joshua Wordsworth had been appointed a Director of the Leeds Water Works in 1841.
In parallel, many manufacturers, including Joshua Wordsworth, were pressing for the repeal of the Corn Laws, to allow the import of cheap foreign grain which would lower the price of bread and permit them to cut wages. The "Mercury" reported in detail on their pro-Repeal activities. In February 1839 it recorded that the workers of Taylor Wordsworth and Co had subscribed £3 to support the Leeds Anti-Corn Law Association; in January 1846 it recorded that Leeds had contributed over £9000 to the ‘Quarter of a Million League Fund’, in support of repeal; Taylor, Wordsworth and Co had contributed £100 (around £5000 in today’s money). When Repeal finally came, in June 1846, the management of Taylor Wordsworth and Co organised a celebration, reported by the "Leeds Mercury":
‘In Leeds, as soon as the intelligence arrived, a salute of 21 guns was fired at the establishment of Messrs Kitson, Thompson and Hewitson, engineers, Hunslet-lane, and all the men immediately turned out and gave three hearty cheers in expression of their joy. Cannon were also fired at several other establishments up to a late hour last night; and at two o’clock the bells of the Parish Church struck up a merry peal. Messrs Taylor, Wordsworth and Co, machine makers, Holbeck, had a large loaf, an indication of the poor man’s loaf, and a flag with the inscription “Free Traders of Holbeck,” exhibited on the top of their works. They also had a large number of cannon firing during the day; and all their workmen are, we are informed, to have a dinner to-day, at two o’clock, previous to which cannon will again be fired’.
The company’s prosperity enabled its two founders to develop other interests. A short biography of Joseph Taylor recorded that he was a ‘munificent benefactor’ to the causes of religion, education and public charities. Joshua Wordsworth, responding to the public enthusiasm for hydropathy, or hydrotherapy, bought a cold water bath, St Magnus Well, in Harrogate, which he developed by building a large lodging house and bathing rooms. He was also a founding investor in, and later a Director of, the Leeds and Thirsk Railway, which was to be built to join Leeds and Harrogate and link them to the GNER main line. And his Will shows that, in addition to many other legacies to his family and partners in Leeds, he also left the sum of £1500 to carry on the business of spinning yarns and manufacturing linens ‘at or near Barnsley … with my present partners’.
The Deaths of the Founders, Take-over and Closure.
Wordsworth died in 1846: an account of his funeral in the "Leeds Mercury" of 8 August 1846 noted that it was attended by a large procession of the workpeople of the firm, and that Wordsworth had been ‘a gentleman of great worth and generosity, and zealous in his attachment to Liberal politics’. Taylor died in 1848.
The company continued to prosper after its founders’ deaths. The 1851 census recorded 255 men and 109 boys working in the factory. In 1852, a notice in the London Gazette announced that Joshua Wordsworth's lawyer, James William Hamilton Richardson, was withdrawing from the partnership, leaving Joshua Taylor Wordsworth (1826-1895, Joshua Wordsworth's only surviving son) and two others, John Whitehead and John Pollard, to carry on the business. In 1856, Joshua Taylor Wordsworth also withdrew; the remaining partners were listed as John Whitehead, John Pollard, Thomas Whitehead, Benjamin Mallinson Pollard and Henry Walton Whitehead. 
By 1888, the works are recorded as covering an area of over three acres. The account notes that:
‘…the premises consist of a number of substantial buildings, mostly four stories in height, and regularly grouped according to the branch of the machine-making department to which such building is allotted. The firm make every description of machinery that is used in the woolen, silk, and flax manufacturing, and in the dyeing and finishing trades, and they have been awarded several gold medals where their machines have been exhibited for the superiority and finish of the machinery’.
But in the 1930s Taylor, Wordsworth and Co was taken over by Platt Brothers. Production continued on the site for many years, but finally the works fell victim to Platts' “group rationalisation plans”. Closure was announced in May 1967, and much of the production was transferred to two other Platts works at Keighley. Midland Mills finally closed in 1981 – the last survivor of the Leeds textile industry. Some of the buildings, however, survive; and as part of the new Holbeck Urban Village project now enjoy protection and a new lease of life.

</doc>
<doc id="36830058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830058" title="Christopher Brooke (disambiguation)">
Christopher Brooke (disambiguation)

Christopher Brooke (died 1628) was an English poet, lawyer and politician.
Christopher Brooke may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36830059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830059" title="Katherine by-election, 2003">
Katherine by-election, 2003

A by-election for the seat of Katherine in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly was held on 4 October 2003. The by-election was triggered by the resignation of Country Liberal Party (CLP) member Mike Reed, a former Deputy Chief Minister. The seat had been held by Reed since its creation in 1987.
The CLP selected Fay Miller, the owner of Red Gum Tourist Park, as its candidate. The Labor candidate was Sharon Hillen, while three independent candidates contested, including the mayor of Katherine, Jim Forscutt.
Results.
Preferences were not counted to completion at the 2001 election, so no two-party preferred swing figures are available.

</doc>
<doc id="36830072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830072" title="Tiago Rodrigues">
Tiago Rodrigues

Tiago Filipe Sousa Nóbrega Rodrigues (born 29 January 1992) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. on loan from F.C. Porto as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Vila Real, Rodrigues played youth football with three clubs, including Sporting Clube de Portugal and Vitória de Guimarães. Loaned by the latter he made his senior debuts with Amarante FC, in the third division.
Returned to the Minho side for 2012–13, Rodrigues initially represented both the A and B-teams, the latter competing in the second level. He made his top flight debut for the former on 21 September 2012, playing 45 minutes in a 1–0 away win against Moreirense FC, and also featured the full 90 minutes in the season's Portuguese Cup final, a 2–1 win against S.L. Benfica which was Vitória's first-ever win in the tournament.
On 16 April 2013, before the campaign was over, Rodrigues agreed to join league powerhouse F.C. Porto on 1 July, moving alongside teammate Ricardo.

</doc>
<doc id="36830100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830100" title="Central Valley High School (Ceres, California)">
Central Valley High School (Ceres, California)

Central Valley High School is located in the city of Ceres, California, which is located in the central San Joaquin Valley, 80 miles south of Sacramento and 95 miles east of San Francisco, in the heart of Stanislaus County. Once an agriculturally based community, now most jobs are in manufacturing, retail trade, and social services. An increasing number of residents commute to jobs in the Greater Bay Area.
History.
Central Valley High School is one of two traditional high school in the district. Built in 2004, it is fed by three junior high schools and seven elementary schools. The ethnic trend of increased numbers of Hispanic students continues, with 72.0% of students Hispanic, 18.0% White, 3.0% African-American, 1.0% American Indian, 5.0% Asian-American, 1.0% Pacific Islander, and 1.0% Filipino-American. The number of students qualifying for free or reduced lunch is 76.0%. 23.0% of the students are English learners. 4% of the students in the school are GATE students. The school is rated a 5 out of 10 for all schools in California. However, in schools similar to Central Valley High, the school is rated a 10 out of 10.
The Central Valley High School (CVHS) campus includes an agricultural technology shop, a newly built science wing (2011), soccer fields, tennis courts, multi-purpose room/cafeteria, a large capacity gymnasium and an administration building. CVHS students currently enjoy great features of this campus, that include: the latest technology for students in the computer labs and science classes, a state-of-the-art gymnasium with a sound system that rivals those at large stadiums, tennis courts and athletic facilities that are second to none in the area and a cafeteria that contains the largest refrigerators imaginable.
The CVHS library is a state-of-the-art facility that provides students a great place to study and learn. Recently, the library acquired comfortable oversized chairs for students to enjoy when seeking a quiet reading experience. A display case for student art work has been installed with plans to expand the display of student art work to the walls.
This modern library also provides students a large area for study that can accommodate over 70 students. 16 computers and 4 online catalogues give students convenient access to books in the library by title, subject or topic. The students also have access to color and black/white printers and a designated color copy machine. Future plans include, the addition of college pendants to hang from the ceiling representing the colleges graduating students attend.
Starting the 2012 – 2013 school year, Central Valley High School students began attending classes in a new two-story 16 classroom addition to the existing instructional wing. Science and technology are the focused areas of instruction for this addition. Science labs are designed to provide students with hands-on learning experiences through the use of high-tech equipment and materials. This instructional wing is located on the north side of the cam¬pus, adjacent to the existing library building. Students and staff are able to access the building from the library or through exterior entrances.
2012 stabbing incident.
On January 10, 2012, a 14 year old student stabbed another 15 year old student in the abdomen during the schools lunch period Both students were associated with known gangs in the area and the incident was reported to be gang related. The 14 year old was booked into Juvenile Hall and charged with Attempted Murder and the 15 year old injured student was taken to a local hospital where he underwent surgery. 

</doc>
<doc id="36830104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830104" title="Ricardo Miguel Martins Alves">
Ricardo Miguel Martins Alves

Ricardo Miguel Martins Alves (born 9 May 1991 in Vila Nova de Cerveira, Viana do Castelo) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Concordia Chiajna as a central defender.
Football career.
In the first match of the 2012–13 Segunda Liga season against Leixões on the 12 August, he made his professional league debut when he started and played the full game.

</doc>
<doc id="36830134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830134" title="André Francisco Bruno Ferreira">
André Francisco Bruno Ferreira

André Francisco Bruno Ferreira (born 15 June 1990) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo B, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36830152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830152" title="João André Ribeiro Vieira">
João André Ribeiro Vieira

João André Ribeiro Vieira (born 19 December 1991) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo B, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36830160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830160" title="Infestdead Records">
Infestdead Records

Infestdead Records is an independent record label from India, and the first metal record label from Northeast India. The label was founded in 2012 by Rik Yeun of Unholy Maunder.
Music.
The label released "Sons of Malice" (2012) by the British NWOBHM band Savage, exclusively in India.
Current personnel.
"(Last updated: August 2012)"

</doc>
<doc id="36830166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830166" title="Wayne Hampson">
Wayne Hampson

Wayne Hampson (born 23 August 1957) is a former professional tennis player from Australia.
Career.
Hampson competed in the main singles draw of the Australian Open three times and Wimbledon twice, without managing to register a win. The closest he got was at the 1982 Australian Open, where he received a first round bye, before a five set loss in the second round to Eric Sherbeck, the last decided in a tiebreak. He had more success in the doubles, making the third round at the 1982 Australian Open (with Broderick Dyke) and the 1983 Wimbledon Championships (with Chris Johnstone).
He was a doubles finalist at the 1982 Melbourne Indoor tournament, the 1982 South Australian Open and the 1984 Lorraine Open, but lost them all. On the singles circuit, Hampson had his best performance in 1980, making a quarter-final appearance in Perth. He had a win over Kim Warwick at the Sydney Outdoor in 1981 and beat John Alexander en route to the round of 16 at Queen's in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36830171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830171" title="João Prietos">
João Prietos

João Alexandre Martins Prietos (born 25 June 1992) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.S. Marítimo B, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36830178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830178" title="Hồ Hán Thương">
Hồ Hán Thương

Hồ Hán Thương was the second and final king of the short lived Hồ dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="36830201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830201" title="Hồ Nguyên Trừng">
Hồ Nguyên Trừng

Hồ Nguyên Trừng (chữ Hán: 胡元澄, 1374? - 1446?) was a Vietnamese scholar, statesman and engineer in exile in China. He was the oldest son of Hồ Quý Ly (1336–1407) and older brother of Hồ Hán Thương. Under the pen-name Nam Ông (南翁, Uncle from Vietnam), he wrote the Nam Ông mộng lục (Hán tự: 南翁夢錄, literally Dream Memoir of Nam Ông).
Trung played a role in the Ming-Ho war where he led the army of Dai Ngu as well as invented various new types of weapons for Dai Ngu military. He's considered to be an innovator of firearms. His famous inventions including early version of "Eruptor" cannon which later adopted by Ming dynasty and many decked war vessels. After the fall of Dai Ngu dynasty,Ho Nguyen Trung was captured by the Ming emperor and forced to teach the Chinese how to cast cannons.

</doc>
<doc id="36830216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830216" title="Mann House (Forrest City, Arkansas)">
Mann House (Forrest City, Arkansas)

The Mann House in Forrest City in St. Francis County, Arkansas, United States is an example of Colonial Revival architecture designed in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The private residence located at 422 Forrest Street was designed by Charles L. Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="36830255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830255" title="Albert Wiggins">
Albert Wiggins

Albert Marcus Wiggins, Jr. (May 27, 1935 – June 1, 2011) was the first American swimmer to win Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) championships in three strokes: butterly, backstroke and freestyle. He set four world records in the 100-meter and 100-yard butterfly and in total won eight AAU titles. He also participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics and finished seventh in the 100-meter backstroke event. Although he was recognized as a world top medley swimmer, this event became Olympic only in 1964.
Biography.
Wiggins was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of vice-president of Westinghouse Air Brake Company. He attended the Allderdice High School and then the Ohio State University where he trained under the 1952 Olympic coach Mike Peppe. Although he was tall and well built, Wiggins was shortsighted from young age and wore glasses; he therefore avoided sports requiring physical contact and chose swimming instead. He started training at a club at age 13. Although he was interested in backstroke, this discipline was then dominated by Yoshi Oyakawa, which led Wiggins to explore other styles. 
Wiggins retired from competitions at age 22 to pursue a career in law, and, after graduating from the Harvard Law School, returned to Pittsburgh to work at Reed Smith Shaw & McClay. He was married, but divorced in the early 1970s and remarried Hollis Wiggins, a colleague from Reed Smith Shaw & McClay. The couple established a private firm and worked in the field of tax and estate law. Wiggins retired from practicing law in 2001. He continued to swim through most of his life, mostly in his private pool, but avoided masters competitions, as he had no time for serious preparation and would not participate for leisure. He died in Pittsburgh, aged 76, from a tear in the aorta after a morning swim. He was survived by his wife, sister Marge Hanley, and three children: daughters Susan Wiggins and Rhiana Wiggins from the first marriage, and son David from the second marriage.
In 1994, Wiggins was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame as an "Honor Swimmer."

</doc>
<doc id="36830268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830268" title="Yaghoub Ali Shourvarzi">
Yaghoub Ali Shourvarzi

Yaghoub Ali Shourvarzi (, born August 27, 1923 in Neishabour, Iran) was a former Iranian wrestler who competed at the 1959 FILA Wrestling World Championships and 1960 Summer Olympics where he finished 6th.

</doc>
<doc id="36830287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830287" title="Taalgaon">
Taalgaon

Taalgaon / Talgaon is one of the Village in Fatehpur Mandal in Barabanki District in Uttar Pradesh State. Taalgaon is 33.6 km far from its district Main City Barabanki. It is 44 km far from its state main city Lucknow.
The name Taalgaon means village of lakes/ponds.
Taalgaon Pin Code is 225407 and Post office name is Meermau, Rudauli. 

</doc>
<doc id="36830295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830295" title="Roderic O'Connor (horse)">
Roderic O'Connor (horse)

Roderic O'Connor (foaled 4 April 2008) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the Criterium International as a two-year-old and the Irish 2000 Guineas as a three-year-old. He is owned by Mrs John Magnier and was trained by Aidan O'Brien. He now stands as a stallion at Ballyhane Stud.
Breeding.
Roderic O'Connor is the son of Galileo, who won the Epsom Derby, Irish Derby and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and multiple Champion sire. Galileo's sire was Sadler's Wells, winner of the Eclipse Stakes and Irish Champion Stakes and multiple Champion sire. Roderic O'Connor's dam, Secret Garden won twice, including a listed race. Secret Garden's sire was Danehill, winner of the Sprint Cup and Champion sire.
Racing career.
2010: two-year-old season.
Roderic O'Connor finished third on his racecourse debut when starting at 20/1 for a seven furlong maiden at Leopardstown. He then won a maiden race at the Curragh, beating Master of Hounds by 2½ lengths. In the Dewhurst Stakes he took on Frankel and Dream Ahead. Starting as the 25/1 outsider he finished second, 2¼ lengths behind Frankel. In his final start as a two-year-old he travelled to France for the Criterium International. He started the race the 5/2 second favourite and was ridden by Johnny Murtagh. He was ridden prominently during the early stages of the race and then quickened clear in the finishing straight. In the closing stages he drifted first left and then right, but he ran on again to win by 1½ lengths from Salto.
2011: three-year-old-season.
He started his three-year-old season 2000 Guineas and was amongst the favourites. Dewhurst winner Frankel was the hot favourite at 1/2, then came Roderic O'Connor and National Stakes winner Pathfork at 8/1. Racing Post Trophy winner Casamento started at 11/1. Frankel pulled away in the opening stages of the race and was never caught. Ridden by Ryan Moore, Roderic O'Connor was near the front of the chasing group, but faded with three furlongs still to run. He finished 38 lengths behind the winner in eleventh. Roderic O'Connor then took on 2000 Guineas runner-up Dubawi Gold in the Irish 2000 Guineas. Under Joseph O'Brien (son of trainer Aidan O'Brien) he led from the start. Dubawi Gold closed in the final stages of the race, but could not catch him and Roderic O'Connor went on to win by ¾ length. This was Joseph O'Brien's first Group 1 win. He then finished eighth in the Prix du Jockey Club, sixth in the Irish Derby and fifth in the Irish Champion Stakes.
Assessment.
He was officially rated as the 136th best horse in the world in 2011.
Stud career.
At the end of the 2011 season Roderic O'Connor was retired to stud. He stands as a stallion at Ballyhane Stud and also as a shuttle stallion in Brazil during the 2012 season. His 2012 stud fee is €9,000.
Pedigree.
"Note: b. = Bay, br. = Brown", ch. = Chestnut

</doc>
<doc id="36830341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830341" title="Abolghasem Sakhdari">
Abolghasem Sakhdari

Abolghasem Sakhdari (, born in Neishabour, Iran) was a former Iranian wrestler who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics where he finished 5th.

</doc>
<doc id="36830345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830345" title="CDS Consulting Co-op">
CDS Consulting Co-op

Founded in 2006, the CDS Consulting Cooperative is a shared services cooperative made up of independent co-op development specialists.

</doc>
<doc id="36830375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830375" title="International Community School Amman">
International Community School Amman

The International Community School (ICS) is an international school in Jordan.
It opened its doors in 1954 in a building at Marka airport as a primary school established to serve the children of the British Military based in Amman. It relocated to Wasfi Al Tal Street, Khalda to cater for the growing expatriate community in Jordan's capital. The primary school further expanded with the addition of the secondary school in 1999.
It is an independent, private and non-profit organisation and is led and managed along the lines of a British school. The Principal oversees a Senior Management Team consisting of the Heads of Primary and Secondary who in turn are supported by a number of deputies and other senior teachers or unit leaders. The teaching staff maintains a balance 
between local and overseas appointments with the majority being British-trained and qualified. 
ICS follows the National Curriculum for England and Wales. The school is a member of the British Schools in the Middle East (BSME). ICS currently has students from over 50 nationalities between the age range 3-18. It introduced school uniforms in 2007. This cosmopolitan mix is fundamental to the development of the unique atmosphere of the ICS, a quality commented on in its last inspection by an OFSTED team from the UK (OFSTED is the acronym for the Office for Standards in Education).
In September 2009 the school moved to purpose built premises in the outskirts of Amman, Um Al Basatin, Naur Area. These new premises offer facilities in many specialist areas such as Music, Drama, Science and ICT as well as purpose built facilities for Nursery and Reception aged children and a new Sixth form suite. The school offers an all-through British based education to children from the age of 3 to 18 delivered by a largely British trained and qualified staff. The curriculum is taught in line with the English National Curriculum leading to IGCSEs and GCSEs in Year 10 and 11 through to AS and A levels in Year 13.
A choice of Additional English, Arabic or French is introduced as part of the curriculum from Year 1 onwards. Wherever possible, use is made of the local environment though field trips and outings. Each term a broad range of extra curricular activities is offered to help the students develop a wide range of interests and a healthy zest for life. Parental involvement in the school is encouraged, with a range of activities being arranged for families and staff. 
'The International Community School's mission is to provide the highest quality British based education to the international community in Jordan, striving for excellence and achievement in all fields in a caring, diverse and inclusive environment.
The ICS Community:
As a Community School acts as the hub of its community by engaging community resources to offer a range of on-site programs and services that support the success of students and their families. Community Schools focus not only on the development of the child from the shoulders up, but rather on the development of the child as a whole, developing the academic, social and psychological aspects of each and every child. Each individual child is given the opportunity to excel, not purely through academic learning but through the exposure to different cultures, experiences and interactive learning skills. This is the basis of the ICS in Jordan. Through engaging the community as a whole, there is improved student learning, stronger families and healthier communities. Though every community school looks slightly different, it is developed through mutually beneficial partnerships with students, families, community agencies, businesses, and residents that are unique to that community.
Examination Boards
The ICS delivers a curriculum which concludes with external exams provided by two well established UK examination boards: Edexcel and Cambridge International Examinations (CIE).
School Year: English style year (September to July), divided into terms and half terms. Holidays from the Western Calendar; Jordanian Islamic and Public holidays; Eastern Orthodox Easter
Primary School
The Primary School caters for children from 3–11 years of age and has around 300 children. There is one Nursery class of 21 and then two evenly balanced classes of 25 in each age group from Reception to Year 6
Secondary School
The Secondary School caters for students from 11–18 years of age and currently has around 225 students enrolled. There is a natural progression from Primary School into Secondary but this is not exclusive. ICS pride's itself on being a community school for national and international students; our doors are open to resident families and those who have recently arrived in Jordan.
The Secondary School is growing and its aim is to move towards every year group having three form classes with no more than 20 students in each. The curriculum is organised, lead and managed along the lines of a British School and the UK National Curriculum is taught. This follows through from the Primary School and enables students to sit International General Certificates in Education in Year 11 (aged 16), moving to General Certificates in Education (Advanced level examinations) in Years 12 and 13. 
Houses
Pupils at the school are divided into the following Houses:
School Hours: 7:45- 1:00, 2:10 or 3:10 (secondary) (staggered one hour earlier in lower years)
Fees Per Annum:
Nursery: US$ 5,586
Reception: US$ 7,039
Key Stage 1: US$ 9,921
Key Stage 2: US$ 10,825
Key Stage 3: US$ 13,169
Key Stage 4: US$ 15,551
Key Stage 5: US$ 17,535

</doc>
<doc id="36830376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830376" title="Chiang Rung">
Chiang Rung

Chiang Rung may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36830379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830379" title="Avadi railway station">
Avadi railway station

Avadi railway station is one of the major railway termini of the Chennai Central–Arakkonam section of the Chennai Suburban Railway Network. It serves the neighbourhood of Avadi, a suburb of Chennai located 23 km west of the city centre. It is situated at Tirumalairajapuram in Avadi, with an elevation of 26.85 m above sea level.
According to a railway release in 2008, there are plans to develop Avadi station as a coaching terminal (satellite terminal) for Chennai Central railway station, on the lines of Tambaram station being developed as a terminal for Egmore railway station.
History.
The first lines in the station were electrified on 29 November 1979, with the electrification of the Chennai Central–Tiruvallur section. The EMU car shed lines at Avadi were electrified on 1 February 1980. Additional lines at the station were electrified on 2 October 1986, with the electrification of the Villivakkam–Avadi section.
Layout.
The station has six tracks, including two loop lines, and has four platforms. The first platform is a side platform housing the station's entrance and the ticket counter, and the second and third are part of an island platform. The fourth platform borders the northern end of the station and is the longest of all the platforms. The platforms are connected by means of a footbridge.
As of 2013, the station handles about 40,000 passengers a day.
Developments.
Avadi is one of the railway stations in the Chennai Suburban Railway network that are being developed as Adarsh stations.

</doc>
<doc id="36830389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830389" title="Digital Ocean">
Digital Ocean

Digital Ocean, Inc., was a maker of wireless products from 1992 to 1998, when it was bought by Harris Semiconductor and its assets made part of Harris's Intersil Division, which was spun off in 1999 into Intersil Corporation.
The company was founded in May 1992 by Jeffery Alholm and headquartered in Lenexa, Kansas. Several contracts with Apple Inc., AT&T, Aironet Wireless Communications (later acquired by Cisco as its wireless LAN division), Harris Semiconductor, the United States Department of Defense, and several others made Digital Ocean the leader in developing and manufacturing state-of-the-art wireless products for the entire line of Apple’s desktop, portable, and pen-based devices. It was a co-developer of the IEEE 802.11 wireless standard and of the industry’s first 802.11 chipset. It developed the Seahorse, arguably the world's first smartphone. In addition, by specializing in rapid, custom development, the company concluded multiple individual development contracts for application specific wireless products in vertical markets. Digital Ocean was granted approximately 20 patents for its development of wireless technologies.
In 1998 it was sold with its assets to Harris Semiconductor to become part of their Intersil division; Intersil was then spun-off from Harris one year later.
Digital Ocean was founded and led by Jeffery Alholm, an entrepreneur in multiple categories, such as the technology, medical, and engineering fields. As of late 2012, Alholm is still struggling by in entrepreneurial work.
Products.
Starfish Wireless Access Point for LocalTalk and EtherTalk Macintosh
Starfish with Microcellular Roaming Software 
Enabled seamless roaming.
Starfish II Ethernet Access Point
"Business Wire Magazine" explained, "The Starfish II connects to wired networks and acts as the access provider for Manta and Digital Ocean's other station products."
Manta 500EN EtherTalk Wireless Station with AAUI Connection
Manta 10BaseT
Wireless network connections at full ethernet speeds.
Grouper Line 
The Grouper line of products were networking devices that used spread-spectrum radio waves to communicate. Groupers could be attached to any PowerBook or used freestanding with any desktop Mac. Placing one Grouper on a wired network would have it serve as a hub for up to 15 other wireless Groupers. Keeping with Digital Ocean's theme, the collection of networked computers was called a school. Wireless devices could access the Grouper-enabled network from within a 250-foot distance indoors to an 800-foot distance outdoors, and the Grouper only used one-sixtieth the power of other comparable wireless devices.
Wireless local area connectivity for all Newton MessagePads.
Wireless local area connectivity for all Newton MessagePads; included additional port for serial devices, such as wand barcode readers, laser barcode scanners, and printers.
Package included Grouper 100MPS+ with Digital Ocean Pen Reader, bundled with AllPen barcode software for wireless data collection.
The original Wireless LocalTalk station for Macintosh that mounted directly to the bottom of 100xx PowerBooks.
Tarpon All-In-One PDA
The Tarpon integrated an Apple Newton and Digital Ocean Grouper with backlighting, a water-resistant and ruggedized case, and built-in wireless LAN, WAN, modem, voice capability for anything from simple peer-to-peer conversations to full telephony, and optional GPS via the PCMCIA slot. The addition of wireless capabilities to Newton-based devices was called "a major step forward" because "without it, they are not really useful." The Tarpon began as the SuperTech 2000, but was then further modified and released to the general public under the new name.
Seahorse
A rugged handheld computer based on the Newton OS 2.0, the Seahorse was backlit, lightweight, and durable, with a variety of integrated communication capabilities: the first CDPD modem ever in a wireless PDA, PCMCIA slot, WLAN modem, and a modular snap-on nose for optional GPS and diffused infrared capabilities. A rugged boot protected Seahorse, while large-capacity, slide-in rechargeable batteries provided around eight hours of continuous use. Together these features made Seahorse a good solution for: remote handheld access to customer service databases, wireless Internet access, precision location applications utilizing handheld GPS systems, and wirelessly accessing corporate and Internet databases to utilize schematics and manuals while in the field.
Digital Ocean began sales of the Seahorse in 1996. Though not its original intention, the Seahorse arguably contained all the intellectual property and engineering in one integrated device to constitute the world’s first smartphone, as defined by four parameters:
"Business Wire Magazine" wrote, "'The UB-1 provides Seahorse with a fully featured, economical module in an easy to integrate form factor,' said Jeff Alholm, president and chief executive officer of Digital Ocean. 'Combining PCSI's proven cellular voice and data technology with Seahorse's power performance and options makes Seahorse a leading industry choice for users seeking a versatile and affordable handheld computer.'" As such a groundbreaking product, the Seahorse received the Cellular Telephone Industry Association’s (CTIA) 1996 award for Product of the Year.
Skyway Bridge
"Business Wire Magazine" said, "Skyway Bridge wirelessly connected Ethernet-compliant networks in multiple buildings at distances up to 20 miles apart and can be used in conjunction with Digital Ocean's in-building wireless LAN products, including Starfish II, Manta II and Grouper. With a bandwidth of 2 Mbps, Skyway Bridge is faster and less expensive than T1 lines."
Technology.
All Digital Ocean wireless LAN (WLAN) products utilized the company’s patented protocol and software technologies along with a direct-sequence spread spectrum radio, giving Digital Ocean products superb penetration through walls, exceptional range, reliable data transfer, secure transmissions, and excellent throughput, especially when compared to infrared LAN communication. Digital Ocean products required no additional network operating hardware or software, and fully supported AppleTalk protocol services.
Digital Ocean developed and sold a complete family of LocalTalk and ethernet wireless network adapters for use with Macintosh desktops, PowerBooks, and Newtons. In addition, the company’s microcellular roaming permitted virtually unlimited wireless coverage areas. Their Starfish Access Points deployed microcellular roaming over a building or campus, allowing seamless wireless LAN connections over the entire area, similar to cellular telephones.
In 1996, Digital Ocean partnered with two other companies to provide Apple and PC platforms with their first ability to be on the same wireless LAN network through a single access point. The solution viewed each computer as an agnostic system when accessing the network, which placed all computers on equal footing in regards to their ability to communicate across an enterprise.
Chipsets.
In 1995 and 1996, Digital Ocean entered into three-way development contracts with AT&T/Lucent and Aironet to license Digital Ocean's Media Access Control (MAC) chipset technology in return for access to AT&T/Lucent's semiconductor line, the PHY companion chips for each partner (DSSS and FHSS), plus broad development support from all parties. This work led to one common MAC chip for the three parties. Although branded differently for each partner, this common chip came from one manufacturing line and was then sorted and sold by AT&T/Lucent, Harris Semiconductor/Intersil (which by 1998 had acquired Digital Ocean and its assets), and Aironet/Cisco.
Patents.
Before it was ratified as a standard, Digital Ocean was the leader in 802.11 capabilities, placing great emphasis on wireless as the future of communication and technology in general. Digital Ocean's portfolio of around 20 patents weighted heavily in the wireless category. The IEEE had already decided that any standard ratified would need to be at no cost, therefore, as a strategy to maintain their stake in the trajectory of the wireless business, Digital Ocean formed a consortium with its partners to publish an open standard for interoperability among different vendors and their products. They also licensed many of their patents to the emerging 802.11 standard. Some of Digital Ocean's patents included:

</doc>
<doc id="36830391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830391" title="Dale Collings">
Dale Collings

Dale Collings (born 16 December 1955) is a former professional tennis player from Australia.
Career.
Collings, who was known for his fast serves, won the Wimbledon Plate in 1978. He twice made the third round of the Australian Open, in 1978 and 1982. The Australian also reached the third round of the men's doubles at the 1978 Wimbledon Championships (with Keith Hancock) and mixed doubles at the 1981 Wimbledon Championships (with Karen Gulley).
He was a quarter-finalist at the Sydney Indoor tournament in 1979, beating Ken Rosewall and Geoff Masters along the way. He made another quarter-final in Adelaide that year and reached the semi-finals at Brisbane in 1980.
With partner Dick Crealy, Collings was a doubles runner-up at the Perth Grand Prix event in 1980. He made doubles semi-finals at Auckland in 1977, Cleveland in 1979, Adelaide in 1979, the Sydney Outdoor in 1979 and again at Auckland in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36830399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830399" title="Kamil Ocak">
Kamil Ocak

Mehmet Kamil Ocak (19 February 1914 – 21 May 1969) was a Turkish politician and served as minister of state from 1965 to 1969.
Early life and education.
Ocak was born in Gaziantep in the Aleppo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire on 19 February 1914. His father was Mustafa Ocak, one of the former mayors of Gaziantep and a Mevlevi Sheikh. Kamil Ocak graduated from commercial department of Robert College in 1935.
Early experience.
After graduation, Ocak worked for three years at the Central Bank of Turkey. In 1940, he became the director of the weaver's cooperative in Gaziantep and served there for eight years. In 1948, he was appointed director of the Association of Pistachio and Agriculture Cooperatives by the Ministry of Commerce. His term lasted until 1960.
Political career.
In 1941, Ocak began to take part in political activities in Gaziantep. In 1946 elections, he was a MP candidate from Democrat Party (DP). In 1950, he was elected as DP's local district chair and in 1951, as DP's province chair which lasted until 1957. From 17 November 1955 to 16 November 1956 he served as the mayor of Gaziantep. In 1961 elections after the 1960 coup d'état, he was a MP candidate from newly established Justice Party (AP). In 1962, he was chosen as AP's local district chair and served there until 1965. In 1963 local elections, he was elected as a member of Gaziantep city council. In 1965 elections, he was elected as AP Gaziantep deputy on 10 October 1965. Then he was appointed state minister responsible for sports by Prime Minister Süleyman Demirel. The cabinet was approved by the parliament on 11 November 1965. During his term, Ocak helped to build one stadium and one gymnasium in Gaziantep.
Personal life.
Ocak was married to Mübeccel Ocak and had four children, two sons and two daughters. He was fluent in English and French.
Death.
Ocak died of a heart attack in Ankara on 21 May 1969. He was buried in Gaziantep.
Legacy.
There are several sport facilities in Gaziantep with his name, including a stadium, a gymnasium and a sport complex.

</doc>
<doc id="36830412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830412" title="Hedley Thomas">
Hedley Thomas

Hedley Thomas is an Australian investigative journalist and author.
Personal life.
Thomas was born to Diana and Hedley Robert Thomas. Thomas' father is a former Royal Australian Air Force pilot and instructed retired senior commander of the Royal Australian Air Force, Angus Houston.
Thomas went to a number of different primary and high schools across Australia, finishing year 12 at Keebra Park high school in Southport on the Gold Coast.
Thomas is married and lives in Brisbane. He has two children. In 2002 Thomas and his family were victims of a death threat and a drive-by shooting.
Career.
Soon after completing high school, Thomas started his career as a newspaper copy boy for the "Gold Coast Bulletin" in 1984.
After nine months as a copy boy he started a journalism cadetship at the "Gold Coast Bulletin", then in 1988 moved to "The Courier-Mail" in Brisbane. After a year, he moved to London as a foreign correspondent for News Limited Australia for two years. As a 22 year old journalist there he covered historic events such as the fall of the Berlin wall and the Romanian Revolution.
Thomas returned to "The Courier-Mail" in late 1991, working there for 18 months. Thomas then moved to become the News Editor at the "Hong Kong Standard" for six months, before moving to the "South China Morning Post" in late 1993. There Thomas served in a variety of roles, including Senior Reporter, Deputy Features Editor, and Senior Writer.
In 1999 Thomas returned to Brisbane and "The Courier-Mail". In 2006 Thomas moved to the Brisbane bureau of "The Australian".
After winning the Gold Walkley in 2007, Thomas left journalism in early 2008 to work in the resources sector, with a role in communications, investor and government relations. Thomas returned to journalism and "The Australian" around 2010.
Thomas has written "Sick to Death", a non-fiction book published by Allen & Unwin about the Jayant Patel case.
Thomas recently covered the AWU affair.
Awards.
Thomas has won several major awards in journalism, including the 2007 Gold Walkley for highlighting the flawed police pursuit of Mohamed Haneef, an innocent doctor accused of being a terrorist.
Other awards include:
Thomas has also won many other journalism awards in Queensland and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="36830414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830414" title="The Jono Project">
The Jono Project

The Jono Project was a satirical news and entertainment show hosted by Jono Pryor. The show aired on C4 in New Zealand on Monday nights. The show combined pre-filmed sketches, pranks and parodies linked together by segments filmed in front of a small studio audience; and was preceded by "Jono's New Show". The show also included Guy Williams and Shannon Ryan. When Season 2 ended, the show was not renewed. However, MediaWorks decided to merge "The Jono Project" with "WANNA-BEn" (another failing sketch show hosted by Ben Boyce), which led to the creation of "Jono & Ben at Ten". A misconception of the show is that it was simply renamed "Jono & Ben at Ten" when in fact it was not.

</doc>
<doc id="36830417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830417" title="Second International Aeronautic Exhibition">
Second International Aeronautic Exhibition

The Second International Aeronatic Exhibition, 
(full name "Second International Aeronautical Exhibition in the league Air Defence of Finland SILI") was a world's fair held in Helsinki in 1938. It opened on 5 May and ran for 17 days before closing on 22 May
It was a special exhibition recognised by the BIE which attracted 25 participating countries and 15 million visitors and took place in Helsinki's exhibition hall. The commissioners were Alexander Frey, Erik von Frenckell and Mauri Honkajuuri director of Kansallis-Osake-Pankki. Visitors included the racing driver S. P. J. Keinänen and the prime minister Aimo Cajander
Aircraft on display included Morane-Saulnier Type L, Fokker C.X, VL Tuisku and VL Viima.

</doc>
<doc id="36830432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830432" title="The Call to Poetry">
The Call to Poetry

The Call to Poetry was a one-night performance art / international poetry gathering event held April 5, 2012 in Istanbul, near Taksim Square, widely promoted and heavily attended by international poets to celebrate the history of poetry with a dramatic reading of the world’s oldest love poem, which is housed in the Istanbul Archaeology Museums.
The Call to Poetry garnered significant interest in Istanbul, the greater Middle East and the US, as did a portion of the evening dedicated to poetry of the Arab Spring.
The World's Oldest Love Poem.
Written on a 4,000-year- old clay tablet known as İstanbul #2461, the Sumerian poem currently has its home at the İstanbul Archaeology Museum and was composed in the 21st century B.C. for the Sumerian king Shu-Sin, who ruled from 2037–2029 BC. The poem was intended for a spring fertility ritual and recited by one of his brides.
Arab Spring Poetry.
The Call to Poetry featured readings from contemporary Egyptian poet Hesham Al-Gak, a 2011 contestant on the Arab world's popular American Idol-style TV program based in Abu Dhabi called "Prince of Poets". During the Egyptian revolution, Al-Gak used the competition to recite poems critical of Egyptian leaders and departed "Prince of Poets"'s Abu Dhabi studios to visit Cairo to compose and recite verse at the height of protests there.
Event Organizers.
Call to Poetry organizer, American writer Dan Boylan cited Beat Generation figure Allen Ginsberg as an influence on the evening. Having met Ginsberg as a teenager, Boylan premiered Istanbul-inspired sound poetry during the event, which included music and an over-capactity crowd that listened from outside the venue. American journalist David Trilling served as the first Call to Poetry's master of ceremonies and New Zealand Poet Fred Simpon released his book of verse, “Lucky Me!” during the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36830446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830446" title="American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine">
American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine

The American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine (AOBIM) is an organization that provides board certification to qualified Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.) who specialize in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disease in adults (internists). The board is one 18 medical specialty certifying boards of the American Osteopathic Association Bureau of Osteopathic Specialists approved by the American Osteopathic Association (AOA), and was established in 1942. As of December 2011, 3,072 osteopathic internal medical physicians held active certification with the AOBIM.
Board Certification.
Initial certification is available to osteopathic internal medicine physicians who have successfully completed an AOA-approved residency in internal medicine, two years of practice, successful completion of written and oral exams, and chart review.
Voluntary recertification was first offered in Fall 1994, and mandatory recertification began in March 1997. Before this time, the initial board certification was permanent and recertification was not required. Since March 1997, if a physician does not recertify every eight years, their board certification status expires.
Osteopathic internal medicine physicians may receive Certification of Special Qualifications in the following areas:
Osteopathic internal medicine physicians may also receive Certification of Added Qualifications (CAQ) in the following areas: 
The Certification of Added Qualifications must be maintained through the process of recertification every 10 years.
In order for an osteopathic physician to be board-certified in any specialty, they must be AOA members, pay certification fees, and complete at least 120 hours of continuing medical education in a three-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="36830448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830448" title="European Shooting Championships">
European Shooting Championships

The European Shooting Championships is main shooting championships in Europe.
Summary of Championships.
"The list is incomplete"
Special Championships.
Every year 2-4 special championships held for European countries in separate shooting disciplines.
Special Shotgun Championships.
European Shotgun Championships were first held in 1956.
Special 10 m Events Championships.
"The list is incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="36830449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830449" title="Ongkor Festival">
Ongkor Festival

The Ongkor Festival (), also known as the Bumper Harvest Festival, is celebrated annually by Tibetan farmers praying for harvest of crops.

</doc>
<doc id="36830457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830457" title="Abdelkebir Zahoud">
Abdelkebir Zahoud

Abdelkebir Zahoud ( – born 13 January 1961, Ouled Azzouz near Oued Zem) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. Between 2002 and 2012, he held the position of Minister of Water and Environment in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi and Driss Jettou.

</doc>
<doc id="36830475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830475" title="I'll Be Alright Without You">
I'll Be Alright Without You

"I'll Be Alright Without You" is a song by the American rock band Journey, recorded and released in 1986 and included in their 9th studio album entitled "Raised On Radio". The song became a big hit around the US along with a minor worldwide popularity and peaked at #7 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It also peaked at #26 on the Mainstream Rock chart. It is one of their most remembered songs and one of the most popular 1980s pop rock tracks. The song was written and composed by Jonathan Cain, Steve Perry, and Neal Schon. The song was #14 in the Billboard Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="36830477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830477" title="Se'i">
Se'i

"Se'i or sei" is a typical bacon from Kupang, Timor, East Nusa Tenggara. Fumigation by using a mixture of milk, salt and spices provide a unique taste unlike any bacon. This dish is easily found in restaurants and warung in Timor. "Se'i" usually made from pork or beef. In Kupang, people served "se'i" with sambal lu'at and jagung bose.
Etymology.
The name of "Se'i" derives from the local language that mean "smoked meat".
History.
This dish is served by most hereditary in East Nusa Tenggara province, the food is actually made from Timorese deer ("Cervus timorensis"). But, since Timorese deer became extinct now, beef and pork became the main ingredients of "Se'i".

</doc>
<doc id="36830484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830484" title="Forrest City High School">
Forrest City High School

Forrest City High School is a comprehensive public high school in Forrest City, Arkansas, United States. It is the sole high school administered by the Forrest City School District and its main feeder school is Forrest City Junior High School.
History.
Serving students in grades nine through twelve in this St. Francis County community since 1892, an earlier building on Rosser Street built in 1915, known as Old Central, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1992.
Academics.
Forrest City High School is accredited as a 1924 charter member of AdvancED (formerly North Central Association). The assumed course of study follows the Smart Core curriculum established by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE).
Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams. FCHS is a member of the Arkansas Advanced Initiative for Math and Science (AAIMS) designed to improve scores on AP exams.
Extracurricular activities.
The Forrest City High School mascot is the Mustang horse with the school colors as Royal blue and white. The Forrest City Mustangs compete in the 5A East Conference administered by the Arkansas Activities Association (AAA).
The 5A East Conference (2012–14) consists of the following schools:
The Mustangs have won several state championships including:

</doc>
<doc id="36830493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830493" title="Bắc Sơn culture">
Bắc Sơn culture

The Bắc Sơn culture is the name given to a period of the Neolithic Age in Vietnam. The Bắc Sơn culture, also called the Bacsonian period, is often regarded as a variation of the Hoabinhian industry characterized by a higher frequency of edge-grounded cobble artifacts compared to earlier Hoabinhian artifacts.

</doc>
<doc id="36830529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830529" title="Eben Upton">
Eben Upton

Eben Christopher Upton is a Technical Director and ASIC architect for Broadcom. He is also a founder and former trustee of the Raspberry Pi Foundation, responsible for the overall software and hardware architecture of the Raspberry Pi device.
Education.
Upton completed a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics and Engineering in 1999 at the University of Cambridge. He went on to do the Cambridge Diploma in Computer Science graduating in 2001. After his diploma, Upton went on to study for a Doctor of Philosophy degree in the Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge. After finishing his PhD he completed an executive Master of Business Administration at the Cambridge Judge Business School while working in industry.
Career.
Prior to working at Broadcom, Upton was Director of Studies in Computer Science at St John's College, Cambridge with responsibility for undergraduate admissions and organising teaching for St John's undergraduate students on the Computer Science Tripos.
He has been a visiting Researcher at Intel Corporation, Founder and Chief Technology Officer at Ideaworks3D and a Software engineer at IBM.
Publications.
Upton has published several books and papers including the "Oxford Rhyming Dictionary" with his father Clive Upton. With Gareth Halfacree he co-authored the "Raspberry Pi User Guide". During his academic career, he co-authored several peer-reviewed scientific papers on mobile services, Human–computer interaction (HCI), bluetooth and data dependency graphs.
Awards.
Upton has won a number of awards including the MIT Technology Review TR35 world's top 35 innovators under the age of 35 in 2012 and the Royal Academy of Engineering Silver Medal.
Personal life.
Eben Upton is the son of Clive Upton and is married to Liz Upton.

</doc>
<doc id="36830531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830531" title="Ningbo Hengkang Food Company">
Ningbo Hengkang Food Company

Ningbo Hengkang Food Co., Ltd. is a Sino-foreign joint venture, specializing in the production of roasted snack food, such as melon, walnut, peanuts, nuts, and beans. The company is located in Cixi which is in Zhejiang province. Its headquarters covers over 150 acres and has more than 600 employees. The production capacity is more than 20,000 tons per year. The total assets of Hengkang are 150 million Yuan, the sales network has covers 22 provinces, and cooperation with international retail giants such as Wal-Mart and Carrefour has been established. 
It is located at 488 North Xingye Road, Zhouxiang Town, Cixi City, Zhejiang Province.
External Links.
Ningbo Hengkang Food Co., Ltd. official website

</doc>
<doc id="36830537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830537" title="Coombe Hill, Stroud">
Coombe Hill, Stroud

Coombe Hill, Stroud () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1994.
The site lies within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and the Cotswold Hills Environmentally Sensitive Area. It is near Wotton-under-Edge. It is moderately steep, and mainly faces south.
Flora.
The hill is a large, unimproved limestone grassland pasture area, with an ungrazed area and an edge of broadleaved woodland (along the western boundary). This site is of special notification because of its large area of "flower rich" grassland. It is specifically a site for the nationally rare Limestone Woundwort "(Stachy alpina)". A nearby site (Wotton Hill SSSI) supports this rare plant also.

</doc>
<doc id="36830546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830546" title="Duke of Transylvania">
Duke of Transylvania

The Duke of Transylvania was a title of nobility three times granted to a son or a brother of the Hungarian monarch. The dukes of the first and second creations, Béla (1226–1235) and Stephen (1257–1258 or 1259, 1260–1270) of the Árpád dynasty were in fact viceroys with significant authority in Transylvania. In contrast, the duke of the third creation, Stephen of the Anjou dynasty (1350–1351) did not play any significant role in politics.
History.
Duke Béla.
Transylvania was an eastern "borderland" (Florin Curta) of the medieval Kingdom of Hungary from the early 11th century. Exposed to attacks by the Cumans and other neighboring nomadic tribes, a high-ranking official especially assigned to this task by the monarch, styled "voivode" administered the province from the last decades of the 12th century. Transylvania experienced a steady demographic growth from the 1150s, to which the immigration of new settlers from Western Europe contributed.
First King Andrew II of Hungary (1205–1235) considered to employ the Teutonic Knights both to defend the remote province of his kingdom and to stimulate the conversion of the pagan Cumans. For this purpose, he granted the knights the Burzenland (Barcaság, Bârsei) region of Transylvania in 1211. The Cumans only became receptive to the idea of conversion after 1223. Suffering a severe defeat in the battle on the river Kalka by the Mongols in that year, they had to take into consideration the threat of a new Mongol invasion thereafter.
Having noticed the Teutonic Knights' attempt to get rid of royal authority by accepting the suzerainty of the Holy See, King Andrew II expelled them by force from his kingdom in 1225. Meanwhile, the monarch had issued a charter to summarize the privileges of a significant group of the descendants of colonists from Western Europe. According to the Diploma Andreanum of 1224, the Transylvanian Saxons were exempted of the authority of the "voivodes". Likewise, the existence of a royal official, the Count of the Székelys proves that the Hungarian-speaking Székelys were also administered independently of the "voivodes" from the 1220s at the latest.
King Andrew II appointed his eldest son, Béla duke of Transylvania in 1226. Already a "junior king" crowned in 1214, the newly created duke had earlier administered Slavonia with the same title. As duke of Transylvania, Béla became responsible for the expansion of the kingdom over the Carpathian Mountains (Florin Curta). This included the protection of the missionary work carried out among the western Cuman tribes primarily by Dominican monks.
Indeed, a Cuman chieftain named Boricius voluntarily converted to Christianity in 1227. Next year Duke Béla accompanied Archbishop Robert of Esztergom to the lands of Boricius where a new bishopric was set up. The Cuman chieftains also accepted the authority of the king of Hungary, represented by the junior king in the region. Indeed, King Andrew and his son jointly confirmed the liberties of the Cuman chieftains and commoners in 1228 or 1229.
Sometime Duke Béla acted independently of his father, as it is demonstrated by his grant of tax exemption to Transylvanian knights in 1231 and by his donation of lands situated in Wallachia in 1233. Pope Gregory IX also urged Duke Béla to protect the interests of bishop of Cumania against Orthodox prelates who offered the Sacraments not only to the Romanian, but also to the German and Hungarian believers in his diocese. The junior king's duchy of Transylvania ceased to exist in 1235 when Béla inherited his father's throne.
Stephen, "rex iunior".
The second creation of the title is connected to the coming to age of Stephen, the elder son of King Béla IV of Hungary (Duke Béla of the previous creation). Likewise his father, Duke Stephen had already been crowned "junior king" by the time he was appointed to govern Transylvania in 1257, and he had also bore the title of duke of Slavonia. Although temporarily removed from the office between 1258 or 1259 and 1260, otherwise Stephen actively administered the territories assigned to him during his rule. He not only confirmed former privileges granted by his father or other monarchs, but granted new liberties and donated properties to his followers. From the same period, no charter issued by King Béla IV in relation with Transylvania has been preserved, implying that Duke Stephen run the administration of his territores without any royal interference.
List of dukes.
First creation.
9 August 1354<br>aged 22

</doc>
<doc id="36830548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830548" title="Saya Myit">
Saya Myit

Saya Myit (1888–1966) was a major painter of the Traditional School in Burma who was a painter of Buddhist works for religious sites in Lower Burma. He is also popularly known for his Buddhist illustrations for books published by Zabhu Meit Swe Publishing House and Byinmazo Company. However, in the 1990s an unknown, dynamic portion of his oeuvre surfaced in Burma—his more Western-style secular works, which had gone undocumented in Burma.
Early education.
Saya Myit was born to a family of peasants in the Tammanaing village, Kawmhu, Tuntay Township. His father, U Sine, was a respected sculptor and thus Saya Myit studied sculpture under him. Like many children in rural areas during his period, he received a monastic education, where his talent in art was encouraged. It is said that during this time, he once drew a picture of fruit among leaves on the wall of the monastery, and a squirrel, taking the depiction for the real thing, jumped at the picture and slipped down the wall.
Professional education in art.
His father died before he had finished his schooling, and his mother sent him to Saya Nyan (not to be confused with Ba Nyan) to study pavilion decoration. By the age of 16, he had fair mastery of this art. He later studied under the professional painter M.T. Hla (U Tun Hla) (1874–1946), who had a background in Traditional art, but who became a pioneer watercolorist of Burma, mastering Western techniques of painting. M.T. Hla picked up these skills through exposure to paintings by Robert Talbot Kelly in his book "Burma Painted and Described", or postcards of the paintings from this book which were sold in stores. Hla also had contact and instruction of some kind with the Irish painter Sir Gerald Kelly; both Kellys traveled to Burma in the early 1900s and painted its landscapes and people. Thus, M.T. Hla would likely have trained Saya Myit in both the Traditional and Western style of painting. M.T. Hla was also considered a master of glass painting and apparently passed on these skills to Saya Myit although it seems no works in the glass painting genre have survived by either M.T. Hla or Saya Myit.
Surprising discoveries of works.
In the late 1990s and in the early years after 2000, unknown works by Saya Myit were discovered in Burma which called for a reappraisal of his oeuvre and his contributions to Burmese painting. In about 1996, a Burmese art dealer, Tin Win of Beikthano Gallery, happened upon four works by Saya Myit that were in the possession of one of Saya Myit's publishers of Buddhist illustrations for books. The four works belonged to a set of paintings which have been entitled "An Auspicious Charity". The two most provocative paintings in the four-piece set, "Motor Car Procession" and "Carriage Procession" (both 51 x 78.5 cm), have been reproduced in books. The former painting appears in "Old Myanmar Paintings in the Collection of U Win" (2006) by Hla Tin Htun and both paintings appear in "Burmese Painting: A Linear and Lateral History" (2009) by Andrew Ranard. On the basis of the features of the motor car depicted in "Motor Car Procession", the works can be dated to the early 1930s. The two paintings with vehicles are dramatically different from anything that had been produced in Burmese painting up until that time, or even now, in style and technique. In both paintings, the vehicles (carriage and motor car) sit in the center of the pieces, surrounded by a large crowd of followers who are depicted in minuscule, realistic detail. The atmospheric effects and linear perspective in the piece are polished and so are the anatomical proportions of all the subjects. In this sense, the paintings are of the Western style, but both possess Traditional features in the statuesque, arrested quality of the scenes. The crowd scenes depict privileged and powerful persons as well as the subservient or anonymous with equal determination of detail, and have been described as possessing a "democratic gestalt".
Portrait works.
Saya Myit, like his predecessor in the Traditional arts, Saya Aye (1872–1930), also produced a handful of stunning commissioned portraits. Three or four of these works by Saya Myit have emerged in Burma so far, and all of them, like Aye's portraits, mix features of Traditional Burmese painting—particularly floral arabesque—with Western-style painting. The colors in the paintings are rich and somber, Burmese in character, but unique to Saya Myit's work. Saya Myit was 16 years younger than Aye, and emerged as a painter in Burma later, when techniques of Western painting were more familiar to Burmese artists, and thus Myit's portraits, in technique at least, also reveal greater knowledge of Western painting.
Origin of Myit's Western skills.
Myit could not have picked up all his skills in Western-style painting from his master,
M.T. Hla, as his work far surpasses M.T. Hla's in quality. Nor was Myit apparently a member of the Burma Art Club, founded in 1913 by amateur British painters who subsequently trained Burmese painters in the Western style. Since the paintings of "An Auspicious Charity" can be dated to the early 1930s, it seems probable that the portraits were done in the 30s as well. 1930 was a threshold year in Burmese painting as that was when Ba Nyan returned from approximately eight years of academic and professional study in the painting arts in London. Within months after Ba Nyan's return, political activists, anxious to undermine British authority, called for the creation of a Burmese Artists and Handicraftsmen's Association (BAHA), which all painters might join, including the Traditional painters such as Saya Myit, who had never availed themselves of the privileged education at the Burma Art Club, open only to those painters who spoke English. Ba Nyan agreed to support the movement to create BAHA, and when it was founded, M.T. Hla, Myit's teacher, became the chairman of the organization; Ba Nyan became vice-chairman; and Saya Myit became one of a number of executive members. One of the purposes of BAHA was to provide a venue where the Western-educated painters such as Ba Nyan might mix with the Traditional painters and trade skills. It is quite likely that this is how Myit picked up his advanced skills in landscape and portraiture, through interaction with or observing Ba Nyan. (Saya Aye never had the advantage of such training as he died in 1930, the year Ba Nyan returned from England. Aye was senior to Ba Nyan by almost 30 years and possessed an exalted reputation as a Traditional painter in Burma and probably would not have responded to the opportunity to learn from Ba Nyan.)
Portrait of Saya Chone.
In 1949, Myit later produced a masterful portrait in oil of the famous early Traditional painter, royal artist Saya Chone, done with a heavy impasto technique and complete mastery of Western painting. This painting possessed, ironically, no Traditional affects. As Chone had died in 1917, the image of Chone was taken from a photograph.
Buddhist and nat works.
Myit's Buddhist works were done for religious sites in Lower Burma. Unusual paintings of "nats" by Myit also emerged in the late 1990s and just after 2000. A painting of the Apannaka Jataka by Myit and one of his "nat" paintings are in the Fukuoka Asian Art Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36830565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830565" title="Mohammed Gambo">
Mohammed Gambo

Muhammad Gambo (born 10 March 1988), also known as Muhammed, is a footballer who plays for Kano Pillars F.C. in the Nigeria Premier League. He is a strong and powerful centre forward.
Club career.
Gambo moved to his current club Kano Pillars from Buffalo F.C. in 2006 and has since been a sensation for his current club scoring over 60 goals in league and cup competitions. He was tipped to replace Ekigho Ehiosun at Turkish club Samsunspor in the August transfer window after scoring 15 goals in the Nigerian league in the 2012 season with 5 goals in the Cup.
In July 2013 he was close to signing with Tunisian club Club Africain, but contract negotiations broke down.
International career.
Gambo Muammed was called up to the Nigerian national football team otherwise known as the Super Eagles by Former coach Samson Siasia for a tournament in America but could not make his debut due to the competition being cancelled. He has since called on the new Nigeria manager Stephen Keshi to give him a chance in his new setup after injuries plagued his return.
In March 2013 Gambo was an unused substitute in a 1–1 draw against Kenya national football team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification (CAF) in Nigeria.
In June 2013 He was selected by Nigerian coach Stephen Keshi to represent Nigeria in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup He was one of the 8 locally based players that made the list, the only striker and has widely been regarded as one of the best strikers in the Nigeria Premier League in the last few seasons
On 6 July 2013, Gambo got his first international goal when he scored for Nigeria's B team in the CAF CHAN qualifier against Côte d'Ivoire at the Ahmadu Bello Stadium, Kaduna.
Personal life.
Gambo watches videos of The Great Brazilian Ronaldo and is a Big Fan. As quoted Below from Fifa.com
Muhammad Gambo is one of several Nigerian-based players that Super Eagles coach Stephen Keshi has called up for the FIFA Confederations Cup Brazil 2013. However, unlike most of the other locally-based players, Gambo is not a talented youngster embarking on his career, but a seasoned professional, who has spent several seasons campaigning in the Nigerian top flight. The 25-year-old also brings the experience of playing in the CAF Champions League with him, having advanced to the semi-finals with Kano Pillars in 2009. The Kano captain last year seemed close to moving to Turkey, but the transfer fell through in the end. It is not something that causes him great consternation. "I don’t want to rush anything, when it is time I will go and play in Europe." Gambo was first called up to the Super Eagles in 2010 but the matches were canceled and he had to wait on the sidelines until he was given the nod by Keshi recently for Nigeria's friendly against Mexico, two 2014 FIFA World Cup™ qualifiers as well as the Confederations Cup. The tournament provides Gambo with an opportunity to play in the country of his idol, Ronaldo. "I want to be like Ronaldo of Brazil. He is my role model. It will be great to be like him. I want to make a name for myself as he did," he recently told journalists.
Gambo rejected offers from Iranian premier division called zobahan, and looking forward to play in European clubs.
Honours.
Individual.
2012 Nigeria Premier League Selected in team of the year
2012 Nigeria Premier League Runner Up Top Scorer (15 goals)
Goal Scoring Record.
At Buffalo F.C. 2006 – 16 goals.
At Kano Pillars F.C. 2006/2007 – 6 goals.
Kano Pillars F.C. 2007/2008 – 8 goals.
Kano Pillars F.C. 2008/2009 – 10 goals.
Kano Pillars F.C. 2009/2010 – 12 goals.
Kano Pillars F.C. 2010/2011 – 10 goals.
Kano Pillars F.C. 2011/2012 – 15 goals

</doc>
<doc id="36830566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830566" title="Sheila Guyse">
Sheila Guyse

Etta Drucille Guyse, known as Sheila Guyse, (July 14, 1925 – December 28, 2013) was a popular African-American singer, actress, and recording artist, performing on stage and screen during the 1940s and 1950s, in the Dorothy Dandridge film era.
Comparisons.
She was often compared to Dandridge and it has been said that some critics thought Guyse was a better actress than the more well-known Dandridge. It may be argued that if Sheila had been allowed the opportunity to make an impact in the Hollywood cinema, she would have been stiff competition for the more established actress.
Race films.
Guyse had a sultry "girl-next-door" appeal which she showcased in three independent all-Black films (so-called "race films") of the late 1940s: "Boy! What a Girl!" (1947), "Sepia Cinderella" (1947, co-starring with Billy Daniels), and "Miracle In Harlem" (1948) giving impressive performances in all of them. She also appeared in the "Harlem Follies of 1949" and in a 1957 television adaptation of the play "The Green Pastures".
Broadway.
Guyse wasn't an experienced or trained actress but she was a natural talent. She appeared in many Broadway stage productions such as "Lost in the Stars" and "Finian's Rainbow" which were both long-running. She contributed to cast recordings for these productions, and her singing voice was said to be as beautiful as she was; divine, sweet, easy on the ears whether singing jazz, pop, or gospel.
She died of Alzheimer's disease on December 28, 2013.
Magazine covers.
Sheila Guyse was popular in the 1940s and 1950s, and graced many covers of publications such as "Jet", "Ebony", and "Our World".
External links.
IMDB Profile

</doc>
<doc id="36830583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830583" title="Phùng Nguyên culture">
Phùng Nguyên culture

The Phùng Nguyên culture of Vietnam (c. 2,000 - 1,500 BC) is a name given to a culture of the Bronze Age in Vietnam during the Hong Bang Dynasty which takes its name from an archeological site in Phùng Nguyên, east of Việt Trì discovered in 1958. It was during this period that rice cultivation was introduced into the Red River region from southern China. The most typical artifacts are pediform adzes of polished stone.

</doc>
<doc id="36830584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830584" title="Leonard Spence">
Leonard Spence

Hubert Leonard Spence (May 23, 1909 – November 10, 1947) was a Bermudian swimmer who also competed in the United States. In 1933, the three brothers Leonard, Wallace and Walter Spence won the 3×100 medley relay at the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) championships – the only such feat in the AAU history. Later, they set a world record in this event. Leonard also participated in the 1936 Summer Olympics in the 100 m freestyle, 200 m breaststroke and 4×200 m freestyle events, but did not reach the finals. In 1967, the Spence brothers were inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Spence was born in a jungle near Christianburg, British Guiana, in a family of four brothers and four sisters. His father was Scottish and worked as a big game hunter and guide, while his mother was Indian. The Spences would swim in the Demerara River, and six family members bore scars from piranha bites. Leonard, Wallace and Walter became competitive swimmers. Their youngest brother, Harold, was also a promising swimmer, but was killed in action in World War II. Two of their sisters also swam competitively, although not at the level of their brothers. 
Walter, the eldest brother, soon realized that he can not grow as a swimmer in Guiana, and immigrated to the United States in 1923. Wallace and the youngest brother Leonard followed him in 1926 and 1928, respectively. They formed a 3×100 m medley team and won the AAU championships in 1933, and later set a world record in this event. In 1935, together with Peter Fick, they became AAU champions in the 4×100 m medley relay. In their team, Leonard specialized in breaststroke, and at some point held nearly all AAU titles and records from 100 yards to one mile. During 1931–1932, he set two world records in the 200 m breaststroke. However, he also competed in the crawl at the AAU and 1936 Olympics. His career was hampered by tuberculosis; he contracted it around 1931, but realized that only six years later. He died in Mount Pleasant, New York, in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36830594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830594" title="Ambattur railway station">
Ambattur railway station

Ambattur railway station is one of the railway station of the Chennai Central–Arakkonam section of the Chennai Suburban Railway Network. It serves the neighbourhood of Ambattur, a suburb of Chennai located 17 km west of the city centre. It is situated at Varadarajapuram in Ambattur, with an elevation of 19.18 m above sea level.
History.
The first lines in the station were electrified on 29 November 1979, with the electrification of the Chennai Central–Tiruvallur section. Additional lines at the station were electrified on 2 October 1986, with the electrification of the Villivakkam–Avadi section.
On 21 January 1946 at 4.15 p.m., Mahatma Gandhi visited the station, who was received by Kamaraj.
Layout.
The station has seven tracks, including three loop lines, and has three platforms. The first platform is a side platform and houses the station's entrance and the ticket counter. The second and third platforms lie on an island platform. The platforms are connected by means of a footbridge. A second footbridge built at the level crossing connects the northern and southern sides of the neighbourhood. In 2001, Southern Railways renovated the footbridge at the level crossing at a cost of 400,000.
A railway concrete sleeper manufacturing company is located at the northwestern side of the station, which is served by loop lines radiating from the station.
As of 2013, the station handles about 30,000 passengers a day.
Development.
According to a railway release in 2008, there are plans to develop the station as a coaching terminal (satellite terminal) for Chennai Central railway station, on the lines of Tambaram station being developed as a terminal for Egmore railway station.
In June 2014, the station was renovated in a major way after decades of neglect.

</doc>
<doc id="36830601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830601" title="Maurice Kamto">
Maurice Kamto

Maurice Kamto, is a Cameroonian opposition politician. He joined the opposition after resigning, in 2011, from the current government ruling the country since 1982. He is one of 34 members of the International Law Commission of the United Nations and its current president. He successfully led the Cameroonian delegation during the negotiations to resolve the matter of Bakassi, a peninsula disputed with neighboring Nigeria. His decisive contribution helped him to be appointed in 2004, minister delegate to the Minister of Justice before he submitted his resignation in November 2011. 
A kick-off meeting of his party, the Movement for the Revival of Cameroon (MRC), merging multiple parties is prohibited by the government on 13 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36830619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830619" title="Calliphora stygia">
Calliphora stygia

Calliphora stygia, commonly known as the brown blowfly, or rango tumaro in Māori, is a species of blow-fly that is found in Australia and New Zealand. The brown blowfly has a grey thorax and yellow-brown abdomen.
The fly can cause the flystrike disease in sheep when the maggots it lays burrow into the sheep's skin.
"C. stygia" adapts well to cold conditions and in winter can be found in Australia as far south as southern Victoria. During spring their maggots develop from carcasses, but over summer their numbers drop as temperatures rise and other species such as "C. albifrontalis" dominate. 

</doc>
<doc id="36830621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830621" title="Jean-Michel Monin">
Jean-Michel Monin

Jean-Michel Monin (born 7 September 1967 in Argenteuil) is a French cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36830622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830622" title="Dropmyemail">
Dropmyemail

Dropmyemail is a cloud based email backup software offered by Dropmysite that offers cloud storage and Online backup software. In brief, Dropmyemail allows users to automatically backup their emails to the cloud with an option to view, migrate or restore them whenever required via a web browser.
Dropmyemail was shown on 1 March 2012 at Demo Asia by Dropmysite.
History.
According to Dropmyemail, founder John Fearon conceived the idea of Dropmyemail after "his clients emailed him asking for a solution to backup emails and database". That's when he wanted to build Dropmyemail and realised "this as a big opportunity". The team then worked on the problem and launched Dropmyemail.com on 1 March 2012 at Demo Asia, a launchpad for emerging technology in Singapore.
, Dropmyemail had more than 525,000 users, growing at a rate faster than Twitter, Dropbox and Pininterest at the same time during their launch.
Business model.
Dropmyemail moved away from a Freemium business model to a Free Trial based business model.
Dropmyemail changed their business model to provide a 15 day free trial followed by a paid account for $10 per year for a 5GB account, $20 for 10GB account and $70 for a 50GB account.
On November 21, 2012, Dropmyemail launched its business offering for SoHO and SMB with a per email mailbox price plans. They provide a 15 day free trial for 100 seats followed by a paid account for 5 seats at $99.99 per year, 20 seats at $299.99 per year and 100 seats at $999.90 per year.
The company launched its affiliate program on December 13, 2012 to meet the demands of various websites to resell Dropmyemail's service.
Technology.
Dropmyemail is a web based solution. Dropmyemail's backed is written in Ruby on Rails and is hosted on the Amazon Web Services Cloud Infrastructure. Most of the email platforms such as Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo etc. are supported by Dropmyemail. Users can also backup their email via IMAP or POP settings.
Dropmyemail uses Amazon's S3 storage system to store the files;
External links.
Dropmysite

</doc>
<doc id="36830626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830626" title="Thomas Streimelweger">
Thomas Streimelweger

Thomas Streimelweger (born July 6, 1959 in Vienna) is an Austrian entrepreneur.
In 1987, he founded the S&T AG. S&T is a leading IT services company with focus on Central and Eastern Europe. Streimelweger managed S&T AG as its CEO until 2000, including taking it public in 1998. In 2004-2010, he served as chairman of the supervisory board of S&T and developed other businesses, such as internet portals and an investment advisory company. In July 2010, he returned to the CEO
position of S&T group until November 2010.
Education.
Prior to founding of S&T, Streimelweger worked for Hewlett Packard, AWT/Creditanstalt, Mannesmann Rexroth and Renault, mainly in trade and trade finance. He holds a college degree in electrical engineering and graduated in Business Administration from the Vienna University of Economics and Business.

</doc>
<doc id="36830673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830673" title="Hurwitz problem">
Hurwitz problem

In mathematics, the Hurwitz problem, named after Adolf Hurwitz, is the problem of finding multiplicative relations between quadratic forms which generalise those known to exists between sums of squares in certain numbers of variables.
There are well-known multiplicative relationships between sums of squares in two variables
(known as the Brahmagupta–Fibonacci identity), and also Euler's four-square identity and Degen's eight-square identity. These may be interpreted as muliplicativity for the norms on the complex numbers, quaternions and octonions respectively.
The Hurwitz problem for the field "K" is to find general relations of the form
with the "z" being bilinear forms in the "x" and "y": that is, each "z" is a "K"-linear combination of terms of the form "x""i""y""j". We call a triple ("r", "s", "n") "admissible" for "K" if such an identity exists. Trivial cases of admissible triples include ("r", "s", "rs"). The problem is uninteresting for "K" of characteristic 2, since over such fields every sum of squares is a square, and we exclude this case. It is believed that otherwise admissibility is independent of the field of definition.
Hurwitz posed the problem in 1898 in the special case "r" = "s" = "n" and showed that, when coefficients are taken in C, the only admissible values ("n", "n", "n") were "n" = 1, 2, 4, 8: his proof extends to any field of characteristic not 2. 
The "Hurwitz–Radon" problem is that of finding admissible triples of the form ("r", "n", "n"). Obviously (1, "n", "n") is admissible. The Hurwitz–Radon theorem states that (ρ("n"), "n", "n") is admissible over any field where ρ("n") is the function defined for "n" = 2"u""v", "v" odd, "u" = 4"a" + "b", 0 ≤ "b" ≤ 3, as "ρ"("n") = 8"a" + 2"b".
Other admissible triples include (3,5,7) and (10, 10, 16).

</doc>
<doc id="36830699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830699" title="Amelanchier × grandiflora">
Amelanchier × grandiflora

"Amelanchier" × "grandiflora" (serviceberry) is a small deciduous flowering tree or large shrub, a hybrid of garden origin between "A. arborea" and "A. laevis", in the family Rosaceae. It produces white flowers and small red to purple edible fruits.

</doc>
<doc id="36830701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830701" title="Block Realty-Baker House">
Block Realty-Baker House

The Block Realty-Baker House at 1900 Beechwood in Little Rock, Arkansas was built in 1940. It was designed in Colonial Revival style by architect John Parks Almand. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included one contributing building and one contributing object.

</doc>
<doc id="36830715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830715" title="Đồng Đậu culture">
Đồng Đậu culture

The Đồng Đậu culture (c. 1,500-1,000 BC) was a culture of the Middle Bronze Age in Vietnam during the Hong Bang Dynasty. The pottery of the Đồng Đậu culture is distinguished from Phùng Nguyên culture pottery by parallel markings.

</doc>
<doc id="36830733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830733" title="Eduardo Koaik">
Eduardo Koaik

Eduardo Koaik (August 21, 1926 – August 25, 2012) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Piracicaba, Brazil.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1950, Koaik was named bishop in 1973. He retired in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36830735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830735" title="Gò Mun culture">
Gò Mun culture

The Gò Mun culture (c. 1,100-800 BC) was a culture of Bronze Age Vietnam during the Hong Bang Dynasty. 
The culture is known for pottery, weapons and many jade objects.

</doc>
<doc id="36830748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830748" title="Sơn Vi culture">
Sơn Vi culture

The Sơn Vi culture is the name given to a culture of the late Palaeolithic and early Mesolithic Age in Vietnam.
Sơn Vi (vi) itself is a village (xã) in Lâm Thao District, Phú Thọ Province. Sơn Vi is the official Chinese character "tên chữ" name of the village, it also has a demotic Vietnamese "tên nôm" name, kẻ Vây.

</doc>
<doc id="36830760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830760" title="Cotswold Commons and Beechwoods">
Cotswold Commons and Beechwoods

Cotswold Commons and Beechwoods () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1954.
The Commons and Beechwoods lie within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The site includes the Cotswold Commons and Beechwoods National Nature Reserve and Cooper's Hill Local Nature Reserve. It is part registered as common land and part owned by National Trust.
The Cotswold Beechwoods are recognised as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive.
Location.
The site comprises ancient Beech woodland and unimproved grassland. It overlies Jurassic limestones and is at the western edge of the Cotswolds. It is located around the villages of Sheepscombe and Cranham, and along the top of the scarp between Painswick and Birdlip.
Species.
The woodlands are diverse in their species, and the grasslands are typical of unimproved calcareous pastures well-known for the area. The area supports many rare species of plants (including several varieties of orchid) and is an exceptional area for invertebrates. There are some disused limestone mines which are used as winter roosts by several bat species.
Woodland.
The beechwoods are currently developed as a high forest structure, but have a long history of management for timber.
Commons.
The unimproved limestone grassland is mainly the common lands at Painswick Beacon, Cranham and Sheepscombe.

</doc>
<doc id="36830822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830822" title="2013 South Sydney Rabbitohs season">
2013 South Sydney Rabbitohs season

The 2013 South Sydney Rabbitohs season is the 104th in the club's history. Coached by Michael Maguire and captained by John Sutton, they competed in the National Rugby League's 2013 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season in second place.
Pre-season.
In 2013, the Rabbitohs again competed in three pre-season trial matches.
Transfers.
Gains
Losses 

</doc>
<doc id="36830829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830829" title="Bottom of the 9th '99">
Bottom of the 9th '99

"Bottom of the 9th '99" is a baseball video game published and developed by Konami and released on August 31, 1998, for the PlayStation. Baltimore Orioles center fielder Brady Anderson is featured on the cover. Bottom of the 9th '99 does not have a Major League Baseball license but it is endorsed by the Major League Baseball Players Association. This game has the 1998 opening day rosters with over 700 players. This game has six playing modes: exhibition, season, training, trade, statistics, and scenario mode.

</doc>
<doc id="36830840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830840" title="Future Language">
Future Language

Future Language is the debut studio album of Von LMO, released independently in 1981 through his label StraZar. It is dedicated to the advancement of the United States space program. After a performance at Max's Kansas City in November, Von LMO disappeared from the music scene until 1991.
Songs.
The song "Leave Your Body" was written for an acquaintance of LMO's who had intended to commit suicide in 1979. VMO explained, "I tried to help her by telling her that she's going to leave her body, get out of that present state, and just find herself." Five of the album's tracks were later re-recorded and released on Von LMO's 1994 album "Cosmic Interception".
Release and reception.
Music journalist Chuck Eddy named "Future Language" as being one of the 500 best albums of heavy metal in his "Stairway to Hell" book, listing it at No. 347. He would later praise Saturn's saxophone playing and LMO's ability as a front-man in an issue of "Spin".
In 2000, it was issued by Flemish Masters on CD and included the track "Shake, Rattle and Roll" as bonus content. The album was included in its entirety on the "Tranceformer (Future Language 2.001)" compilation released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36830888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830888" title="D. Raja">
D. Raja

D. Raja is a politician and the member of Rajya Sabha from Tamil Nadu. He is from the Communist Party of India(CPI) and he is the National Secretary of the Party since 1994.
Books.
has written a number of articles (in Tamil and English) on various political and social issues in various journals 

</doc>
<doc id="36830909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830909" title="Yinxiang (magazine)">
Yinxiang (magazine)

Yinxiang (; "Influence Magazine") was an important film journal published in Taiwan, comparable in its significance as a platform of debate to the importance of the "Cahiers du Cinéma" for the French debate about film, the significance of "Bianco e nero" in the Italian context, the impact of "Filmkritik" in Germany and of "Screen" for English-speaking cinema lovers.
The name.
The name of the journal is sometimes translated as "Impact Magazine" in English language publications. Chen Xihe, for instance, gives the name as "Impact magazine (影響)".  Yingxiang is the correct pinyin version used in the P.R.China and internationally by Sinologists. Impact is a correct translation of 影響. But in Taiwan, 影響 is usually transliterated Yinxiang and the issues of the magazine that appeared in the 1970s featured both and the English words "Influence magazine" (rather than "Impact magazine")on the front cover.
Beginnings.
A press report on the start of "Influence" film magazine titled “Wang Hsiao-hsiang founded Yinxiang magazine” appeared on Dec. 10, 1971 in a Taipei newspaper. It is reprinted in “The Chronicle of Taiwan Cinema 1898-2000,” a publication that consists of several volumes published by the Chinese Taipei Film Archive. The report says that “following the example of the "Theater" (劇場) magazine, "Influence Magazine", a professional publication dedicated to the exploration of film, was founded today.” The press report reprinted in the book gives December 1971 as the date for the founding, while Lin Mucai writes that the magazine “was founded in 1972.” He probably refers to the date when the first issue appeared. The disagreement (December 1971 or (early?) 1972) is of course of small significance. The fact that an article reporting the founding of the magazine appeared on December 10, 1971 is of course good evidence. But it does not tell us when the first issue appeared in print.
In an interview that is summed up in a publication done for (and by) Taida alumni, Prof. Lee Daw-ming who was an editor of "Yinxiang" in the late 1970s, said that ",a National Taiwan University law school graduate, Zhuō Bótáng (National Chengchi University (NCCU)) and Duan Zhongyi (NCCU)… started Yinxiang Magazine (in 1972)”
In this interview, Lee Daw-ming observed that the timely convergence of several favorable conditions led to the birth of the first professional film publication. 1.) First, the United States Information Service vigorously promoted film. 2.) Wang Hsiao-hsiang came back from the United States and brought back concepts of film aesthetics, 3.) Yin Yun-peng, Lin Hwai-min and others started to teach at National Chengchi University, 4.) Tang Shu Shuen shot "Mrs. Dong" (1970), a film that aroused international attention. It was a time when the arts flourished, on campus it set off a craze for the movies."
The editors.
The report quoted in the "Chronicle of Taiwan Cinema" gave more details.  It did not only mention that "Wáng Hsiao-hsiang serves as " but added, "The editors’ group includes , , , , , in Japan, in the U.S., and , also in the U.S."  To this basic information regarding the original editorial staff, an anecdote concerning one of the editors mentioned in the book may be added:  According to Lin Mucai, it was , a graduate of the law school of "Taida" (National Taiwan University) who had a key role.  As a sensitive film journalist, he was writing fine articles for the new publication.  recalls how Dan got the job:  "Because he liked movies, he often went to places dedicated to the arts in order to chat and have tea and by chance he met the founder of "Yinxiang" magazine.  Wang Hsiao-hsiang was stunned to see a young man so passionate about movies, and invited him to write texts for Influence."  Dan Han Chang later on became a film director.
Reviews.
"The Chronicle of Taiwan Cinema" notes "In its first issue, the journal stated that film art, attaining the height of its development, became the most influential language of the 20th century. But in China, due to the producers, the government, the audience, and even multiple misunderstandings and intellectuals attacks, it presented a distorted face. Therefore the journal will be professional, embracing an academic point of view, offering in-depth analysis oriented toward Western movies, guiding people positively and working for the development of a mature film art in the country."
Critic Chen Xihe wrote: Professor Lee Daw-ming called Yinxiang "Taiwan's most representative film research publication" in the 1970s.
The Beginnings of A New Era of Taiwan Cinema.
The debate carried on in the pages of "Yinxiang" reflected face-to-face debates and in turn, it found an echo in such debates. The Cinema of Taiwan which had been either very cheap and commercial or an even cheaper tool of KMT propaganda, was off to a new start. The year 1979 saw two films by Li Hsing, "Story of A Small Town" and "Good Morning, Taipei". A year later, Hou Hsiao-hsien’s first feature film, "Cute Girls", was released. A good future for a serious film publication was what everyone expected.
Dissident publishing.
The cultural debate and the debate focused on the need for democracy were inseparable between 1976 and 1980. It made the Kuomintang (KMT) nervous. Dissidents became active more openly than before, despite martial law. A politician of the pro-democracy movement ran for office as a non-party candidate and was elected as “magistrate” of Taoyuan. But then, things escalated. “Taoyuan's magistrate was murdered.” It was a surprise for everyone, especially for the regime, that the opposition was not intimidated at once. “In 1978, …increasingly bold demonstrations swept Taiwan.”  The conflict would lead up to the so-called Kaohsiung incident in 1979.
As publisher of "Yinxiang", Wang Hsiao-hsiang was daring at the time. In 1978, at the height of the conflict which had begun as a controversial debate over the Taiwanese literature movement that advocated "Nativist literature", Wang okayed the publication of an article about a forbidden film. The film in question was Wim Umboh’s ‘Plastic Flowers.’ At the time, Wim Umboh’s film was scheduled to be screened at the 1978 Taipei Film Festival. But when the festival had already commenced, the censors suddenly determined that ‘Plastic Flowers’ could not be shown. It focused too obviously on the ‘dark sides’ of society. The "Yinxiang" people, above all Lee Daw-ming (who was then the editor of the journal), managed however to organize a private screening for film journalists. A German film critic, who was invited by Lee Daw-ming to see the film, interviewed Wim Umboh and wrote the film review for Yinxiang.
A re-beginning.
A new series of "Yinxiang" started to appear on November 20, 1989. Its publication was interrupted more than once. Martial law in Taiwan was lifted 1987. The film magazine closed permanently on December 1, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36830917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830917" title="Yoo Sang-soo">
Yoo Sang-soo

Yoo Sang-Soo (; born 28 August 1973) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender. He participated in Summer Universiade in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36830918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830918" title="Who Let the Dogs Out? (CBBC)">
Who Let the Dogs Out? (CBBC)

Who Let the Dogs Out? is a children's series for CBBC that first aired on 21 September 2011. It was hosted by Zak George in series 1 and 2.
In each episode, three dogs and their child owners battle it out to take home the "Who Let the Dogs Out?" trophy by tackling different dog tricks at the "Dog House"; such as skateboarding, skipping, frisbee catching and walking on two legs. A second series was aired in 2012 and a third aired from 16 September 2013, with new host Ashleigh Butler and dog trainer Steve Mann.
A spin-off series, "Who Let the Dogs Out and About?", began airing from 19 January 2013.
Episodes.
Series 2 (2012).
The format was slightly changed this series; only one team would win the trophy at the series finale. In every episode, two hopefuls were eliminated but one team made it through to the next round – the quarter-finals. 27 teams were chosen by Zak and the series producer, Claire Gillies, to go to the "Dog House" after the tryouts were completed.
Series 3 (2013).
It has been confirmed that a third series of "Who Let the Dogs Out?" will air in 2013 through the CBBC website. The new series began on 16 September 2013. It was hosted by Ashleigh Butler, with her dog Pudsey also appearing, and Steve Mann.
"Who Let The Dogs Out and About?".
Who Let the Dogs Out and About is a British children's television programme that premiered on 19 January 2013. The show was filmed throughout the summer of 2012 and visited various locations within the United Kingdom.
The programme is a spin-off series and hosted by Kate Edmondson, with vet Dr Scott Miller, dog expert Claire Gillies, also the series producer of "Who Let the Dogs Out?", and superstar duo Ashleigh and Pudsey. The first series aired for 10 episodes in the Saturday 9am slot.
Each episode also features a comedy animation series called "Pet Squad", which is produced by Darrall Macqueen Ltd. This is shown as a 10-minute segment of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="36830941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830941" title="Great Heavens">
Great Heavens

Great Heavens (foaled 28 April 2009) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2012 Irish Oaks. She is owned by Lady Rothschild and trained by John Gosden.
Breeding.
Great Heavens is the daughter of Galileo, who won the Epsom Derby, Irish Derby and King George and multiple Champion sire. Galileo's sire was Sadler's Wells, winner of the Eclipse Stakes and Irish Champion Stakes and multiple Champion sire.
Great Heavens' dam Magnificent Style is the daughter of Silver Hawk. Great Heavens is a full-sister to King George and Eclipse winner Nathaniel. She is also the half-sister to Fillies' Mile winner Playful Act and Sun Chariot Stakes winner Echoes in Eternity.
Racing career.
Great Heavens only started once as a two-year-old, finishing in fifth place in an eight furlong Haydock maiden. Starting her three-year-old season in a Yarmouth maiden she won comfortable from Monshak. She then started the Listed Lord Weinstock Memorial Stakes at Newbury as the 11/8 favourite. Under jockey William Buick she made all the running and won unchallenged. Great Heavens then faced eight rivals in the Lancashire Oaks where she was the 11/4 favourite. She again made all the running and won impressively, beating Pinnacle Stakes winner Shimmering Surf by five lengths.
After this performance she was sent off the 5/4 favourite in the Irish Oaks. The Ribblesdale Stakes winner Princess Highway was at 9/4, with Epsom Oaks winner Was at 5/1 and Epsom Oaks second Shirocco Star at 7/1. As the field of seven turned into the finishing straight Great Heavens was in fifth place. She ran on strongly in the final furlong and took the lead with 100 yards to run. She then drew clear to win by three lengths from Shirocco Star.
On 4 October, Great Heavens' owners paid a supplementary entry fee of €100,000 to run the filly in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. She started the 7.5/1 fourth favourite and fared the best of the British and Irish challengers as she finished sixth behind the upset winner Solemia.
Pedigree.
"Note: b. = Bay, ch. = Chestnut, gr. = Grey"

</doc>
<doc id="36830943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830943" title="Milan Levar">
Milan Levar

Milan Levar (c. 1954 – 28 August 2000) was a Croatian whistleblower, a former officer in the Croatian army.
The Gospić-born Levar was murdered by a bomb placed under his car outside his house in Gospić 28 August 2000, because he had publicly campaigned for justice for victims of crimes committed during the 1991-1995 war in Croatia. After volunteering for the Croatian Army in 1991, according to reports, in 1992 he was ordered to round-up Croatian Serbs for execution which he refused. He had helped to defend the town in 1991 when local Serbs rebelled against Croatia's declaration of independence. In 1991 he witnessed Serbian civilians taken by truck to locations outside of Gospić where they were executed by military police squads and buried in hidden mass graves. Thereafter, he witnessed the plunder of their homes. Levar reported the crimes at the time they occurred but nothing was done. He was so shocked by his own side's actions that he left the military and decided to give evidence to the war-crimes tribunal in the Hague. 
After the war he was contacted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague and interrogated as a potential witness in 1997 and 1998 in connection with war crimes. He helped collecting evidence and finding other witnesses who were also interviewed by the Tribunal. Levar was murdered before giving his testimony in court. 
Investigation into Levar’s death has been so far unsuccessful. The Croatian authorities have stopped informing his widow of the progress of the investigation. She herself has received death threats from unknown individuals on several occasions. The lack of progress in the investigation shows the ongoing climate of impunity and a lack of political will in Croatia to deal with the past. In many cases witnesses have refused to testify citing fears for their safety as the main reason. One of the concerns voiced by the witnesses is the prevailing impunity of the high profile military and political officials who were in position of power during the war. Despite the existence of publicly available information, including evidence from public court proceedings in Croatia, allegations against many of the officials have not been investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="36830944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830944" title="Hottenstein Mansion">
Hottenstein Mansion

Hottenstein Mansion, also known as Huddestystettle, is a historic home located in Maxatawny Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1783, and is a 2 1/2-story limestone dwelling with red sandstone accents in the Georgian style. A rear kitchen addition dates to the mid-19th century. It has a high-pitched gable roof and features a small portico supported by Doric order columns and pilasters.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36830952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830952" title="Đa Bút culture">
Đa Bút culture

The Đa Bút culture (5000-1000 BCE) is the name given to a period of the early Neolithic Age in Vietnam, after the name of the site in Vĩnh Lộc district. The Đa Bút site was excavated in the 1930s by :fr:Étienne Patte, and is a neolithic cemetery distinguished by shell middens. The site has recently been carbon-dated to 5000BCE. The people at the site were hunter-gatherers, and fishermen, with evidence of farming both of livestock and paddy rice.
See Also.
Two Layer hypothesis

</doc>
<doc id="36830957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830957" title="Robert Lynal Andrew">
Robert Lynal Andrew

Robert Lynal "Bob" Andrew (b. April 13, 1944) is a lawyer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Kindersley from 1978 to 1989 as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Eston, Saskatchewan, the son of Robert Elvin Andrew and Elizabeth Ann Ellis, and was educated in Eston and at the University of Saskatchewan, where he received a B.A. in political science and a law degree. From 1967 to 1970, Andrew was employed in the oil and potash industries; he then practised law in Kindersley. He was admitted to the Saskatchewan bar in 1971. Andrew served on the town council for Eston from 1972 to 1974. In 1974, he married Norma Lynne Tunall. 
Andrew worked on Robert Stanfield's campaign in 1968 and also worked on the campaigns for local federal Progressive Conservative candidates in 1972 and 1974. He served in the Saskatchewan cabinet as Minister of Finance, as Minister of Economic Development and Trade, as Minister of Justice and Attorney General and as Minister of Trade and Investment. Andrew resigned from cabinet in October 1989 and from the assembly in December 1989 when he was named agent general in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He left this post in 1991 when the provincial New Democratic Party closed Saskatchewan's trade offices. Andrew was then named to the National Energy Board and moved to Calgary. He was fired from the board in May 1997.
Andrew was ordered to repay $4,225 in the aftermath of the Saskatchewan Progressive Conservative fraud scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="36830967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830967" title="Consort Tang (Han dynasty)">
Consort Tang (Han dynasty)

Consort Tang or Tang Ji (唐姬) was a consort of Prince of Hongnong,
the 13th emperor of the Eastern Han dynasty of ancient China.
Life.
On 28 September 189, Emperor Shao was deposed and demoted to
Prince of Hongnong by Dong Zhuo and was put under house arrest. 
A few months after, in spring 190, a coalition of regional officials and warlords began the punitive expedition against Dong Zhuo from the eastern part of China. Dong Zhuo became afraid that the forces of anti-Dong Zhuo armies would steal Prince of Hongnong from him and make the Prince their own emperor.
In 6 March 190, Dong Zhuo ordered his subordinate and son-in-law, the Prefect of the Household (郎中令) Li Ru to poison to death the Prince of Hongnong.
Prince of Hongnong realized that his death was near, opened his farewell banquet
along with his consorts including Consort Tang.
Prince of Hongnong made a poem:
Prince of Hongnong asked Consort Tang to dance. She sang,
Prince of Hongnong said to Consort Tang that 
"one day you were a consort of an emperor, I hope you do not become a wife of other officials
or common people. By that, keep your dignity intact.", and took the poison.
Afterwards, Consort Tang returned her hometown. Her father Tang Mao (唐瑁) wanted her to remarry, but she refused.
Years later, when Li Jue's army took Chang'an and Li Jue's soldiers plundered its eastern regions, Consort Tang was captured alive by them.
Li Jue wanted to make Consort Tang his concubine, she refused resolutely.
Later, as Jia Xu told this story to Emperor Xian and Emperor Xian called up Consort Tang to Emperor Shao's tomb, and made her as Queen of Hongnong (弘農王妃).

</doc>
<doc id="36830973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830973" title="Brobst Mill">
Brobst Mill

Brobst Mill is a historic grist mill located in Albany Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1780, and is a 2 1/2-story, stone and log mill building. Also on the property is the wheel pit area of the raceway. It was built as part of a larger industrial complex known as Union Iron Works. The mill ceased operation in the 1960s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36830990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830990" title="942d Military Airlift Group">
942d Military Airlift Group

The 942d Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 452d Military Airlift Wing, based at Norton AFB, California. It was inactivated on 1 January 1972.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 942d Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 942dd TCG was one of four C-119 groups assigned to the 452d TCW in 1963, the others being the 943d Troop Carrier Group at March AFB, California; the 944th Troop Carrier Group, also at March AFB, and the 945th Troop Carrier Group at Hill AFB, Utah.
The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. In 1971, the group began phasing out the C-124 and was inactivated on 1 January 1972. The groups 738th MAS was moved to McChord AFB, Washington, and re-equipped with C-141 Starlifters.

</doc>
<doc id="36830996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36830996" title="Reno Olsen">
Reno Olsen

Reno Bent Olsen (19 February 1947) is a Danish cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36831006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831006" title="Hindsight optimization">
Hindsight optimization

Hindsight optimisation (HOP) is a computer science technique used in artificial intelligence for analysis of actions which have stochastic results. HOP is used in combination with a deterministic planner. By creating sample results for each of the possible actions from the given state (i.e. determinising the actions), and using the deterministic planner to analyse those sample results, HOP allows an estimate of the actual action.

</doc>
<doc id="36831019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831019" title="Schwarzhorn (Monte Rosa Massif)">
Schwarzhorn (Monte Rosa Massif)

The Schwarzhorn () is a 4,322-metre-high summit in the Italian Alps.
It is part of the Monte Rosa massif in the Wallis Alps, which lie on the border between Switzerland and Italy. The Schwarzhorn itself lies on the ridge running south from the Ludwigshöhe to the Vincent Pyramid. Its valley settlements are Zermatt in Switzerland and Alagna on the Italian side.

</doc>
<doc id="36831020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831020" title="Quỳnh Văn culture">
Quỳnh Văn culture

The Quỳnh Văn culture is the name given to a period of the Neolithic Age in Vietnam, after the name of the site in :vi:Quỳnh Văn.

</doc>
<doc id="36831044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831044" title="St. Casimir Church, Baltimore">
St. Casimir Church, Baltimore

St. Casimir Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore located in the Canton neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland.
History.
St. Casimir's was established as a parish in 1902, becoming an independent parish in 1904. It was established to serve the needs of the growing Polish American community in Baltimore. The church building was built and dedicated in 1927. By that time the Poles were becoming so numerous in Baltimore that less than a year later another Polish Catholic church was established in a neighboring parish, the Holy Rosary Church. There were over 11,000 Polish immigrants living in Baltimore at the time.
In 2000, the St. Stanislaus Kostka church, another Polish Catholic church in Baltimore, was merged into St. Casimir's and the sacramental registers were transferred to St. Casimir's.
The church is designated as a Polish parish and is administered by the Conventual Franciscans.
Architecture.
The building's overall design is in the Neo-Renaissance style. It is also an example of the Polish Cathedral style.

</doc>
<doc id="36831055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831055" title="Varieties of Anomalous Experience">
Varieties of Anomalous Experience

Varieties of Anomalous Experience: Examining the Scientific Evidence is a book edited by Etzel Cardeña, Steven Jay Lynn and Stanley Krippner, published by the American Psychological Association in 2000 and a second edition in 2013. The book is dedicated to the research of William James.
The authors of the book explore "anomalous experiences" defined as unusual but not necessarily psychopathological phenomena that may hold great significance for those who have them. The book focuses on psychological and neuroscientific research on the experiences, rather than on their ontological nature, and includes near-death experiences, out-of-body experiences, hallucinations, lucid dreams, mysticism, psi-events, and reincarnation. The second edition has 14 chapters written by twenty-two contributors. It has a clear and readable style which makes it suitable for a general audience. 

</doc>
<doc id="36831067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831067" title="Gunnar Asmussen">
Gunnar Asmussen

Gunnar Henry Asmussen is a Danish cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36831079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831079" title="Timeline of Portland, Maine">
Timeline of Portland, Maine

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Portland, Maine, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36831085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831085" title="IRENA Renewable Energy Learning Partnership">
IRENA Renewable Energy Learning Partnership

IRENA Renewable Energy Learning Partnership (IRELP) is an online educational resource developed by the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) to raise awareness of and accessibility to readily available renewable energy education and training.
Background.
There are significant knowledge gaps regarding the availability of education and training programmes, particularly in the case of developing countries where little analysis has been conducted. Moreover, educational systems worldwide are not primed to provide the renewable energy (RE) market with the necessary quality and quantity of skilled workers that are required, consequently hampering its development. 
IRENA aims to dismantle the aforementioned barriers through a collaborative effort to establish a one-stop-shop for renewable energy education and training, namely IRENA Renewable Energy Learning Partnership (IRELP). 
Launched in April 2012 during the third Clean Energy Ministerial in London, it was created to increase and facilitate access to renewable energy education and training, thereby meeting the growing worldwide demand for skilled renewable energy personnel.
Features.
IRELP offers users access to and information on global RE education and training programmes, RE training materials within the library, a database of webinars and an e-learning platform where students receive support through lectures and tutorials. IRELP will also provide a knowledge exchange corner (Forum) where professors and renewable energy experts can collaborate to develop renewable energy curricula.
Partners.
IRELP’s partners include the Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety; Centro de Investigaciones Energéticas, Medioambientales y Tecnológicas (CIEMAT); Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Partnership (REEEP); National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL); La Fundación Centro de Educación a Distancia para el Desarrollo Económico y Tecnológico (CEDDET); York University Faculty of Environmental Studies Sustainable Energy Initiative (SEI); Clean Energy Ministerial (CEM); Regional Center for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency (RCREEE); Canadian GeoExchange Coalition (CGC); International Geothermal Association (IGA); International Hydropower Association (IHA); International Solar Energy Society (ISES) and the World Wind Energy Association (WWEA).

</doc>
<doc id="36831086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831086" title="1978 Venezuelan motorcycle Grand Prix">
1978 Venezuelan motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1978 Venezuelan motorcycle Grand Prix was the first round of the 1978 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 19 March 1978 at the San Carlos Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="36831096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831096" title="Griesemer-Brown Mill Complex">
Griesemer-Brown Mill Complex

Griesemer-Brown Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located on Monocacy Creek in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the 1 1/2-story, stuccoed sandstone mill (1843); 2 1/2-story, stucco over stone farmhouse (c. 1830); 1 1/2-story, stucco over stone, brick and frame summer kitchen (c. 1830); stone and frame barn (c. 1850); two small barns (c. 1900); wagonshed and corn crib (c. 1920); and frame garage (c. 1920). The mill is representative of a country custom mill and built as part of a working farm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36831116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831116" title="Beverly Milton Dyck">
Beverly Milton Dyck

Beverly Milton "Bev" Dyck (May 18, 1936 – August 11, 2012) was an educator and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Saskatoon City Park from 1971 from 1975 and Saskatoon Mayfair from 1975 to 1982 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Laird, Saskatchewan, the son of John H. Dyck, and was educated at the University of Saskatchewan. In 1962, Dyck married Loretta Gander. He taught commerce in high school. After leaving provincial politics, Dyck served on Saskatoon city council from 1985 to 1994. He died at the age of 78 of progressive supranuclear palsy.

</doc>
<doc id="36831118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831118" title="Club throw">
Club throw

The club throw is an athletic throwing event where the object is to throw a wooden club. The event is one of the four throwing events, along with discus, javelin and shot put of the Summer Paralympics. It is the Paralympic equivalent of the hammer throw. The club throw was introduced for both men and women at the first Summer Paralympic Games in 1960. It was dropped from the women's programme from the 1992 Paralympics in Barcelona but was reinstated for London 2012.
Sport rules.
Like other throwing events, the competition is decided by who can throw the club the farthest, though when the event is contested by athletes of different disability classifications, such as the Paralympics, the result is decided by a points score. The club for men and women weighs a minimum of and is normally made from wood with a metal base. The athlete sits in a frame in a throwing area which is within a marked circle between in diameter. The frame is common for each competitor and is rigid. The sport is presently contested at the Paralympics by athletes in the F31, F32 and F51 classes.

</doc>
<doc id="36831134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831134" title="NCPHOBBIES.com">
NCPHOBBIES.com

NCP Inc, dba NCPHOBBIES.com, was founded in 1994 as a local slot car raceway located in Oak Habor, OH. The companies Oak Harbor, OH location featured a 135' 4 lane slot car track, a scale 1/4 mile slot car drag strip, and a large oval slot car track. The company then moved to a new location in Oak Harbor, OH to expande with larger slot car tracks. This second location hosted a variety of national slot car races and featured some of the best slot car racers in the country. 
While in their second Oak Harbor, OH location, in 1998 the company began selling hobby products online through a website, http://www.ncphobbies.com. This website initially offered only HO Slot Car products and later expanded to include 1/32 Slot Cars, 1/24 Slot Cars, and a variety of hobby products. The success of this website propted the company to open a second location in a mall in Toledo, OH. Today, the company sells a variety of hobby products such as slot cars, model rockets, radio control, plastic models, and other hobby items to customers around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36831137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831137" title="Weidner Mill">
Weidner Mill

Weidner Mill is a historic grist mill complex located on Manatawny Creek in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the 2 1/2-story, stone and brick banked mill (1855); 2 1/2-story, stucco over stone farmhouse (c. 1840); 1 1/2-story, stucco over stone, combined smokehouse and spring house (c. 1820); 2 1/2-story, stucco over stone tenant house (c. 1820); stucco over stone bank barn (c. 1850); and the millrace and dam. The mill ceased operation in the 1940s. The mill was built as part of a working farm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36831148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831148" title="Layout hunting">
Layout hunting

Layout boat hunting is a sub specialty of traditional waterfowl hunting which is done in a low profile un-motorized boat made of a unique designs to allow hunter to maintain a close position to the water in order to conceal them in open water. This is a sport with a long history going back to market hunters and punt boats with small cannons mounted to them. The main focus of the layout boat is to put the hunter very close to the decoys if not in them for additional concealment. This makes for very dramatic hunting scenarios where a decoying bird comes extremely close to the hunter and boat.
Most layout boats are used for diver duck or ocean duck hunting where an open deep water waterfowl species frequent. Sometimes they are deployed in marshes for more traditional puddle duck hunting or goose hunting. 
Open water layout boat hunters are well known to be a hearty bunch and are known for operating on the riskier side of Waterfowl Hunting. They are known to target diver ducks such as Blue Bills, Canvasback, Goldeneyes, Scoters and Eiders to name a few. 
Layout Boats come in designs such as pumpkin seed, oval, box like just to name a few. They come in 1 and 2 man models. 
Layout hunters usually deploy large spreads of diver ducks in open water areas. Many successful patterns have been created for these spreads over the years. Some layout hunters will use as many as 300 decoys or more. Layout boats are commonly called "rigs" because the usually require a larger tender boat to do the work of setting up a decoy spread, changing hunter and retrieving downed bird. Tender boats also play a much more important role of watchdog should anything go wrong. Every rig has its own system for setting and retrieving decoys. Some hunters employee long main lines (also called mother lines) with 10 to 20 decoys attached to a single line via short snap ropes. Other hunters use single line decoys with no main line at all. These methods are very effective and all depends how you were mentored into the sport.
Layout boat is positioned very close if not right into the decoy spread making it even harder to distinguish the boat by waterfowl. 1 to 2 hunters lay back flat into the boat hiding themselves from decoying birds. Many times this done on a rotation basis with other hunters working the tender boat. Remarkably small layout (10'-14') boats can weather some rough water very well. 
Layout boats derive most of their success from the fact that the hunter is actually partially submerged below the water line. This practice dates back to days in which hunters hunted waterfowl from sunken boxes with only an inch or two above water. This is outlawed in much of the country but the waterfowler answered back with the layout boats. 
It should be noted that this is the most dangerous of all the waterfowl hunting techniques and should not be undertaken without the guidance of an experienced layout hunter

</doc>
<doc id="36831150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831150" title="Battle of Mount Qi">
Battle of Mount Qi

The Battle of Mount Qi was a military conflict which took place around Mount Qi (祁山; the mountainous regions around present-day Li County, Longnan, Gansu) between the states of Cao Wei and Shu Han in 231 during the Three Kingdoms period. It was also the most vigorous campaign of the five expeditions Shu launched against Wei, resulting in thousands of deaths on both sides. After this campaign ended with Wei as the victor, the Shu regent Zhuge Liang spent three years to recuperate before he launched another assault on Wei in 234.
Background.
In 217, Liu Bei's strategist, Fa Zheng, proposed that Hanzhong could be used as an operational base to either attack the heartland of Wei or ingest the far-left-hook of Wei's Liang and Yong Provinces. Since then, Fa Zheng's plan became a blueprint for Zhuge Liang's expedition against Wei. Zhuge Liang had attempted to invade the northwestern lands via Mount Qi in his first expedition but to no avail; he then changed target to Chenchang, a bridgehead fortress guarding the city of Chang'an. However, staunch defense of the fortress proved to be formidable, swinging Zhuge Liang back to the western attack route. In early 231, Zhuge Liang assembled a force to conquer Longyou, setting Mount Qi as his immediate target. Before Zhuge Liang marched towards Mount Qi, he had envoys sent to rouse the Xianbei and Qiang peoples, urging them to create a disturbance in the Wei rear, and had invented and produced the "wooden ox", which was said to have had greatly improved the logistics.
Battle.
Nevertheless, the goal of seizing Longyou was not an easy target, because Wei's defensive posture in the region was gestured for a probably Shu invasion - Mount Qi was garrisoned by Jia Ji and Wei Ping, forming an initial defence for Tianshui commandery, while Dai Ling (戴陵) and Fei Yao stationed their crack troops at the heartland of Tianshui. Despite the Xianbei leader, Kebineng, had arrived Fuping County to echo the Shu forces, the offensive began with a minor clash at Mount Qi, giving the Wei commander-in-chief, Cao Zhen, an impression that the attack was a diversion to mask a major offensive through the Qinling passes against Chang'an. Therefore, the stricken Cao Zhen gathered the majority of the defence forces inside Chang'an before he was absolved and replaced by Sima Yi. The new commander then ordered Dai Ling and Fei Yao to protect Shanggui with 4,000 elite troops and set out with the rest of his men westward to relieve the mountainous battlefield. Zhang He, an veteran general whose military experience towered above that of Sima Yi's, challenged the marshal by claiming the army should be split to also protect the districts of Yong and Mei, but Sima Yi disagreed, saying the vanguard alone could not resist the enemy. 
On hearing of Sima Yi's advance, Zhuge Liang left part of his army besieging Mount Qi and set out with the remainder to seize Shanggui. Without good coordination, the eager vanguard of Wei defied Sima's simple order to defend–a detachment left the defensive position and stroke the newly arrived Zhuge Liang, but the squad was instead badly defeated. After ridding of the nuisance, Zhuge Liang foraged for the early spring wheat that was available in the vicinity. Sima Yi, after surveying the situation at Mount Qi and Guo Huai's defeat, decided to reinforce the loser and speedily marched to the wheat-field. The two armies met at the east of Shanggui, each held firmly a strategic location and refused to give battle sloppily. Originally, Wei emperor, Cao Rui, wanted to supply Sima's army with the wheat in Shanggui, and turned down the proposal to transport grain from Guanzhong; however, Zhuge Liang's movement was quicker than the young leader anticipated, and only a portion of the wheat produce was retained. To supply the defensive forces, Wei's Yong Province Governor, Guo Huai, asserted his influence upon local nomadic tribes and received plenty of food from them. Thus, the Wei army was able to supply itself without the aid from central government. 
Upon completing the harvest the Shu forces retreated, but they were trailed and caught up by Sima Yi at Hanyang (漢陽), where the follower sent out his general, Niu Jin, to noose Shu forces into a trap the hunter meticulously prepared. However, after the Shu vanguard, Ma Dai, had briefly fought Niu Jin, Zhuge Liang signaled a general retreat toward the eastern end of Qishan ridges, sojourning Shu army at Lucheng (鹵城, Lu Fortress), an ideal site for a showdown. There, Zhuge Liang sent his generals to station on two mountains north and south to the lone fortress, and had soldiers pitched "covering camps" near the riverbanks to take complete rein of the water route. Generals under Sima Yi urged the latter to attack on numerous occasions, but Sima was hesitant to do so upon seeing Zhuge Liang's arrangement. Nevertheless, faced with intensive criticism and ridicule from both enemy and subordinates, Sima Yi eventually relented. In May, Sima Yi sent an earnest Zhang He to attack Shu southern camp guarded by Wang Ping, while he personally led a frontal assault against Lucheng from the central avenue.Pressed by clouds of black-clad guards under the banners of Sima Yi, Zhuge Liang ordered Wei Yan, Wu Ban, and Gao Xiang to resist the horde outside the city wall, where the Wei forces suffered an unexpected and tremendous defeat: 3,000 elite soldiers were killed, and 5,000 suits of armour and 3,100 sets of hornbeam-made crossbows were seized by Shu. Even the loss was heavy, Sima Yi still retained a sizable army, which he led back to its encampment.
After such a resplendent victory, however, Zhuge Liang could not capitalise on it with a major offensive due to dwindling food supply. Adverse weather prevented Shu's logistics from delivering matériel on schedule, and Li Yan, the Shu official responsible for maintaining ration supplies to the front, fabricated that the emperor Liu Shan had ordered a withdrawal. In the "Jin Shu", it is claimed that Sima Yi again launched an attack on Shu garrisons at this juncture, succeeding in capturing Zhuge Liang's outer camps. Zhuge Liang abandoned Lucheng and retreated under the cover of night, but was caught up by Sima Yi, who dealt Zhuge a casualty of roughly 10,000.
There was a dramatic turn during Shu retreat, though. Sima Yi, letting go of his usual cautiousness after his prior success over Zhuge Liang, ordered Zhang He to further pursue the enemy in an attempt to capitalise on their momentum. Weilüe reports that Zhang He refused Sima Yi's order and argued with his superior that an army returning home should not be chased, in accordance with classical military doctrine. Sima Yi, however, refused to listen and forced the general to carry out his fiat. Indeed, Zhang He fell into an ambush at Mumen, where Zhuge Liang had ordered massed crossbowmen to hide at high grounds and fire at approaching enemies when the prey entered a narrow defile. Hemmed by heavy cross-fire, Zhang He was hit by a shaft on his right leg and he died.
Aftermath.
When Zhuge Liang returned to Hanzhong, he received a letter from Li Yan informing him that the food supply was ready and questioning why he had retreated. At the same time, Li Yan sent Liu Shan a memorial which says "the army feigned retreat in order to lure the enemy to do battle" in the hope that Zhuge Liang would resume the war so his failure to transport ration would go unnoticed. However, Zhuge Liang decided to return to Chengdu and show Liu Shan the handwritten letters of Li Yan, so the latter could not deny the fault. At the Shu capital, Zhuge Liang asked the emperor to strip Li Yan off all of his prestige titles and official posts and exile Li to Zitong commandery.

</doc>
<doc id="36831162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831162" title="Pranas Giedrimas">
Pranas Giedrimas

Pranas Giedrimas was a Lithuanian sport shooter.
In 1937 he won silver at 25 m rapid fire pistol individual and team events. In 1939 he won another silver in team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36831171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831171" title="Golder Cottage">
Golder Cottage

Golder Cottage is one of the oldest surviving colonial houses in Upper Hutt, New Zealand. The house is used as a museum of colonial domestic life.
John Golder, a road builder in Wellington, built the cottage in 1876-77. Around the same time he married Jane Martin and together they raised 12 children in the house. The cottage remained in the family for over 100 years until the Upper Hutt City Council bought the property. The Golder's Homestead Museum Society have since renovated the building and now manage the property. 

</doc>
<doc id="36831172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831172" title="Jonas Miliauskas">
Jonas Miliauskas

Jonas Miliauskas is a Lithuanian sport shooter. 
In 1939 he won silver at 25 m rapid fire pistol individual and team events.

</doc>
<doc id="36831178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831178" title="Per Lyngemark">
Per Lyngemark

Per Pedersen Lyngemark, also known as Per Jørgensen, (23 May 1941 – 2 April 2010) was a Danish cyclist. He won the gold medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36831194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831194" title="Bristol Activities of Daily Living Scale">
Bristol Activities of Daily Living Scale

The Bristol Activities of Daily Living Scale (BADLS) is a 20-item questionnaire designed to measure the ability of someone with dementia to carry out daily activities such as dressing, preparing food and using transport.

</doc>
<doc id="36831199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831199" title="Thring">
Thring

Thring is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36831212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831212" title="Abdeslam Al Mesbahi">
Abdeslam Al Mesbahi

Abdeslam Al Mesbahi ( – 1954, Taza) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. Between 2007 and 2012, he held the position of Secretary of State for Territorial Development in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.

</doc>
<doc id="36831214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831214" title="2006 St. Petersburg Open">
2006 St. Petersburg Open

The 2006 St. Petersburg Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 12th edition of the St. Petersburg Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2006 ATP Tour. It took place at the Petersburg Sports and Concert Complex in Saint Petersburg, Russia, from October 23 through October 29, 2006.
The singles draw was headlined by ATP No. 6 Nikolay Davydenko, No. 8 Tommy Robredo, and No. 12 Mario Ančić.

</doc>
<doc id="36831231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831231" title="Cuevas de los Murciélagos">
Cuevas de los Murciélagos

The Cuevas de los Murciélagos are a complex of two volcanic caves on La Palma, Canary Islands. They are located at the Nacientes de Marcos y Cordero (springs of Marcos and Cordero) near the municipality of San Andrés y Sauces in the north of the island. Cueva de los Murciélagos I is located in an altitude of 1220 m, Cueva de los Murciélagos II in an altitude of 1000 m. Both caves have a length of 100 m. The access is not difficult. Though it is a descending tube it is good to walk. On the endpoint of the Cueva de los Murciélagos I is a small firepit in the soil which is slightly more complicated to access. In some areas it has a steep slope. It's a rather old cave where erosion caused by the years is evident, hence the debris is very abundant and they are large blocks of terrestrial material.
The caves host an important breeding colony of the Canary big-eared bat. In the 1980s the Cueva de los Murciélagos I become known as paleontological site where fossil remains of the La Palma Giant Lizard ("Gallotia auaritae") and the Trias Greenfinch ("Carduelis triasi") were unearthed.

</doc>
<doc id="36831235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831235" title="Brown's Hotel (Laugharne)">
Brown's Hotel (Laugharne)

Browns Hotel is a guesthouse and public bar in Laugharne, Carmarthenshire, Wales. It has been owned by Nigel Short since 2006 and was refurbished in 2012. It is known for being the favourite pub of the poet and writer, Dylan Thomas, who lived in Laugharne from 1938-1940, and from 1949-1953 in the Boathouse (latterly known as the Dylan Thomas Boathouse) which is now a museum. Browns Hotel is situated in King Street close to the 18th century market house and town hall in the centre of Laugharne, .
"Brown's Hotel" is owned by Nicholas David Gallivan and Nigel Vernon Short who have both attracted criticism for their attempts to tastelessly develop one of the last wild beaches on the Bulgarian Black Sea coast, the nature reserve Karadere beach. 
History.
Brown's Hotel was built in 1752, as a private house before becoming a hotel in the 19th century. The bar is listed by Cadw. Following in Dylan Thomas' footsteps, other visitors have included U.S. President Jimmy Carter, Richard Burton, Peter O'Toole, Elizabeth Taylor, Patti Smith, Pierce Brosnan and Mick Jagger; the latter two competed to buy a steel bed that Thomas had once slept in when it was owned by landlord Tommy Watts. Brown's was not used as a hotel from 1958 until 2012. It was owned for a time by actor Neil Morrissey before being sold in 2006.
Dylan Thomas.
Dylan Thomas befriended Ivy Thomas, the landlady of 'The Browns' as it is known locally (the apostrophe vanished some years ago). She supplied him with stories and gossip, source material for "Under Milk Wood". He drank there most nights when in Laugharne, with his wife, Caitlin Thomas. He gave the hotel phone number as his own. In a letter to a friend planning a visit in 1938 he wrote, 'Drop in at Brown's Hotel & buy a Felinfoel and ask where we live: they know.' Both he and Caitlin had their wakes in Browns after their funerals in 1953 and 1994 respectively.
Interior.
Browns Hotel has 14 rooms, a conference room, reading room and bar. The hotel was extensively refurbished by Powell Dobson and has a 1950s ambience. The rooms feature period details, exposed stonework, specially commissioned wall-art photography, original beams and hand-made furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="36831244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831244" title="The Great General">
The Great General

The Great General (碧血青天珍珠旗) is a 30-episode 1994 Hong Kong TV series produced by ATV. It is the sequel to the series "Heroic Legend of the Yang's Family", featuring mostly the same cast.
Plot.
Long existed the legend that one can overlord the world with the help of the Banner of Hegemony. During the search for this banner under Song (Cantonese: "Sung") emperor's decree, Joeng Zung-bou takes back a professed owner who turns out to be an assassin to severely injure the emperor, which brings Joeng Zung-bou to jail term as an accused traitor. In the hope of getting some help from judge Baau Cing, Joeng Zung-bou's daughter-in-law Wai Ling-ji runs away in pregnancy and unfortunately encounters a mob working for the ambitious prince Ziu Dak-jam who is plotting conspiracy, but is lucky enough to be rescued by the patriotic general Dik Cing, who then takes their message to Baau Cing and eventually have the Joengs rescued. At this moment, the Banner of Hegemony appears in Western Xia, as Dik Cing and Joeng Zung-bou are ordered to bring it back. On their way, they met Lei Jyun-hou, Emperor of Western Xia who is suffering temporary amnesia and they become sworn bothers with him. Later, Lei Jyun-hou recovers from amnesia and turns back against his brothers to strive for the banner. A bloody war is about to begin.

</doc>
<doc id="36831280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831280" title="Krishna Teja Junior College">
Krishna Teja Junior College

Krishna Teja Junior College was founded in 2003 by C.V.S.Krishnamurthy Teja Charities.
Location.
The Institute is located at Tirupati-Renigunta Highway located in Tirupati of Chittoor District in Andhra Pradesh, 150 km from Chennai City and 250 km from Bangalore City. Krishna Teja Public School, Krishna Teja Pharmacy College, Degree College and Dental College are also located in this campus.
Courses.
The Institute offers courses such as:

</doc>
<doc id="36831288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831288" title="Rieser Mill">
Rieser Mill

Rieser Mill is a historic grist mill and miller's house located in Bern Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1825, and is a 2 1/2-story, rectangular stone banked building with a gable roof. The building replaced an earlier mill on the same site. The miller's house is a "T"-shaped, stone and brick dwelling. It was built in 1784, and enlarged in the late 1800s. The mill is located approximately 1/4-mile from the Rieser-Shoemaker Farm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36831305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831305" title="BC Savanoris">
BC Savanoris

BC „Savanoris“ () is basketball club of Alytus, Lithuania. It was founded in 2011 and replaced BC Alytus in national pyramid of basketball. Because of shortage of direct links with BC Alytus, club started competing in the third tier of Lithuanian basketball, called RKL. Despite the declared aim of getting promotion to second tier, NKL, BC Savanoris lost to BC Olimpas in round of eight-final.

</doc>
<doc id="36831313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831313" title="Ballon d'Or 1960">
Ballon d'Or 1960

The 1960 Ballon d'Or, given to the best football player in Europe as judged by a panel of sports journalists from UEFA member countries, was awarded to Luis Suárez on 13 December 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="36831345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831345" title="John Higgins (swimmer)">
John Higgins (swimmer)

John Herbert Higgins (May 8, 1916 – August 1, 2004) was an American competition swimmer and swimming coach. He competed during the transition time, when breaststroke swimmers were allowed to combine and swimming the butterfly arm stroke with the usual frog kick. Using this technique, he finished fourth at the 1936 Summer Olympics in the 200 m, and set two world records in the 100 m breaststroke event in 1935 and 1936. During the Olympic trials, he set a national record in the 200 m breaststroke that was unbeaten until 1948. During his career, Higgins won 11 national titles and set 10 world records in breaststroke and medley events. In 1971, he was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Higgins was born in Providence, Rhode Island, and joined the local Olneyville Boys' Swimming Club. In 1941, he graduated from the Ohio State University and enlisted to the US Navy. He continued to swim competitively, while serving as a flight instructor in Pensacola, Florida, as well as on aircraft carriers and at naval air stations. He was discharged from active duty in 1954 with the rank of commander and became a civilian instructor and associate professor. From 1950, he acted as the director of aquatic center and the head swimming coach at the US Naval Academy. He left the head coach position in 1973, but remained a swimming instructor and the aquatics director until the 1980s.
As a regular swimmer, Higgins competed for 21 years. Later, he took part in masters competitions and won 18 national titles. He also acted as the president the College Swim Coaches Association and of the International Swimming Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame (1971), the Rhode Island Heritage and Aquatics Hall of Fame, the Ohio State University Sports Hall of Fame, and the Maryland Swimming Hall of Fame. In his 70th, Higgins continued to swim 1.5–2 km in a pool almost daily, despite suffering from arthritis and having an artificial knee. 
Higgins died of pneumonia in Annapolis, Maryland, aged 88. He was survived by a son, John H. Higgins III, a daughter, Joan Graham, four grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. His wife, Betts, died 11 years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="36831349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831349" title="German submarine U-357">
German submarine U-357

German submarine "U-357" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out no patrols. She did not sink or damage any ships.
She was sunk by British warships northwest of Ireland in December 1942.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 19 May 1940 at the "Flensburger Schiffsbau"-Ges yard at Flensburg as 'werk' 476, launched on 31 March 1942 and commissioned on 18 June under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Adolf Kellner.
She served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla from 18 June 1942 and the 6th flotilla from 1 December.
Fate.
"U-357" was sunk by depth charges dropped from the British destroyers and "Vanessa" on 26 December 1942 northwest of Ireland.
36 men died; six survived.

</doc>
<doc id="36831390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831390" title="Lucas Marques da Silva">
Lucas Marques da Silva

Lucas Marques da Silva, commonly known simply as Lucas (born 2 May 1990) is a Brazilian football midfielder who is currently Free agent.
Born in São Paulo, he played in the youth categories of Santos FC and later, already as senior, he played for Brazilian sides Bragantino and Jabaquara and with Mexican Cruz Azul before coming to Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36831393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831393" title="Spannuth Mill">
Spannuth Mill

Spannuth Mill, also known as Crosskill Mill, is a historic grist mill located in Bethel Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1891, and is a three-story, frame building on a stone foundation measuring 40 feet, 4 inches, by 42 feet, 9 inches, with a 50 foot extension. It has a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. Also on the property is a one-story brick building built about 1910. It once housed a boiler. The mill ceased operations in 1982.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36831399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831399" title="Higginson Lecture">
Higginson Lecture

The Higginson Lecture is an annual lecture organised by and held at Durham University. The series was set up in recognition of Sir Gordon Higginson. Each year a leading engineer is selected to make a presentation, from their own perspective, on a topical issue in engineering.
Higginson gave the inaugural lecture himself in 1997. He then attended all of the lectures until 2009, 2 years before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36831424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831424" title="Cremon">
Cremon

Cremon was a marsh island in the Alster river at Hamburg, Germany. Today the site is marked by a street of the same name, in the old part of Hamburg.
The island was the first of the new town, and was outside the former city walls. The land was divided into long, narrow plots, on which typical Hamburg merchant houses were built. Each plot had access to the waterway later called '. Behind the houses was a waterway called the ', which was filled in in 1946. The waterway separating Cremon from the neighbouring island of Grimm, the "", was also filled in after the Second World War.
In 1246 Cremon was absorbed by the city of Hamburg, and together with Grimm formed the parish of the newly built St. Catherine's Church.
The origin of the name is unclear, it may be traced back to a local farmer. The street name has existed since at least 1251 as "Cremun"; a 1289, document mentions "platea Crymon".
In 1937, having survived the Hamburg fire of 1842 and almost one hundred years of urban development, the designation """" was obtained. 
First restoration work began in 1937, but the whole street fell victim to air raids on Hamburg in 1943.
Still located between Fleet Street and Cremon 33-36 (formerly outer dike), is the last of the old historic warehouse of the 18th and early 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36831441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831441" title="Manor of Dyrham">
Manor of Dyrham

The Manor of Dyrham was a former manorial estate in the parish of Dyrham in South Gloucestershire, England.
Descent.
FitzWido.
The Domesday Book of 1086 records the tenant-in-chief of Dyrham as William FitzWido (William son of Guy, Latinised as "Willelmus Filius Widonis"). In 1086 he held 7 hides in Dyrham, formerly the land of Aluric. He had formerly held also 3 hides of this manor which Durand de Pitres, Sheriff of Gloucester, had given to Pershore Abbey, by the King's command. These had apparently (according to Mr Alfred Ellis)been given to Turstin FitzRolf by "Earl William", presumably William FitzOsbern, 1st Earl of Hereford.
Wynebald de Ballon.
The manor then passed into the extensive fiefdom of Wynebald de Ballon, a magnate from Maine, France, who supported King William Rufus, and appears to have arrived in England with his brother Hamelin de Ballon between 1086 and 1088. Virtually the whole of Wynebald's fiefdom had formerly been held by Turstin FitzRolf, standard bearer to William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings, who appears to have rebelled against William II and been banished.
Newmarch.
Dyrham passed with Wynebald's fiefdom, based at North Cadbury, Somerset, to his son-in-law de Newmarch who had married his daughter Mabilia. Wynebald's grandson Henry de Newmarch was raised to baronial status due to his holding of Wynebald's fiefdom "per baroniam", and the resultant feudal barony is referred to as the Barony of North Cadbury, and the Newmarch holder of it as "Baron Newmarch".
Russell.
Henry de Newmarch's heir was his youngest son James who died leaving two daughters co-heiresses to the barony, Isabel the eldest and Hawise. The barony was split, with a moiety going to the husband of each daughter, to be held on her behalf. James de Newmarch had died in 1216 whilst his daughters were still legal infants, i.e. under 18 years old, and the marriage of Isabel, and possibly of Hawise also, was granted by King Henry III to Sir John Russell(died c. 1224) of Kingston Russell in Dorset.
Sir Ralph Russell (born 1204).
Russell married off Isabel de Newmarch to his son Sir Ralph Russell(b.1204), and thus the moiety of the barony of Newmarch containing Dyrham came into the Russell family. The marriage of the other Newmarch heiress, Hawise, seemingly having been sold by Sir John Russell, was acquired by John Botterel, on whose death Hawise married secondly Sir Nicholas de Moels, to which family the other moiety of the barony descended. The Russell family appear to have resided during the 13th and 14th centuries firstly at Kingston Russell and latterly at Yaverland in the Isle of Wight, Hampshire. Ralph and Isabel's daughter Maud(d.1288) (also known as Matilda) married Robert Walerand(d.1273) of nearby Siston, a great magnate and Justiciar to King Henry III(1216–1272). Ralph gave Dyrham as Maud's dowry, but as the couple produced no children, Dyrham reverted to Ralph, as the following entry in the Close Rolls, dated 4 May 1273 at Westminster, shows:
"To Master Richard de Cliff(ord), escheator this side Trent. Order to
deliver the manor of "Derham" to Ralph Russell, together with everything received therefrom from the time of its being taken into the king's hands, as the king learns by inquisition taken by the escheator that Ralph gave his said manor to Robert Waleraund with Matilda his daughter, whom Robert married, to hold to Robert and the heirs of their bodies, with reversion to Ralph in default of such heirs, and that Robert died without an heir of his body, wherefore the manor ought to revert to Ralph".
Clearly the escheator had seized Dyrham believing it to be held by Walerand in his own right. Maud retained Dyrham as her dowry, along with the customary third share in many of Walerand's extensive manors elsewhere, until her death in 1288. By then her father Ralph was dead and the Russell lands had passed into the wardship of Queen Eleanor of Castile, wife of King Edward I, during the minority of Ralph II Russell, son of her deceased brother James. Ralph II, who had married a certain Eleanor(d.1303), died without issue in 1295 whereupon the lands passed to his uncle Robert, 2nd brother of James, who died shortly thereafter in 1298, again without issue, the lands then descending to William, the 3rd brother.
Sir William Russell(1257-1311).
Sir Ralph Russell's 3rd son and eventual heir was Sir William Russell(1257–1311) who married in about 1280 Katherine de Aula, heiress of the de Aula family of the Isle of Wight, who brought to the Russell family the manor of Yaverland, Isle of Wight. Sir William Russell was seated there for the remainder of his life and played a central role in the defence of the Island from the frequent attacks by the French. He was appointed as one of 3 Wardens of the Island and Constable of Carisbrooke Castle, the "caput" of the Island, from which all manors were held under feudal ties. In 1294 he received royal instructions for putting the Island into a proper posture to meet the threatened invasion by France of the southern coasts of England. In 1295, still as a younger son, his brothers being still alive, he was elected to parliament as burgess for Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, where the Russell family held the manor of Little Bedwyn. In 1297 he was summoned by King Edward I to join with his barons to muster in London in preparation for a military expedition crossing over to Flanders. Sir William was summoned by royal writ to be at York on 25 May 1298 to oppose the Scotsman William Wallace. He fought at the Battle of Falkirk, where a great English victory was won. However, the Scottish forces regrouped and Russell was again summoned to join King Edward's army on 24 June 1300 at Carlisle.
He was present at the Siege of Caerlaverock later that year, during which his armourials were recorded in the famous eponymous roll of arms made then by the heralds. Russell was again summoned as "Sir William Russell of the Isle" to be ready at Carlisle in 1301, after which the army wintered with much hardship in Scotland. In 1302 he was appointed for a 2nd time a Warden of the Isle, with Sir John de Lisle. In 1307 Russell received another summons from King Edward I "Hammer of the Scots" to join the royal army at Carlisle within 15 days of July 8, to counter the aggression of Robert the Bruce. Before the campaign commenced, the King determined on knighting his son, and was accorded by parliament the customary feudal aid, a form of taxation, to meet the costs of the splendid ceremony. Russell was appointed as collector of this feudal aid for the county of Southampton. On this occasion the royal army was spared any fighting since Bruce had in the meantime been defeated by the border barons acting independently. King Edward II, just knighted as Prince of Wales, succeeded his father later in the year 1307 and called his first parliament to meet at Northampton, to which Sir William Russell was summoned by writ for the county of Southampton. Russell thereupon relinquished his duties as Constable of Carisbrooke Castle to his successor Nicholas de Bois. In 1308 by letters patent Russell was appointed 1 of 3 justiciaries for the Channel Islands to make enquiry into encroachments to the royal revenues. In 1309 Russell was summoned by royal writ to be ready "with horse, arms, and all his lawful service (i.e. retinue)" at Newcastle upon Tyne, by September 29., to punish the Scots for their non-observance of the truce recently entered into. By now Russell was elderly and being unable to meet the summons in person, he sent knights to serve in his stead. Sir William Russell died in 1311, leaving an only son, Theobald Russell, still a minor aged only 7.
Sir Theobald Russell.
Sir Theobald, as his father, was not based at Dyrham but in the Isle of Wight. He died in 1349 leading local forces against a French invasion of the Isle. He had sub-enfeoffed Dyrham to Roger de Cantock(d.1349), who is recorded as holding the manor in 1347 in the records of the feudal aid of 20 Edward III (1347): 
"De Rogero Cantek pro uno foedo militis in Derham et Henton quod Willelmus Russel quondam tenuit ibidem, XX s" (Received from Roger de Cantock for one knight's fee in Dyrham and Hinton which William Russell once held the same, 20 shillings)
"Master Roger Cantok, parson of the Church of Herdewyk, going to Ireland, has letters nominating Nicholas de Langeton his attorney until Michaelmas, May 2, Westminster"
Sir Maurice Russell.
On his marriage to Isabel Childrey, Maurice was granted the manor of Dyrham by his father, and appears to have set up home here. The marriage settlement entailed the manor of Dyrham and other manors to the progeny of this marriage. He was buried in St. Peter's church next to the manor house, as his funerary brass attests. He married his eldest daughter to his neighbour at Siston, Sir Gilbert Denys(d.1422), with whom he was involved in administrative duties for Gloucestershire. By his 2nd marriage to Joan Dauntsey, Russell had his only son and heir, Thomas, who survived his father by 16 years and died aged about 18 in 1432. On his father's death, Thomas had become a royal ward, and had been found a wife named Margery, of family unknown, but no doubt as a result of his marriage having been sold by his guardian. Margery was pregnant at the time of Thomas's death, but her daughter died as an infant soon after her birth. Thus was extinguished the line of Russell of Dyrham and Kingston Russell. As most of the Russell lands had been entailed to the progeny of Sir Maurice's first marriage, Dyrham passed into the hands of his two daughters by Isabel Childrey, Margaret and Isabel. The right heirs of Thomas would inherit the unentailed Russell lands on the Isle of Wight and elsewhere. Isabel and her 3rd husband Sir John Drayton of Nuneham Courtenay, Oxfordshire, sold their moiety of the Russell inheritance to Margaret and her husband Sir Gilbert Denys of Siston, and thus Dyrham and Kingston Russell descended into the Denys family, which held Kingston Russell until 1543 and Dyrham until 1571.
Sir William Denys.
The first of the Denys family to have resided at Dyrham rather than at the Denys ancestral manor of Siston, appears to have been Sir William Denys(1470–1533), son of Sir Walter Denys(d.1505), who is depicted on the Denys monumental brass in the Church of Olveston, which manor was also held by the family, and Agnes Danvers. His half-uncle was Hugh Denys(d.1511) who had been Groom of the Stool to King Henry VII(1485–1509). It may have been due to the closeness of Hugh to the old King, for he occupied the foremost position of all the courtiers, that Henry's son Henry VIII appointed Sir William as an Esquire of the Body, at some date before 5 June 1511. The new King had not continued Hugh Denys in his post, which was one of some personal intimacy, having appointed his own favourite Sir William Compton(d.1528), but perhaps out of respect for his father's loyal old servant had kept him on as a standard Esquire of the Body for the first 2 years of his reign until Hugh's death in 1511. It was perhaps at the very time of William's appointment as an Esquire of the Body that the King granted him the honour of the licence to empark 500 acres of Dyrham, which is to say to enclose the land with a wall or hedgebank and to establish a captive herd of deer within, with exclusive hunting rights. This grant is witnessed by a charter on parchment, to which is affixed a rare example of a perfect great seal of Henry VIII, now hanging in a frame beneath the main staircase of Dyrham Park. It clearly was handed down with the deeds of the manor on the termination of the Denys era at Dyrham. The charter is of exceptional interest as it is signed as witnesses by men of the greatest importance in the state, who were at the King's side at that moment, at the Palace of Westminster. The text of the document, translated from Latin is as follows:
"Henry by the grace of God King of England and France and Lord of Ireland sends greetings to his archbishops, bishops, abbotts, priors, dukes, marquises, earls, barons, judges, sheriffs, reeves, ministers and all our bailiffs and faithful subjects. Let it be known that we, motivated by our especial grace and certain knowledge of him, have granted for us and our heirs to our faithful servant William Denys, esquire of the Royal Body, to him, his heirs and assigns, the right to empark 500 acres of land, meadow, pasture and wood together with appurtenance at Le Worthy within the manor of "Dereham" in the county of Gloucestershire and enclose them with fences and hedges in order to make a park there. Also that they may have free warren in all their demesne lands within the said manor. No other person may enter this park or warren to hunt or catch anything which might belong to that park or warren without permission from William, his heirs or assigns under penalty of £10, provided that the land is not within our forest.
Witnessed by:
Given by our hand at Westminster on the 5th day of June in the 3rd year of our reign" (1511).
From the size of the present park it appears that only about 250 acres were ultimately enclosed. Sir William served as High Sheriff of Gloucestershire in 1518 and 1526, continuing the tradition of the Denys family which would hold that post on more occasions than any other family.
William Denys married firstly in about 1482, Edith Twynyho, da. of John Twynyho(d.1485), a wealthy cloth merchant of Cirencester, MP for Bristol 1472-5, 1484, and sister-in-law to John Tame(d.1500), the builder of Fairford Church, Glos., business partner of John Twynyho and favoured courtier of Henry VII. The marriage settlement is contained in a charter dated 21 Ed IV (1482), quoted by the Inquisition "post mortem" of Sir William Denys. The marriage produced no issue. William married 2ndly Anne Berkeley, da. of Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 3rd Baron Berkeley, from the leading Gloucestershire family. This marriage accorded to William a considerable status in the county gentry.
In June 1520 Denys was one of the 7 knights of Gloucestershire selected to form part of the 100 nobles and gentlemen appointed to attend King Henry VIII at the Field of the Cloth of Gold, near Calais, where the King was to meet King Francis I of France. Each knight was expected to bring his own retinue, but limited to 10 persons and 4 horses. Denys's former brother-in-law Edmund Tame(d.1534) was also on the Gloucestershire list, but his name was subsequently struck out and replaced, possibly due to ill-health. In a subsequent record Deny's name is shown as erased from the list of those attending the King, with the words "With the Queen" added, suggesting he had been transferred into the retinue of Katharine of Aragon. In 1520 Sir William and Lady Ann founded the "Guild of St. Dennis" in the Church of St Peter, Dyrham, which had about 300 members, not only from Gloucestershire but also from adjoining
counties. The records of the guild are held by Bristol Archives. It is likely that the Patron Saint was selected due to his having the same name as the Denys family, yet the family itself was probably so named not after the saint, but due to its probable Danish origins. There were 3 prominent mediaeval Denys families in the South-West, one from Ilchester, Somerset, one from Devon, and that from Glamorgan which later came to Siston and Dyrham in Gloucestershire. The three families may all have originated from a common root before the era of the mass adoption of armorials, that is to say the first half of the 13th century. The Somerset branch was the most ancient, having disappeared before it might have adopted arms, but the Devon Denys's adopted as their arms three Danish battle-axes, as borne by the King of Denmark and recorded on various rolls of arms. Sir William's younger son, Sir Maurice Denys(d.1563) entangled the family as a whole in his debts which he had accumulated through his property speculation during the Dissolution of the Monasteries and through his construction of Siston Court. This forced his elder brother Sir Walter Denys(d.1571) to sell Dyrham shortly before his death, which was purchased by the Wynter family, from whom it was eventually purchased by the Blathwayte family, builders of the present William & Mary style mansion known as Dyrham Park, said to incorporate some of the structure of the earlier manor house.

</doc>
<doc id="36831442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831442" title="945th Military Airlift Group">
945th Military Airlift Group

The 945th Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 452d Military Airlift Wing, based at Hill AFB, Utah. It was inactivated on 1 January 1973
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 945th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 945th TCG was one of four C-119 groups assigned to the 452d TCW in 1963, the others being the 942d, 943d, and the 944th Troop Carrier Group, at March AFB, California.
The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. In 1971, the group began phasing out the C-124 and was inactivated on 1 January 1973 along with the 733d MAS.

</doc>
<doc id="36831452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831452" title="Public swimming pools in Hong Kong">
Public swimming pools in Hong Kong

Public swimming pools in Hong Kong are managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department (LCSD). There are 43 public swimming pools in Hong Kong; 9 in Hong Kong Island, 13 in Kowloon, and 21 in the New Territories. LCSD manages public swimming pools according to Law of Hong Kong Chapter 132 sections 42 to 45.
History.
Victoria Park Swimming Pool, built and managed by the Urban Council and funded by the Hong Kong Jockey Club, was the first public swimming complex in Hong Kong. The 50 by 20 metre pool was officially unveiled on 16 October 1957 by former Governor Sir Alexander Grantham. It was highly popular with residents, and served over 360,000 over its first year of operation. The spectator stand seated 1,700. This facility operated continuously until 2013, when it was closed and replaced by a new indoor swimming pool (of the same name) on the site adjacent. The old pool will consequently be demolished, sparking some mourning of the loss of a piece of the collective memory of many Hong Kong residents. In response, the LCSD stated they would "explore the possibility" of displaying some items of historical significance, such as the plaque unveiled by Governor Grantham, at the new facility, and planned to make use of "3D laser scanning technology" to record the architecture of the old pool complex.
Kowloon Tsai Swimming Pool, in Kowloon Tsai Park, opened in 1964 as the first public swimming pool in Kowloon. The opening of the facility was publicised internationally in a British Pathé newsreel, which stated a construction cost of £125,000 and highlighted the lack of bathing beaches in the densely populated vicinity.
The first indoor heated public pool, Morrison Hill Swimming Pool in Wan Chai, opened in 1972. While many swimming facilities close in the winter season, the public now has the option of visiting 24 different public heated pools, both indoor and outdoor, which remain open during the colder months. 
Many swimming complexes of the 1960s and 1970s were funded, in part or whole, by the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club. One of these was the Tsuen Wan Swimming Pool, opened 1975, which was the first public swimming pool in the New Territories. The name was changed to Kwai Shing Swimming Pool in 1978. The standardised design of the complex is typical of the era, incorporating two 50-metre pools, changing rooms and lobby located mostly underneath a covered grandstand, and several other smaller teaching pools.
The Pao Yue-Kong Swimming Pool complex, the only public pool in Southern District, was officially opened on 9 July 1977 by then-Governor Sir Murray MacLehose. It is named after Yue-Kong Pao, who donated funds toward its establishment.
The Sha Tin Jockey Club Swimming Pool, the largest pool complex in Sha Tin District, opened in April 1981. The Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club funded the $33 million project in its entirety as to commemorate the opening of the nearby Sha Tin Racecourse. 
Kowloon Park Swimming Pool, opened on 12 September 1989, has undergone several upgrades in recent years. It served as the venue for the aquatics events in the 2009 East Asian Games, and is today has the highest patronage of all pool complexes in Hong Kong, serving over 2000 swimmers per day.
In recent years the LCSD has replaced several older facilities. The new HK$800 million facility at Victoria Park hosts a 50 by 25 metre main pool, a multi-purpose pool with adjustable depth floor and diving platform, and the largest swimming pool spectator stand in Hong Kong, seating 2,500. On 11 May 2011 the first phase of the new Kennedy Town Swimming Pool opened, relocated in order to facilitate West Island Line construction works. On 1 April 2013, the new Kwun Tong Swimming Pool opened on a site directly adjacent to the old pool complex.
Public swimming pool monthly ticket scheme.
The Public Swimming Pool Monthly Ticket Scheme () began on 5 July 2012 (ticket selling started on 21 June). The Leisure and Cultural Services Department is responsible for this scheme.
The then Chief executive Sir Donald Tsang Yam-kuen announced in the 2011-2012 Policy Address the introduction of "monthly tickets for public swimming pools to encourage 
members of the public to swim regularly. Concessionary rates will 
be available for the elderly, people with disabilities, students and 
children. " 
Ticketing offices.
Please refer to Designated Booking Offices of Swimming Pool Monthly Tickets

</doc>
<doc id="36831466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831466" title="William Williams (academic)">
William Williams (academic)

William "Bill" Malcolm Williams (1927-2011) was a Welsh-born Canadian metallurgical engineer. 
Williams was an Emeritus Professor of Metallurgical Engineering at McGill University.
Williams was born in Tonypandy, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales in 1927. He won a scholarship to study at the University of Bristol, rejecting Cambridge because “he didn’t want to dress up for dinner.". 
In the early 1950s, he moved to North America, acivent positions in Rome,Chicago and New York before getting to McGill.
Williams commenced lecturing at McGill University in 1960. According to Jonathan kay, Williams was "a spry, thin, purposeful man. And I often would see him gardening or walking briskly around the neighbourhood in his tapered tweed trilby hat. At McGill, where he taught for more than four decades, until his 75th birthday in 2002, his friends included then-principal David Johnston, whose eloquent tribute to Prof. Williams’ life was read out at this month’s memorial service. But on grounds of concision, I’ll instead relate the four-word summation delivered by Williams’ colleague Rod Guthrie: “a perfect Welsh gentleman."
He died on January 27, 2011 from cancer and a brain tumor.

</doc>
<doc id="36831526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831526" title="Ahmed Lakhrif">
Ahmed Lakhrif

Ahmed Lakhrif ( – 1954, Smara, Western Sahara) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. Between 2007 and 2008, he held the position of Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. He was dismissed from this office on 22 December 2008 when he acquired the Spanish citizenship. He is a member of the CORCAS (Royal Advisory Council for Saharan Affairs).

</doc>
<doc id="36831527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831527" title="Gulabchand Hirachand">
Gulabchand Hirachand

Gulabchand Hirachand Doshi (1898–1967) was scion of Walchand group, noted industrialist, philanthropist and Hindu activist.
Background.
Gulabchand was a son of Hirachand Doshi from his second marriage and was step-brother of Walchand Hirachand, who was born from the first marriage of his father. He was born in Solapur in Maharashtra into a Gujarati Jain family. The name of his other brothers were Lalchand Hirachand and Ratanchand Hirachand.
Activist.
From the years 1944–1945 Gulabchand was President of the Maharashtra Hindu Sabha and close associate of Veer Savarkar. In the 1930s, he was even arrested by British for his nationalist activities
Walchandnagar Industries.
Gulabchand was responsible for the modernization and transformation of the flagship group company, Walchandnagar Industries, from growing sugarcane to diversification into other core manufacturing businesses, when he was given charge of the company by his brother Walchand Hirachand.
Family.
Several sons were born from Gulabchand's two marriages of which Bahubali Gulabchand and Ajit Gulabchand are noted and Ajit now heads several group companies including flagship, HCC Limited. Whereas the other flagship company, Walchandnagar Industries is now run by sons of his brother, Lalchand Hirachand, after family division of businesses, as the founder of the Walchand group, Walchand Hirachand died without any heirs.
Other Works.
Gulabchand was the trustee of various schools, colleges and hospitals run by Walchand group.
Further, he was the author of several book about the Jain religion like Kunda-Kunda Prabhrita sangraha. Volume 9 of Jivaraja Jaina Granthamālā. Authors, Kunda Kunda, Gulabchand Hirachand Doshi, Kailash Chandra Jain

</doc>
<doc id="36831534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831534" title="Battle of Isaszeg (1849)">
Battle of Isaszeg (1849)

The Battle of Isaszeg was a battle in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, fought on 6 April 1849 between the Austrian Empire and Hungarian Revolutionary Army supplemented by Polish volunteers. The Austrians were led by Alfred I, Prince of Windisch-Grätz, while the Hungarians were led by Artúr Görgey. The Hungarians were victorious. The battle was part of the Spring Campaign of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="36831536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831536" title="Erusheti">
Erusheti

Erusheti () was a medieval Georgian fiefdom, currently part of the Ardahan Province in northeastern Turkey, close to the border with Georgia. The district was centered in the eponymous settlement, at the present-day village Oğuzyolu, which, according to the medieval historical tradition, was one of the earliest centres of Christianity in Georgia. Ruins of Christian churches are found throughout the region. In modern Georgia, the name "Erusheti" is preserved as a designation of a mountainous range along the border with Turkey.
History.
The name "Erusheti" was applied by the medieval Georgians to the territory in the Kura or Mtkvari river valley around the eponymous town or fortress, north of Artani (Ardahan), between the Arsiani Range (Yalnızçam Dağları) and Kartsakhi Lake (Aktaş Gölü). Erusheti was contiguous with the province of Javakheti and is considered to have been its "lower" or "western" part.
According to Cyril Toumanoff, Javakheti, together with Erusheti, was part of the Iberian duchy of Tsunda from the 4th or 3rd century BC. While its eastern counterpart was at times conquered by the Artaxiads and Arsacids of Armenia, Erusheti/West Javakheti firmly remained within the Iberian realm, eventually becoming a Bagratid domain 780.
The Georgian historical tradition makes Erusheti, along with Mtskheta and Manglisi, one of the earliest church establishments in Kartli (Iberia) following King Mirian's conversion to Christianity in the 330s. According to the 11th-century historian Leonti Mroveli, Erusheti was the first place which the bishop John of Kartli, returning from his mission to Constantinople with a group of Byzantine priests and masons, chose to build a Christian church. There, the chronicle continues, he left a treasure and the nails of the Lord brought from Constantinople, to the disappointment of King Mirian who wanted to have the relics at his capital, Mtskheta. The church at Erusheti was further adorned by one of Mirian's successors Mihrdat III later in the 4th century and it became a seat of the homonymous bishopric under Vakhtang I in the 5th century. Erusheti was dispossessed of its holy relics by the Byzantine emperor Heraclius who passed through Kartli during his war with Iran in the 620s.
After the Ottoman Empire took over Erusheti as part of its acquisitions in southwestern Georgia in the 16th century, Christianity and the Georgian culture went in steady decline. The early 18th-century Georgian scholar Prince Vakhushti reported that a cathedral church still stood in Erusheti, but it was no more in use. The Georgian archaeologist Ekvtime Takaishvili, visiting Erusheti in 1902, found that only the elderly could understand the Georgian language. He identified a three-nave basilica at the village of Oğuzyolu, near Hanak, as the church of Erusheti, of which only a ruined apse was found by Bruno Baumgartner in 1990. Of other monuments described by Takaishvili, the domed tetraconch church of St. George of Gogubani or Gogiuba, at Binbaşak, now stands in ruins and nothing remains of an important cruciform domed church of the Holy Mother of God of Tsqarostavi at Öncül. Better preserved are single-nave churches at Berki (Börk) and Chaishi (Kayabeyi), the latter currently being in use as a mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="36831539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831539" title="Delhi in a Day">
Delhi in a Day

Delhi in a Day is a 2011 Hindi independent film directed by Prashant Nair. The film was released on 24 August 2012 in cinemas. As per director Prashant Nair his film uses flashes of comedy to shine a light on the uncomfortable realities of contemporary life in a country that has been transformed in many ways by two decades of economic growth. The film features Victor Banerjee, Vidya Bhushan, Lillete Dubey, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Arun Mallick Kumar, Anjali Patil, Lee Williams and Dinesh Yadav.
Plot.
Jasper (Lee Williams) has arrived in Delhi to begin a tour of India, where the newness of his surroundings quickly prove overwhelming. As he is drawn into the dynamics of his host family, the Bhatias, he finds that his mere presence has upset the natural order of things. Jasper finds that the first day of his journey is possibly more than he bargained for.
Production.
Casting and filming.
Movie is set in sprawling bungalow in a posh part of New Delhi.
Reception.
Critical Reception.
Delhi In A Day had mostly positive reviews. There's something immensely charming and instantly likeable about Prashant Nair's Delhi In A Day that makes you settle into the plot rather comfortably, quite early on in the film said Sudhish Kamath of The Hindu. It is a complete package - a simple story well-told, natural performances and the right dose of entertainment too said Troy Ribeiro of Yahoo Movies. "As a standalone story, Delhi in a Day is watchable. But the moment it attempts to make a statement on the socio-economical strata, you feel like calling it a day." said Gaurav Malani of Times Of India. "Overall, ‘Delhi in a Day’ is a simple film which is not made with a preoccupied mind. It largely remains sweet but conveys the point strongly." said Rohit Vats of IBNLive. "Though it’s not mainstream cinema, Delhi In a Day has all the ingredients for an entertaining flick. It's a must watch." said Zinnia Ray Chaudhuri of DNA.
Festivals & Awards.
Delhi In A Day has been very active on film festivals over last 6 months. During this time it has also won several awards. Below is the list of festival it has visited and awards it has won:

</doc>
<doc id="36831564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831564" title="Lauriston, Strathfield">
Lauriston, Strathfield

Lauriston is a historic house in the Sydney suburb of Strathfield. The house is now located within the grounds of Santa Maria Del Monte, the junior campus of Santa Sabina College, and is situated on the corner of The Boulevarde and Margaret Street, Strathfield. It is a heritage listed item on the Municipality of Strathfield's Local Environmental Plan.
History.
Amy Alfreda Vickery (1867-1942) built Lauriston in 1907. She was the daughter of Ebenezer Vickery (1827-1906), a merchant, manufacturer, philanthropist and politician. Following her father's death, Amy Vickery's cousin, Alfred Newman, designed her new house. She was a stamp collector and won gold medals in stamp exhibitions in Sydney in 1932 and 1938. Her collection is now on permanent loan to the Powerhouse Museum and numbers over 1,800 mounted pages. Following Vickery's death in 1942, the property was leased by the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Sydney. Four years later Trinity Grammar School Preparatory School as a sub-primary school and boarding house. The school bought the property in 1951 for £21,000. The Dominican Sisters purchased Lauriston in 1967 after Trinity amalgamated its whole prep school at Llandilo, further south on The Boulevarde. Having purchased the property for over $200,000 Lauriston joined Brunyarra as part of the junior school of Santa Sabina College.

</doc>
<doc id="36831585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831585" title="Estádio Parque Esportivo Montanha dos Vinhedos">
Estádio Parque Esportivo Montanha dos Vinhedos

Estádio Parque Esportivo Montanha dos Vinhedos is a stadium in Bento Gonçalves, Brazil. It has a capacity of 15,269 spectators. It is the home of Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.

</doc>
<doc id="36831589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831589" title="Walter Ruben (Indologist)">
Walter Ruben (Indologist)

Walter Ruben (26 December 1899 – 7 November 1982) was a German Indologist. His main contribution was on the social history of ancient India and on the history of Indian philosophy and literature.

</doc>
<doc id="36831625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831625" title="Lindolfinho">
Lindolfinho

Estádio Lindolfo Monteiro is a stadium in Teresina, Brazil. It has a capacity of 15,269 spectators. It is the home of Ríver Atlético Clube of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.

</doc>
<doc id="36831626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831626" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T37">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T37

The Men's 100 metres T37 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 8 September.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Paralympic records were as follows.
Results.
Round 1.
Competed 8 September 2012 from 19:16. Qual. rule: First 3 in each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest other times (q) qualified.
Final.
Competed 8 September 2012 at 10:00.
Q = qualified by place. q = qualified by time. WR = World Record. RR = Regional Record. PB = Personal Best. "DQ" = Disqualifed.

</doc>
<doc id="36831629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831629" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T37">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T37

The Men's 200 metres T37 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 31 August.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Paralympic records were as follows:
Results.
Round 1.
Competed 31 August 2012 from 11:33. Qual. rule: first 3 in each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest other times (q) qualified.
Final.
Competed 31 August 2012 at 20:08.
Q = qualified by place. q = qualified by time. PR = Paralympic Record. RR = Regional Record. PB = Personal Best.

</doc>
<doc id="36831635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831635" title="Miss Earth 2013">
Miss Earth 2013

Miss Earth 2013, the 13th edition of the Miss Earth pageant, was held on December 7, 2013 at the Versailles Palace, Alabang, Muntinlupa City, Philippines. Miss Earth 2012 Tereza Fajksová from Czech Republic crowned Alyz Henrich from Venezuela as the new Miss Earth.
Results.
Placements.
Top 16 Announcements<br>
1.Austria<br>
2.Turkey<br>
3.Korea<br>
4.Chile<br>
5.Mexico<br>
6.France<br>
7.China<br>
8.Mauritius<br>
9.Thailand<br>
10.Spain<br>
11.Poland<br>
12.USA<br>
13.Philippines<br> 
14.South Africa<br>
15.Venezuela<br>
16.Serbia<br>
Top 8 Announcements<br>
1.Austria<br>
2.Korea<br>
3.Mexico<br>
4.Thailand<br>
5.Poland<br>
6.Philippines<br>
7.Venezuela<br>
8.Serbia<br>
Challenge Events.
Evening Gown Final Competition.
The 2013 Evening Gown Final Competition was held at the Grand Ballroom of Crimson Hotel Filinvest City and here are the winners:
Swimsuit Preliminary Competition.
The 2013 Swimsuit Preliminary competition was held at F1 Hotel and Hannah Beach Resort and Convention Center and here are the Top 15:
Talent Preliminary Competition.
The 2013 Talent Preliminary competition was held at Skye W High Street, A-Venue Mall and New World Hotel and here are the Top 15:
"Resorts Wear Preliminary Competition ".
The 2013 Resorts Wear Preliminary competition and here are the Top 15:
Miss Friendship 2013.
Each group of the Miss Earth 2013 took a bit of time off from their rigid (but fun) rehearsals at the Versailles Palace, Alabang to cast their votes for the special title of Miss Friendship.
Miss Photogenic 2013.
The 2013 Miss Earth Photogenic Competition was conducted through online fan voting system and here are the winners:
Miss Eco Beauty 2013.
The 2013 Miss Earth Eco Beauty award was selected through online fan voting system and here are the winners:
"M.E National Costume Competition ".
The "Miss Earth 2013 National Competition" was held last November 25, 2012 at the F1 Hotel in Taguig City.
I Love My Planet Schools Campaign.
The "I Love My Planet School Tour Challenge" was held last November 18, 2013. The following candidates were chosen as the Best School Tour Teachers:
Most Child Friendly.
In the same event, the following candidates were chosen as the Most Child Friendly:
Contestants.
89 delegates have been selected to compete:
Other Pageant Notes.
Crossovers.
Contestants who previously competed or will compete at other beauty pageants:
International broadcasters.
1Delayed Telecast on December 8, 2013 (10:00 AM Philippine Standard Time)

</doc>
<doc id="36831636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831636" title="Summoning the Bygones">
Summoning the Bygones

Summoning the Bygones is the third full-length studio album by BILOCATE. It was released four years after "Sudden Death Syndrome". Quoted is a description of the album written by BILOCATE: "Summoning The Bygones is BILOCATE's early visions presented in a new outfit, we've always felt that Dysphoria has much value to offer to listeners, however, maybe it got somehow underrated due to the weak sound quality (compared to SDS), so we'd like to share the same spirit and music and ideas with our listeners but with more proper arrangements, production, and sound quality.
The album also includes a modified version of "Days of Joy" under a new name (which is actually the very first name this song had originally when it was created in 2003, in addition to a brand new song and a cover song, we hope you'd enjoy Summoning the Bygones.
As its predecessor Sudden Death Syndrome, the album was Co-produced, Mixed and mastered at Fascination Street Studios, Orebro - Sweden by Jens Bogren
The artwork of the album Summoning the Bygones has won the Metal Riot's JUNE ULTIMATE COVER ART SHOWDOWN.

</doc>
<doc id="36831638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831638" title="Nabil Qaouk">
Nabil Qaouk

Nabil Qaouk (also spelled Qaouq, Kaouk, and Kawook) is a member and deputy member of the executive council of Hezbollah.
Education.
Qaouk studied religion in Qom and also attended military training in Iran.
Career.
Qaouk is the top official in south Lebanon for Hezbollah. In addition, he is commander of Hezbollah and has the title of general. He is also deputy head of Hezbollah’s executive council.
Attacks.
Qaouk's offices in Tyre were hit by Israeli forces during the Israel-Lebanon war in July 2006.
Personal life.
Qaouk is married and has six children.

</doc>
<doc id="36831642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831642" title="Akila Dananjaya">
Akila Dananjaya

Mahamarakkala Kurukulasooriya Patabendige Akila Dananjaya Perera (born 4 October 1993 in Panadura, Western Province) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. The son of a carpenter from Panadura, Dananjaya is another installment of Sri Lanka's long line of unorthodox spinners. Officially a left-hand batsman and an off-break bowler, he is said to have seven variations, including the leg-break, googly, carrom ball, doosra and his stock off-spinner that had impressed national team captain Mahela Jayawardene so much in the nets as to make Jayawardene request him to be fast-tracked into the national squad. Dhananjaya had at that point played no first-class, List A, T20 or even U-19 cricket. This in turn led to controversy as his selection was questioned by the media on the basis of a net performance.
He was selected to play for Wayamba United in the inaugural Sri Lanka Premier League. In only his second match for the franchise, he took 3-18 against Nagenahira Nagas, consistently disturbing the batsmen with his flight, googly and other variations. This in turn led to a place in the final squad for the 2012 ICC World Twenty20. In the 2013 IPL auctions, Dananjaya was sold to the Chennai Super Kings for his base price of $20,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36831649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831649" title="Estádio Municipal 14 de Dezembro">
Estádio Municipal 14 de Dezembro

Estádio Municipal 14 de Dezembro is a stadium in Toledo, Brazil. It has a capacity of 20,280 spectators. It is the home of Toledo Colônia Work.

</doc>
<doc id="36831652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831652" title="Battle of Isaszeg">
Battle of Isaszeg

There have been two Battles of Isaszeg in history of Hungary:

</doc>
<doc id="36831694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831694" title="Monica Elman">
Monica Elman

Monica Elman (born 1955) is a Romanian author and television host. She is a physician specializing in aesthetic dermatology and dermatological surgery.
Personal background.
Monica Elman was born in 1955, in Bucharest, Romania. In 1990, following completion of her medical education, she participated in an internship at the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center.
Professional background.
In 1995, Elman established the first clinic to offer aesthetic laser treatments in Israel. She also speaks and leads training courses and workshops around the globe. She has conducted research and study in skin rejuvenation, laser hair removal, and blue light acne treatments. She also advises the public through various TV shows and news articles. In 2011, she co-authored the medical textbook, "Aesthetic Applications of Intense Pulsed Light", with colleagues Lucian Fodor and Yehuda Ullmann. The book focuses on treatments using intense pulsed light and its various applications, which is intended for continuing education for medical professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="36831697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831697" title="Moscow International Automobile Salon">
Moscow International Automobile Salon

The Moscow International Automobile Salon or MIAS () is the biennial auto show held at Crocus Expo in Moscow, Russia. The show is scheduled by the Organisation Internationale des Constructeurs d'Automobiles, which considers it a major international auto show. The organizers are the Association of Russian Carmakers NP and the Expo Centre. Numerous dealer conferences organized by car producers are forming the integral part of the program. In 2010 it received the status of 'A' high class automobile salon.
Major car producers like Audi, BMW, Cadillac, Citroen, Chevrolet, Сhrysler, FIAT, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Infiniti, Isuzu, Jaguar, KIA, Land Rover, Lexus, Mazda, Mercedes-Benz, MINI, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Opel, Peugeot, Porsche, Renault, Skoda, SsangYoung, Subaru, Suzuki, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volvo, VAZ, GAZ, and UAZ are the participants of MIAS.
2006.
The 2006 show was held from 30 August to 10 September.
2008.
The 2008 show was held from 26 August to 7 September.
Introductions:
2010.
The 2010 show was held from 25 August to 5 September.
Introductions:
2012.
The 2012 show was held from 29 August to 9 September.
Introductions:
The Best Automobile of the Moscow International Automobile Salon’2012 was for the first time held within the frames of MIAS’2012. Bentley Continental GT Speed was awarded the "Car of Dream" grand prize.

</doc>
<doc id="36831707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831707" title="Seraj">
Seraj

Seraj-1 is a military speed boat manufactured by Iran. It is based on the British made Bradstone Challenger, a Bladerunner 51, which holds the record for the fastest circumnavigation of Britain. Militarized speed boats have been the core of the Iranian military doctorine since their commanders believe that speed boats can counter USA's massive warships.
History.
Sales of Bladerunner 51 were blocked to Iran by the west; however, in 2009, Iran managed to obtain one from a South African arms dealer. Iran created its militarized version of Bladerunner 51, named Seraj-1, in 2010. The designer of Bladerunner, Lorne Campbell, expressed his frustration that Iran has copied his design. Commander of IRGC Naval Force, Rear Admiral Ali Fadavi said that the Seraj-1 will be mass produced from March 2011 to March 2012. Fadavi has also announced that Irans navy aims to increase the speed of the militarized boats to 80-85 knots in the near future and even up to 100 knots thereafter. These planned speed boats would most probably be named Seraj-2, Seraj-3 etc, since boats with that speed and the stability to carry weapons would depend on the Seraj-1 design.
Specification.
Defence minister Ahmad Vahidi has stated that "Seraj-1, with a fiberglass bodywork, can shoot rockets and it is equipped with an electronic navigation system."  Seraj-1 also possesses radar-evading capabilities.  The Seraj-1 is equipped with a 107 mm MRLS and bow mounted DShK 12.7 mm HMG.  An advantage of the Seraj-1 is that, just like the Bladerunner 51, it is very stable at high speeds in rough seas, thereby creating a stable platform to fire weapons.  Consequently Ahmad Vahidi described the Seraj-1 as, "(A) vessel (which) is a fast and offensive rocket launcher designed for regions with tropical weather."  As it is based on the Bladerunner 51, the Seraj-1 is probably capable of speeds between 55 knots (63 mph) and 72 knots (83 mph).

</doc>
<doc id="36831730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831730" title="Djibouti at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Djibouti at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Djibouti made its Paralympic Games début at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
The country was represented by a single athlete in middle distance running. He did not win a medal.
Athletics.
Houssein Omar Hassan, a right arm amputee, competed in the men's 1,500m T46 (a category for athletes with disabilities affecting the upper limbs or torso). He was cheered home by the London crowd as he finished seven minutes behind every other athlete; he ran more than two laps alone on the track after every other athlete had crossed the finish line. He told an official that "he had suffered an achilles injury early in the race but, as Djibouti's sole representative, had been determined to finish the race".

</doc>
<doc id="36831753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831753" title="Estádio Zequinha Roriz">
Estádio Zequinha Roriz

Estádio Zequinha Roriz is a stadium in Luziânia, Brazil. It has a capacity of 22,000 spectators. It is the home of Associação Atlética Luziânia.

</doc>
<doc id="36831778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831778" title="Kotoinazuma Yoshihiro">
Kotoinazuma Yoshihiro

Kotoinazuma Yoshihiro (born 26 April 1962 as Masahiro Tamura) is a former sumo wrestler from Niiharu, Gunma, Japan. He made his professional debut in 1978, and reached the top division in 1987. His highest rank was "komusubi" and he earned two special prizes. After retirement he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association and is currently a coach at Sadogatake stable.

</doc>
<doc id="36831790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831790" title="Guinea-Bissau at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Guinea-Bissau at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Guinea-Bissau made its Paralympic Games début at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
The country was represented by two athletes, both in track events.
Athletics.
Ussumane Cande competed in the women's 100m and 400m T46 (a category for athletes with disabilities affecting the upper limbs or torso).
Cesar Lopes Cardoso competed in the men's 400m T46.

</doc>
<doc id="36831791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831791" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions SH1

The Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 5 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 40 shots with a rifle at 50 metres distance from each of the prone, "standing" and kneeling positions. Scores for each shot were in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 10 shots in the standing position. These shots scored in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 130 shots were used to determine the final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36831796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831796" title="Divolvo">
Divolvo

Divolvo S.A. (translated "from Volvo") is the name of a former car and motor vehicle manufacturer. It was headquartered in Arica, Chile. The company was founded in 1960 as a joint venture between the Swedish vehicle manufacturer Volvo Personvagnar and Det Norske Veritas. Until the overtake by military administration in 1977, Divolvo was an important company of the Northern Chilean economy.
Divolvo started the production of the Volvo 122S in summer 1965 two years after the construction of Volvo's first plant in Halifax, Canada. Approximately 3,000 units of the model were produced until the production ended in 1967. After that, Divolvo had manufactured engines which were supplied to any Volvo assembly plants. At this time, the Arica plant had the only training center for Volvo in Latin America. Furthermore, the service of the imported models P1800, PV544 and the local manufactured 122S was maintained.
In 1975, the plant was converted again, and was now destined for the production of buses, tractors and trucks. After completion of the conversion, the plant was operating under the name Comercial Automotriz Divolvo S.A. Divolvo remained as the only South American training center and production base until the start-up of the Brazilian Volvo do Brasil Veículos Ltda. two years later, which was also intended for the production of trucks for the Latin American market. As the Brazilian branch steadily grew, Divolvo was mainly inhibited by the economic situation during the period of dictatorship under Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte. In the early nineties, the plant was renovated. The sales rose against the expectation of the group slowly, so that Volvo at the beginning of the new millennium had decided to close the plant. During the year 2001, after the consumption of all inventories, the closure was completed.
In late 2003 Volvo returned to the Chilean market with an subsidiary. It is named Volvo Chile Ltda. and located in Santiago de Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="36831802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831802" title="Harthama ibn A'yan">
Harthama ibn A'yan

Harthama ibn A'yan (died June 816) was a Khurasan-born general and governor of the early Abbasid Caliphate, serving under the caliphs al-Hadi, Harun al-Rashid and al-Ma'mun. He played an important role in the victory of al-Ma'mun in the Abbasid civil war, but was executed at his orders when he protested against the power of the Sahlid family that dominated his court.
Biography.
A native of Balkh, Harthama was a "mawla" of the Banu Dabba tribe. He first appears during the reign of the second Abbasid Caliph, al-Mansur (reigned 754–775), as one of the supporters of the Abbasid prince and heir-apparent Isa ibn Musa. Isa was forced to renounce his claim on the throne in favour of al-Mansur's son, al-Mahdi (r. 775–785), who had Harthama brought to Baghdad in chains and kept him under arrest throughout his reign.
Under al-Mahdi's son and successor al-Hadi (r. 785–786), however, he was released and rose to prominence as one of the Caliph's closest advisors. At one point he is said to have recommended that the Caliph should execute his younger brother and heir-apparent, the future caliph Harun al-Rashid (r. 786–809) to open the path for the succession of al-Hadi's own sons, but this plan was foiled through the intervention of the Caliph's mother, al-Khayzuran. Nevertheless, when al-Hadi died it was Harthama himself who released Harun from prison. 
He continued to enjoy a privileged position and high office under Harun as well, serving as governor of Palestine, Egypt, Mosul and then Ifriqiya, before assuming command of the caliphal guard ("haras") under the supervision of Harun's truseted vizier, Ja'far ibn Yahya the Barmakid. From this post he played a role in the downfall of the Barmakids in 803, and established himself as one of the Caliphate's senior military leaders. He also led two summer raids into Asia Minor against the Byzantines. When the large-scale rebellion of Rafi ibn al-Layth broke out in Khurasan in 805–806 and the local governor, Ali ibn Isa ibn Mahan, proved himself incapable of suppressing it, al-Rashid sent Harthama to replace him, following himself shortly after, in 808.
Harthama was in Samarkand when al-Rashid died at Tus in March 809, and remained in the east after. Consequently he threw in his lot with al-Ma'mun (r. 813–832) in the civil war against al-Amin (r. 811–813), and was along with Tahir ibn Husayn one of the two commanders of al-Ma'mun's army during the crucial year-long siege of Baghdad in 812–813. During the siege he led the attack from the east while Tahir commanded from the west. In the final stage of the siege, Harthama tried unsuccessfully to secure the surrender and life of al-Amin, by sending a boat to ferry him over the Tigris. The boat, however, capsized, and al-Amin was captured and executed by Tahir's men.
Harthama remained in Iraq after that, and played a leading role in defeating the pro-Alid revolt of Abu 'l-Saraya al-Sirri in 815. Soon after he was appointed as governor of Arabia and Syria, but instead of taking up his post Harthama went east with the intention of appraising al-Ma'mun, who had remained in Merv, of the real situation in Iraq, and especially the resentment caused by the government's domination by a group of Khurasanis around al-Ma'mun's vizier, al-Fadl ibn Sahl. Al-Fadl and his supporters were however able to turn al-Ma'mun against Harthama, who was imprisoned and executed in June 816. In response to the news of his execution, Harthama's son Hatim, the governor of Arminiya, led a rebellion that was however cut short by his own death. Another son, A'yan, governor of Sistan ca. 820, is also known, and his descendants through Hatim continued to occupy high offices until well into the 9th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36831831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831831" title="Battle of Isaszeg (1265)">
Battle of Isaszeg (1265)

The Battle of Isaszeg was fought between King Béla IV of Hungary and his son, Stephen, who served as Junior King and Duke of Transylvania. Stephen defeated his father's army in the subsequent peace Béla was obliged to cede the government of the Eastern parts of his kingdom again to his son.
On 23 March 1266, father and son confirmed the peace in the Convent of the Blessed Virgin on the Nyulak szigete ('Rabbits' Island').

</doc>
<doc id="36831835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831835" title="3200th Proof Test Group">
3200th Proof Test Group

The 3200th Proof Test Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last active with the Air Armament Center, based at Eglin AFB, Florida. It was inactivated on 1 July 1953.
History.
Established by the Air Armament Center at Eglin AFB in 1948, being formed from the 3200th Air Transport Test Squadron, and taking over the mission of the World War II 1st Proving Ground Group. During its existence, the units mission was heavily classified. Mission was service testing, training and demonstrations of weapons systems under development. Was equipped with B-50 Superfortress, F-80 Shooting Star, F-84 Thunderjet, F-86 Sabre, B-45 Tornado, Hughes XF-11, Republic XF-12 Rainbow, SA-16 Albatross, C-119 Flying Boxcar, Hughes XH-17 Helicopter and other systems. The group operated a climate-controlled hangar to test aircraft in arctic cold conditions to desert and subtropical humid heat.
In the spring of 1949 launched Republic-Ford JB-2 missiles from underneath the wings of B-36 Peacemaker aircraft. About a year later, JB-2s were tested as aerial targets for experimental infrared gunsights, being launched from Wagner Field (Formerly: Eglin Air Force Auxiliary Field #1) as part of project MX-544. 
The 4th F-82B Twin Mustang (44-65163) was fitted with retractable pylons under the outer wings capable of mounting 10 High-Velocity Air Rockets (HVAR) each, which folded into the wing undersurface when not in use. This installation was not adopted on later models, the standard "tree" being used instead. The 13th aircraft (44-65171). was experimentally fitted with a center wing mounted pod housing an array of recon cameras, and was assigned to the 3200th Photo Measurement and Analysis Squadron, being designated, unofficially, the RF-82B (the aircraft designation changed to F-82 in 1948).
An F-84 Thunderjet was modified by the 3200th Fighter Test Squadron to carry 32 six-inch HVARs and was used for ground attack tests on concrete structures, armored vehicles and bridges. 
Other testing included operational suitability of TM-61 Madador guided missile for tactical operations, testing of YH-12 helicopter to develop tactics and techniques to be used in assault helicopter operations, and tests involving operational suitability of B-47 Stratojets. Participated in the National Air Race at Detroit, Michigan in 1951, winning the Bendix Trophy flying an F-86 Sabre.
Inactivated in July 1953, mission, personnel and equipment reassigned to new 3206th Test Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36831851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831851" title="Angeles City Cable Television Network">
Angeles City Cable Television Network

ACCTN or Angeles City Cable Television Network is the sole cable television service provider in Angeles City, Pampanga. The cable company was founded in 1996, and is a direct subsidiary of ComClark Network and Technology Corporation which is primarily an internet service and solutions provider
ACCTN is one of the first provincial-based cable television providers to implement a network-wide digitization of their service signals. In 2012, the company announced that it will soon offer HD channels to its subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="36831872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831872" title="Grimm 31">
Grimm 31

Grimm 31 was a Hamburg merchant's house on the island of Grimm in the center of Hamburg, Germany.
The house was built in the first half of the 16th Century and destroyed in 1943 by bombs. 
It is known mainly for its ornate wooden ceiling from the second half of the 17th Century, which has been in the Hamburg History Museum since 1922. The ceiling was commissioned by the then owner, the merchant Christian Hasenbank. 
The fully decorated pine ceiling was one of many examples in Hamburg merchant houses, but is probably the only 17th century example to remain accessible. The painting is by an unknown artist on pine boards, 151 of which are still preserved. In the Hamburg Museum it is reconstructed on 17 joists with a further 68 boards added. The Baroque artwork includes putti and other figures in playful and bawdy acts. Within the image, there are several jokes: it shows Cain and Abel, referring to an old Hamburg saying, that "The Grimm" is the oldest street in the world, because according to the Bible, Cain slew Abel """" ("in a rage").
The house's 1691 portal was typical of the houses in Grimm and Cremon. As with other houses from the late 17th Century, the portal and windows were almost equal elements of the facade. The portal itself was adorned with plant motifs and an angel's head. The mermaids, who also graced the portal, were probably the only ones of their kind in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36831876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831876" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle standing SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle standing SH1

The Men's 10 metre air rifle standing SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 31 August at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with an air rifle at 10 metres distance from the "standing" (interpreted to include seated in wheelchairs) position. Scores for each shot were in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 10 shots. These shots scored in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots were used to determine the final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q – Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36831886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831886" title="Larisa Gorchakova">
Larisa Gorchakova

Larisa Veniaminovna Gorchakova (, also spelled Gortchacova; born 9 July 1964) is a Russian backstroke swimmer, who won a bronze medal at the 1982 World Aquatics Championships and three medals at the 1981 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and finished sixth in the 100 m and eights in the 200 m backstroke events. Between 1981 and 1984, she won five national titles (USSR).
After retirement, between 1998 and 2000, she set five national (Russia) records and won two national titles in masters divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="36831896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831896" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 10 metre air pistol SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 10 metre air pistol SH1

The Men's 10 metre air pistol SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 30 August at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with an air pistol at 10 metres distance from the "standing" (interpreted to include seated in wheelchairs) position. Scores for each shot were in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 10 shots. These shots scored in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots were used to determine final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q – Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36831905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831905" title="London Lions">
London Lions

London Lions may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36831911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831911" title="History of the Poles in Baltimore">
History of the Poles in Baltimore

The history of the Poles in Baltimore dates back to the late 19th century. The Polish community in Baltimore numbered 122,814 as of 2000, making up 4.8 percent of Baltimore's population. The Polish community is largely centered in the neighborhoods of Canton, Fell's Point, Locust Point, and Highlandtown.
History.
19th century.
The first Polish immigrants to Baltimore settled in the Fell's Point neighborhood in 1868. Polish mass immigration to Baltimore and other U.S. cities first started around 1870, many of whom were fleeing the Franco-Prussian War. Many of the Polish immigrants came from agricultural regions of Poland and were often considered unskilled workers. Many worked as stevedores for Baltimore's International Longshoremen's Association. Other Polish immigrants worked in the canneries, some travelling to the Gulf Coast of Louisiana and Mississippi to work in the seafood canneries during the winter months. After the abolition of slavery, farmers had lost their slaves and wanted a cheap source of labor. Following changes in U.S. immigration laws many Central and Eastern European migrants, particularly Polish and Czech, came to Maryland to fill this need. These changes also affected other nations.
The majority of the Polish immigrants were Roman Catholics. The first Polish-Catholic parish to be formed was the St. Stanislaus Kostka church, which was organized in 1880. The Holy Rosary Church parish was founded in 1887. However, many were Polish Jews. Polish Jews helped found the B'nai Israel Synagogue in 1873.
The first Polish language newspaper in Baltimore, titled "Polonia", began publication in 1891.
By 1893, the Polish population was starting to become the backbone of Baltimore's laboring class. 1,500 were arriving in Baltimore annually and by 1893 there were 23,000 Polish-Americans living in the city.
20th century.
The St. Casimir Church parish was established in 1902. St. Casimir's current building was constructed in 1927. Less than a year later, Holy Rosary Church built its current residence.
During the early years of the 20th century the Polish population became more established in Baltimore. The Polish community established ethnic clubs, Polish-language newspapers, and create their own savings and loans societies. By 1910, Eastern Avenue in Baltimore was known as the Polish Wall Street of Baltimore.
In the years prior to World War I, the Polish population in Baltimore ranked seventh largest in the United States.
Baltimore's Poles first gained political representation in 1923, when Edward I. Novak was elected to the Baltimore City Council for the city's 3rd ward.
In 1925, the Polish community of Curtis Bay established the Polish Home Hall in order to serve as a community center for the Polish community.
In the census of 1960, Polish-Americans comprised 15.2% of Baltimore's population. The Polish-born was a percentage of the total foreign-born population was 62.6% in Fell's Point, 38.5% in Locust Point, and 74.7% in Southeast Baltimore.
In 2000, Baltimore's Polish community funded the creation of the National Katyń Memorial near the Inner Harbor. The monument is meant to memorialize the victims of the Katyn massacre.
21st century.
The Polish community has declined in numbers over the years, but there is still a strong Polish presence. The Polish National Alliance is located in Baltimore and maintains an archive of several thousand documents in the Polish language. There are a number of Polish delis and restaurants still in operation, such as Krakus Deli, Polock Johnny's, Ostrowski of Bank Street, and Ze Mean Bean Café. In 2011, Baltimore's long-running Polish festival left Baltimore after 37 years of being held there; the festival was relocated to Lutherville-Timonium, due to the shrinking size of the Polish community in Baltimore.
Little Poland.
The Polish community is Southeast Baltimore is sometimes referred to affectionately as Little Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="36831913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831913" title="2005 Italian Formula Three season">
2005 Italian Formula Three season

The 2005 Italian Formula Three season was the 41st Italian Formula Three Championship season. It began on 17 April at Adria and ended on 23 October at Misano after twelve races.
Luigi Ferrara of Corbetta Competizioni finished almost all races on podium position, including three wins at Imola, Monza and Misano to clinch the title. He finished nine points clear of Team Ghinzani driver Alexander Müller, who won race at Vallelunga, a race at Imola, both races at Mugello, race at Adria and the season-ending race at Misano. Third place went to Lucidi Motors driver Paolo Maria Nocera, who took three victories at Adria, Varano and Monza.
Teams and drivers.
All teams were Italian-registered and all cars competed on Michelin tyres.
Calendar.
All rounds were held in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36831918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831918" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 25 metre pistol SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 25 metre pistol SH1

The Mixed 25 metre pistol SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 3 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with a pistol at 25 metres distance from the "standing" (interpreted to include seated in wheelchairs) position. Scores for each shot are in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10. In the qualification round groups 1-3 were shot under precision rules, 4-6 under rapid-fire rules.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 20 shots. These shots scored in increments of 0.1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 80 shots were used to determine the final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q = Qualified for final. "DNS" = Did Not Start. * Penalised under ISSF Rule 8.6.6.1.1.1 - Too many shots fired.
Final.
All qualifiers were male.

</doc>
<doc id="36831920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831920" title="Saudi Arabia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Saudi Arabia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Saudi Arabia participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9.
Although the country sent female athletes for the first time to the London Olympics, under pressure from the International Olympic Committee, its Paralympic delegation to the London Games remains, as previously, exclusively male. The Kingdom is represented by three athletes in track and field, and one in powerlifting.
Athletics.
Osamah Al-Shanqiti, who won the country's first ever Olympic or Paralympic gold medal at the Beijing Paralympics, in the triple jump, attempted to defend his title in the men's triple jump F12 (a category for athletes with severe visual impairment). He also competed in the shot put (F11-12).
Saeed Alkhaldi competed in the men's 100m T46 (for athletes with disabilities to the upper limbs or torso).
Hani Alnakhli competed in the men's shot put F32-33 (tetraplegia) and in the men's discus throw F32-34.
Powerlifting.
Bassam Al-Hawal competed in the men's under 100kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36831927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831927" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 50 metre pistol SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 50 metre pistol SH1

The Mixed 50 metre pistol SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 6 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with a pistol at 50 metres distance from the "standing" (interpreted to include seated in wheelchairs) position. Scores for each shot were in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 10 shots. These shots scored in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total scored from all 70 shots were used to determine the final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36831935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831935" title="Väderöbod">
Väderöbod

Väderöbod is a lighthouse and an island in the southern part of Väderöarna archipelago located in Bohuslän, Sweden.
The southermost island of Väderöarna, Guleskär was first chosen for the construction of the lighthouse in 1867. Further inquiries on the spot, however, showed that conditions on Guleskär were such that it was largely impossible to build a lighthouse on the island. The island was barely possible to reach even in good weather conditions. Instead Väderöbod island, just north of Guleskär was chosen for the new lighthouse. The lighthouse, a 19 meter high lattice structure designed by Gustaf von Heidenstam, was commissioned in 1867 and first lit on the night of 23 September that year. The light ran on colza oil. It was updated with a kerosene lamp in 1887, and in 1907 a powerful gas mantle light was installed.
The old lighthouse was deactivated at the end of 1964-65, when a 19-meter high lighthouse of concrete replaced Heidenstams tower. The new lighthouse was painted orange with a black center section. Since the new lighthouse was automated and electrified, it got a power cord pulled from the mainland to Väderöarna. At the turn of 1965-1966 the last lighthouse keeper moved from the island. In 1970, the old lighthouse was blown away from the mountain and was scrapped. The Lantern and lens was however rescued and can be seen at the community center "Nestorsgården" in Fjällbacka.
Until 2000 the new lighthouse was operated with electricity through a 50KV cable from the country and also had a backup of acetylene and an exterior facade lighting. Racon was also installed. When the lighthouse was converted to solar cell operation in 2000, the lamp power was amended to 20 W and the range of visibility dropped to half of before.
In 15 September 2010 the Swedish Maritime Administration sold Väderöbods lighthouse to a nonprofit association on Väderöbod for one swedish crown. The association assumes to voluntarily maintain and operate it to continue the cultural work began in 1979 when work to renovate and maintain the lighthouse buildings began.
In conjunction with the closure of the lighthouse a 6 W LED light was installed, the red and green sectors were replaced by white light, and the range of visibility was reduced to six nautical miles and the racon removed.

</doc>
<doc id="36831942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831942" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH1

The Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took take place on 1 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consists of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fires 60 shots with an air rifle at 10 metres distance from the prone position. Scores for each shot are in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round move on to the final round. There, they fire an additional 10 shots. These shots score in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots is used to determine final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final

</doc>
<doc id="36831953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831953" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH2">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH2

The Mixed 10 metre air rifle prone SH2 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 1 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
Format.
The event features both male and female athletes and consists of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fires 60 shots with an air rifle at 10 metres distance from the prone position, using a spring-mounted stand to replicate the movement of the front hand. Scores for each shot are in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round move on to the final round. There, they fire an additional 10 shots. These shots score in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots is used to determine final ranking.
Qualification round.
Green qualifies for the final

</doc>
<doc id="36831958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831958" title="Lviv State Choreographic School">
Lviv State Choreographic School

Lviv State Choreographic School was established in August 1957 according to the initiative and assistance of regional department of culture and Ivan Franko Lviv National Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet. This school with the length of studies of four years is the first and unique in all Western part of Ukraine.
History.
Studio 1947-1957.
In the post war period ballet troop of Opera House felt the shortage of stuff. That is why in 1947 with the help of the Executive Board of Lviv theatre, ballet studio was created. Alexander Yaroslavtsev, choreographer and ballet dancer, was the director.
1957—1962.
Clavdia Vasina was the first headmistress of the choreographic school from August 1957 to August 1960. She was known to be very energetic and demanding teacher. More over, she had been working as ballet mistress in Lviv ballet troop. Along with her L’ubov Kulyk, piano teacher, was conducting the intake of students. 70 students were accepted. The competition was really tough, because there has never been such a school in Lviv.
Such choreographers as Elena Brandt, Alexandra Pecheniuk, L’udmila Orlovskaya, accompaniers Maya Lazebnik (Strel’tsova), Nikolay Sil’vestrov, piano teacher L’ubov Kulyk started their pedagogical career there.
From 1960 to 1962 Yevgeniya Shinkarenko was directing the school, later she moved to Moscow and was working as a choreographer in Moscow Choreographic Academy.
1962—1973.
From 1962 to 1969 Galyna Abakunchyk was directing the school. It was during her period when school got the present premises in Doroshenko str. 63. Step be step the quantity of students enlarged to 100 along with the pedagogical stuff
From 1969 to 1973 the school was being governed by Klavdia Vasina once again.
1973—1991.
From 1973 to 1991 (18 years) the school was under control of Maria Zama-Belova. Under her guidance the quantity of students rose from 100 to 300 and pedagogical stuff expanded from 20 to 40 teachers.
From 1974 new job position was added-director of studies. Nadezhda Kotyk has been working from many years on this position. Along with the Executive Board she improves the studying process and the school in general (equipment and reconstruction of classes).
This was the period of violent creative growth. New famous choreographers came to school: Ol’ha Startinevs’kaya, ballet dancers and soloists Ol’ha Samoylenko, Lev Blahoi, Sergey Astrems’kiy, Lidiya Zotova, Alla Serdtseva, Oksana Orliuta, L’ubov Luhovskaya. All of them were the students of first intakes of Lviv Ballet School.
Moreover, Petros Malkhasiants (Honored Artist of Ukraine), Mikhail Zaslavs’kiy (Honored Artist of Buriatiya), German Isupov (Honored Artist of Ukraine), Nina Pospelova, Sergey Naenko, Galina Klescheva should be mentioned.
Within years the only producer of school annual concerts has been L’udmila Marina, the most prolific and famous professional of musical and theatrical dramatic composition.
It is very important to mention some more pedagogues: Iryna Krasnogorova (Honored Artist of Ukraine), El’za Starikova (Honored Artist of Ukraine), Nina Balukhina, Nikolay Panasiuk, L’udmila Orlovskaya, Nelli Tovstanova, Valentina Kovalenko, Valentina Shevchenko, Galina Sakhnovskaya and some young teachers Nataliya Smut and Tatiana Rozdobud’ko. Hand by hand they work with piano accompaniers: L’ubov Kulyk, L’udmila Yen’ko, Tatiyana Zhurikova, Adeliya Yatsena, Nina Guzikova, Alla Treplina, Ol’ha Yavorskaya, Lidiya Proniuk, Nona Tchekalenko, Svetlana Tikhonenko, Elena Nemira, Igor’ Tetel’baum, Adriana Masliak, Viktoriya Aliokhina, Oxana Kuidytch, Nina Mervins’ka, Oxana Syvokhyp, Galyna Stots’kaya, Valentina Tarchinets’, Svetlana Krupa, Iryna Kos, Nataliya Zykrytch, Alina Zhurikova. All their skills are put into the souls and bodies o students, into the world of music and dance, the name of which is ballet.
Since 1985 school has changed the mode of studies, which now last 7 years, not 5 as it was previously. Annually on the basis of school seminars for directors and headmasters of different choreographic groups are conducted. Curriculums and programmes for choreographic and musical disciplines were elaborated. Two departments were created of choreographic and theoretical disciplines.
The school was participating in different festivals-contests, were took prize-winning places. So, in 1989 during the first contest-festival “The Festival of Children Dance” in Odessa the school became the laureate (choreographic composition “Carpathians”, music by Kos-Anatol’skiy, staging by Honored Artist of Ukraine P. Malkhasiants.
1991—2000.
From 1991 to 2000 Ol’ha Kryvko was the director of school.
From 1993 the Ministry of Culture started to conduct the All-Ukrainian Children Contest of choreographic art “the Youth of Ballet”, which was held once in two years in Kyiv. Students of our school were taking part in this contest and became the diploma winners and laureates. Among them are-Yuliya Ushakova, Oleg Petryk, Khrystyna Tratch (Also the diploma winner of “Crystal Shoe”), Polina Kamkina, Elena Edel’shteyn, Anastasiya Gnatyshyn- N. Pospelova’s students, Elena Pavlova (teacher-Honored Artist of Ukraine O. Startinevskaya), Mariya Abashova- the diploma keeper of the contest “Fuete of Arteck-1998” (teacher-Honored Artist of Ukraine Krasnogorova- Malhasiants) and many others.
2000 —.
Since 2000 with 260 students and teachers staff of 49 people Volodymyr Sabolta directs the school. Thanks to him school is transformed into the cultural institution as legislative structure, converted to the independent balance. School gets the status of Lviv State Choreographic School, which is confirmed by the decision of executive board of Lviv City Council.
The headmaster started to improve the studying process, made a great work as to the age limit of students in the class, facilities and the aesthetic design in the classrooms. New tradition appeared-annual concerts dedicated to St. Nicolas Day.
In 2006 the first youth ballet contest of classical choreography “Galyts’ka Terpsykhora 2006” was held. Strong partnership is organized between the Executive Board of S. Krushel’nyts’ka Lviv National Academic Theatre, where 60% of ballet troop are former students of Lviv State Ballet School and our concerts (performance reports) dedicated to St. Nicolas Day are included into the repertoire of the theatre.
Students of senior classes take part in such performances of the theater as: Swan Lake, Creation of the World, Reappearance of Butterfly, Bayadere, Coppelia etc. Student of out school always take part in different contests and festivals, e.g. : “Pearls of Odessa”, “Dance Without Borders” (Kyiv), “Crystal Shoe” (Kharkov) and others, were they become diploma winners and laureates.
In 2004 on the basis school a new preparatory department was opened with the aim of improvement of students’ intake quality. Students actively take part in the festive affairs of Lviv and Lviv region.
Program of Studies.
In preparatory groups boys and girls are taken in the age of 5–8 years. Specially for children a new general system of education was created called “Child of the Future”, where dance, gymnastics, music, lessons of art, participation in concert programs, preparation to the school are included.
The intake to the first form is held from the age of 9.
Subjects:
Classical dance
Folk Dance
Modern choreography
Gymnastics
Historical dance
Duett dance
History of ballet
Acting skills
Piano lessons
Theory of music
Galyts’ka Terpsykhora.
International Youth Contest of Classiacl Choreography Galyts’ka Terpsykhora was lounged in 2006, became traditional (took lace in 2006, 2008, 2010)
Children’s Theater of Ballet.
In 2011 Children’s Theatre of Ballet was created on the basis of the school
“Mykyta, the sly Fox”- the premier of the performance on the music of I. Vymmer, choreography by Honored Artist of Ukraine S. Naenko took place on May 29, 2011.
“Cavalry Halt ”- the premier took place on January 11, 2012. Music by Armsgamer, choreography by M. Petipa, ballet-master N. Sanzharevskyy.
“Seasons of the Year”- the premier took place on May 26, 2012, music by A. Glaznov, choreography by Honored Artist of Ukraine S. Naenko.
In October 2013, successfully conducted touring Children's Ballet Theatre of Lviv in Slovenia.
Pedagogical Staff.
Director of Studies
Kotyk N.
Head of Choreographic Department
Orlovskaya L.
Ballet-masters
Naenko S., Sanzharevskyy N
Pedagogues-choreographers
Orlovskaya L., Naenko S., Starikova E., Tovstanova N., Klescheva G., Barer O., Mordzik C., Sanzharevskyy N., Smut N., Sudomliak V., Serdtseva A.
Famous graduates:
Khrystyna Tratch, Oleg Petryk, Yevgeniy Svetlitsa, Anastasiya Isupova, Viktoriya Tkatch, Yuliya Yermolenko, Nikolay Sanszharevskyy.
Cooperation with Lviv National Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet.
Close cooperation was established with the board of Lviv National Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet, where students participate in such performances as: Creation of the world, Recurrence of Butterfly, Bayadere, Copelia etc.
See also.
Lviv Theatre of Opera and Ballet

</doc>
<doc id="36831963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831963" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle standing SH2">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 10 metre air rifle standing SH2

The Mixed 10 metre air rifle standing SH2 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 2 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consisted of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with an air rifle at 10 metres distance from the "standing" (interpreted to include seated in wheelchairs) position, using a spring-mounted stand to replicate the movement of the front hand. Scores for each shot were in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round moved on to the final round. There, they fired an additional 10 shots. These shots scored in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots were used to determine the final ranking.
Qualification round.
Q = Qualified for final. EWR = Equal World Record.
Final.
All the qualifiers were male.
FPR = Final Paralympic record.

</doc>
<doc id="36831973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831973" title="K. V. Ramesh">
K. V. Ramesh

K. V. Ramesh is an Indian puppeteer, specialising in performances based on Yakshagana art. He most often performs in the Tulu Nadu region of Karnataka and Kerala. He leads the Yakshagana puppet troupe Shri Gopalakrishna Yakshagana Gombeyata Sangha, based out of Kasaragod.
Career.
K. V. Ramesh learned Yakshagana puppetry from his father, K. Venkatakrishnaiah. His family has performed Yakshagana puppetry for generations. He is a graduate of Calicut University, and gives performances in the Kannada, Tulu, and Malayalam languages.
Besides performing, Ramesh also creates puppets. His performance are based on "thenkuthittu" style Yakshagana . His Shri Gopalakrishna Yakshagana Gombeyata troupe, has given such performances since 1981. It is the only troupe that performs Yakshagana puppetry in the "thenkuthittu" style; the only other troupe, based in Uppinakudru, performs in the "badaguthittu" style. It is said that there were 20 or 30 such puppetry troupes in the first half of 20th century.
Ramesh and his troupe has given performances in places as varied as Guwahati, Lahore, and Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="36831980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831980" title="William Cage (disambiguation)">
William Cage (disambiguation)

William Cage (1666 – 1738) was a politician.
William Cage may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36831981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831981" title="Northop Hall Country House Hotel">
Northop Hall Country House Hotel

Northop Hall Country House Hotel is an AA 3-star country house, now run as a hotel in Flintshire, just south of Northop Hall, northeastern Wales. The estate is set in 9 acres with a tree-lined driveway. The original manor here was built in the 13th century. It was occupied by local aristocracy including the Evans family, ancestors of author George Eliot. The original Northop Hall is now a private house.
The country house which currently exists was built on a different spot in 1872. The interior is elegant, with a Canadian pine staircase, 38 bedrooms, and four conference style rooms, including The Garden, Terrace, Gallery and Library Rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="36831983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831983" title="National Independent Broadcasters">
National Independent Broadcasters

The National Independent Broadcasters was an industry trade group representing the interests of for-profit, over-the-air, non-network-affiliated radio broadcasters in the United States. 
It was originally created in 1939 as part of the larger National Association of Broadcasters. In 1941, it split off from that organization to become fully independent. It represented some 200 independent radio stations (out of 800 total in the nation) that were not affiliated with any network. Its activity seems to have diminished after 1943.
The president of the National Independent Broadcasters was Harold A. Lafount. 

</doc>
<doc id="36831986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831986" title="Shivshakti Sachdev">
Shivshakti Sachdev

Shivshakti Sachdev is an Indian television actress who is best known for playing the role of Bebo in the daily shop, "Sabki Laadli Bebo". She hails from New Delhi, India.
Life and career.
Sachdev, an Indian television actress who has starred in Indian TV serials such as "Sabki Laadli Bebo", "Afsar Bitiya", "Break Time Masti Time", "The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir" and more along with many Indian TVC. She also had played the role of Saloni in an episodic show "Gumrah - End Of Innocence". Her influences include Vidya Balan.

</doc>
<doc id="36831987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831987" title="Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 50 metre rifle prone SH1">
Shooting at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed 50 metre rifle prone SH1

The Mixed 50 metre rifle prone SH1 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 4 September at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich.
The event consists of two rounds: a qualifier and a final. In the qualifier, each shooter fires 60 shots with a rifle at 50 metres distance from the prone position. Scores for each shot are in increments of 1, with a maximum score of 10.
The top 8 shooters in the qualifying round move on to the final round. There, they fire an additional 10 shots. These shots score in increments of .1, with a maximum score of 10.9. The total score from all 70 shots is used to determine final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="36831988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36831988" title="Barbara De Rossi">
Barbara De Rossi

Barbara De Rossi (born Rome, August 9, 1960) is an Italian actress who has combined a career in international cinema with longstanding popularity in Italian television.
Biography.
Barbara De Rossi was born in 1960 in Rome to an Italian wine importer and his German wife. She spent much of her early years in Rimini.
At the age of 15 De Rossi was spotted by director Alberto Lattuada in a beauty contest. Her film debut was in Lattuada's own Stay As You Are (1978), alongside Marcello Mastroianni and Nastasia Kinski. She went on to play Virna Lisi's screen daughter in La Cicala (The Cricket) in 1980, again directed by Lattuada. In 1983 she played Bradamante, the famous female warrior, in Hearts and Armour directed by Giacomo Battiato. By the mid-1980s she was gaining English-speaking roles such as the beautiful Greek slave girl Eunice in the TV mini-series Quo Vadis? and Claretta Petacci, Mussolini's mistress in the docu-drama Mussolini and I alongside the actors Anthony Hopkins (Count Galeazzo Ciano) and Bob Hoskins (Mussolini).
In 1994, De Rossi shared the David di Donatello for Best Actress award with Asia Argento and Chiara Caselli for her part in the comic film "Maniaci sentimentali". De Rossi has served as a judge on the junior talent show Ti lascio una canzone broadcast on Rai Uno since 2008.
Personal life.
In 1988, De Rossi married Andrea Busiri Vici, scion of a famous architectural dynasty. They were divorced in 1990. 
De Rossi's second husband is the dancer Branislav Tesanovic with whom she has a daughter.
Public life.
De Rossi is honorary President of "I Diritti Civili nel 2000", a civil rights organization representing the interests of women and children.

</doc>
<doc id="36832024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832024" title="Grimm (Hamburg)">
Grimm (Hamburg)

Grimm (or The Grimm) is a former island in the Alster river at Hamburg, Germany, east of Cremon. Today there is a street in the old town, the road is probably on the island.
Adolf III, Count of Schauenburg and Holstein had brought settlers from Westphalia to colonise the island. Its shore was built up after three floods from 1216 to 1219 and the island reclaimed. Up to 1300, the island was outside the city walls. In 1246 Grimm was absorbed by the city of Hamburg, and together with Cremon formed the parish of the newly built St. Catherine's Church.
Grimm was untouched by the Hamburg fire of 1842 and was one of the few areas of the old city to retain its historic structure in the 20th Century. These were mainly four-storey and three-to five-axis Hamburg merchant's houses from the Baroque, with typical facades, portals and rich pre-built Ausluchten. The early 20th Century, however, saw a change in the composition of the population. 
The painted ceiling of Grimm 31 has been preserved in the Museum of Hamburg History since its opening in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="36832027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832027" title="Stephen Norman">
Stephen Norman

Stephen Norman, born Stephan Theodor Neumann (1918–1946) was the grandson of the founder of Zionism, Theodor Herzl.
Adolescence.
His parents feared for the safety of their only child as anti-Semitism became more prevalent in Austria in the 1930s. His father Richard Neumann requested from the Viennese Zionists and the Zionist Executive in Palestine, to send his son to England in 1935, for his safety.
During World War II.
While in England, he read extensively about his grandfather, Theodor Herzl. Zionism had not been a significant part of his background in Austria. He was the only descendant of Theodor Herzl to be a Zionist. Anglicizing his name to Stephen Norman, during World War II Norman enlisted in the British Army rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Artillery. In late 1945 and early 1946, he took the opportunity to visit the British Mandate of Palestine "to see what my grandfather had started." 
He wrote in his diary extensively about his trip. What impressed him the most was that there was a "look of freedom" in the faces of the children, not like the sallow look of those from the concentration camps of Europe. He wrote upon leaving Palestine, "My visit to Palestine is over... It is said that to go away is to die a little. And I know that when I went away from Eretz (the land of) Israel, I died a little. But sure, then, to return is somehow to be reborn. And I will return."
After World War II.
Norman planned to return to Palestine following his military discharge. The Zionist Executive, through Dr. L. Lauterbach had worked for years to get Norman to come to Palestine. Operation Agatha of June 29, 1946, precluded that possibility: British military and police fanned out throughout Palestine and arrested Jewish activists. In July 1946, Norman wrote to Mrs. Stybovitz-Kahn in Haifa. Her father, Jacob Kahn, had been a good friend of Herzl and a well known Dutch banker before the war. Norman wrote "I intend to go to Palestine on a long visit in the future, in fact as soon as passport & permit regulations permit. But the dreadful news of the last two days have done nothing to make this easier." He never did return to Palestine.
Demobilized from the British army in late spring 1946, without any money or a job and despondent about his future, Norman followed the advice of the Dr. Selig Brodetsky. Brodetsky was Chaim Weizmann's principal ally and supporter in Britain. The editor, Dr. H. Rosenblum, of "Haboker", a Tel Aviv newspaper that later became "Yedioth Ahronoth", noted in late 1945,that Dr. Weizmann deeply resented the sudden intrusion and reception of Norman when he arrived in Britain. Norman spoke to the Zionist conference in London. Haboker reported, "Something similar happened at the Zionist conference in London. The Chairman suddenly announced to the meeting that in the hall there was Herzl's grandson who wanted to say a few words. The introduction was made in an absolutely dry and official way. It was felt that the chairman looked for - and found - some stylistic formula which would satisfy the visitor without appearing too cordial to anybody among the audience. In spite of that there was a great thrill in the hall when Mr. Norman mounted on the platform of the praesidium. At the moment, Dr. Weizmann turned his back on the speaker and remained in this bodily and mental attitude until the guest had finished his speech."
The 1945 article went on to note that Norman was snubbed by Weizmann and by some in Palestine during his visit because of ego, jealousy, vanity and their own personal ambitions. Norman secured, through influence, a very desirable, but minor position with the British Economic and Scientific mission in Washington, D.C.
Death.
In late August 1946, shortly after arriving in Washington, he learned that his family had been exterminated in the Holocaust. Norman had reestablished contact with his old nanny in Vienna who informed him of what happened. Norman became deeply depressed over the fate of his family and his inability to help the Jewish people "languishing" in the European camps. He subsequently committed suicide by jumping to his death from the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge in Washington, D.C., November 26, 1946. Norman was buried by the Jewish Agency in Washington, D.C. His tombstone read simply, 'Stephen Theodore Norman, Captain Royal Artillery British Army, Grandson of Theodor Herzl, April 21, 1918 − November 26, 1946'.
Reburial in Israel.
After 61 years of neglect, he was reburied with his family on Mount Herzl, in the section for Zionist leaders, December 5, 2007. Jerry Klinger, President of the Jewish American Society for Historic Preservation, was the principal organizer behind the five-year reburial effort.
In Jerusalem, on Mt. Herzl, the Stephen Norman garden was completed in Norman's honor and memory. It is the only memorial in the world to a Herzl, other than to Theodor Herzl. The garden was dedicated May 2, 2012 by the Jerusalem Foundation, the World Zionist Organization and the Jewish American Society for Historic Preservation. On one of the walls of the garden, located between the Herzl Museum and the Herzl Educational Center, is a quote from Norman from when he visited Palestine in 1946, it summarized the meaning of Zionism and Israel.
""You will be amazed at the Jewish Youth in Palestine...they have the look of freedom.""

</doc>
<doc id="36832036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832036" title="James Johnston (British Army officer)">
James Johnston (British Army officer)

Major-General James Alexander Deans Johnston, OBE, MC (28 February 1911 - 17 May 1988) was a senior British Army officer in the Royal Army Medical Corps and the Senior Medical Officer at the liberated Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. A docudrama portraying his experiences attempting to save the starving and diseased concentration camp prisoners at Bergen-Belson was made in 2007 entitled The Relief of Belsen.
Early life.
Johnston was born on 28 February 1911 in Glasgow, Scotland, the son of Walter Johnston and I. C. Gilchrist. He was educated at Woodside School, Woodside, Glasgow. He studied medicine at the University of Glasgow, graduating with a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MB ChB) in 1933. Between 1933 and 1934, he served out his pre-registration year at Taunton and Somerset Hospital as a house surgeon.
Military career.
Johnston was commissioned into the Royal Army Medical Corps of the British Army as a lieutenant (on probation) on 25 October 1934. His commission and rank were confirmed on 26 February 1935. From 1935 to 1940, he served in India. In 1935, he assisted in the aftermath of the Quetta earthquake. He was promoted to captain on 25 October 1935. From November 1936 to January 1937, he served in the field during the second Waziristan campaign. On 1 January 1937, his commission was backdated to 1 November 1933 and he was given seniority in his rank of captain from 1 November 1934.
With the outbreak of World War II, he was given a permanent commission on 25 October 1939. As a war substantive major and temporary lieutenant-colonel, he was promoted to major on 1 November 1943. On the 6 June 1944, D-Day, he landed on Sword Beach, Normandy along with the 3rd Division. For the next year, he commanded field medical units throughout North West Europe. He was Officer Commanding 32 Casualty Clearing Station. Following its liberation, he entered Bergen-Belsen concentration camp on 17 April 1945. In his report the day after, he described Camp 1 as "a dense mass of emaciated apathetic scarecrows". Under the command of Brigadier Glyn Hughes, he was Senior Medical Officer and director of the Camp II's 17,000 bed hospital.
From the end of 1945 to 1947, he served as Assistant Director of Medical Services at HQ Malaya Command. From 1947 to 1949, he served as Assistant Director of Medical Services at Southern Command. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 8 August 1948. He was once more posted abroad between 1949 and 1952, serving as Deputy Director of Medical Services at the Headquarters of Middle East Land Forces. He was posted to Germany in 1952 as Assistant Director of Medical Services of the 2nd Division and Deputy Director of Medical Services for the British Army of the Rhine's Headquarters. He was promoted to colonel on 29 August 1957. From 1957 to 1961, he was Officer Commanding the British Military Hospital in Dhekelia, Cyprus. In 1961, he returned to England to take up the appointment of Assistant Director General of the Army Medical Department at the War Office. He was promoted to brigadier on 2 July 1964. Between 1964 and 1966, he was Commandant of the RAMC Depot and Training Establishment. He was appointed Director of Medical Services, Far East Land Forces on 18 November 1966, and promoted to major-general. He relinquished the appointment on 1 November 1968. He was appointed Director of Medical Services, British Army of the Rhine on 16 January 1969, relinquishing the appointment on 22 September 1970.
He retired from the British Army on 14 December 1970.
Later life.
Following his retirement from the British Army, Johnston lived in the village of Northiam, East Sussex. He died on 17 May 1988, at the age of 77.
Personal life.
Johnston married Enid Eldridge in 1940. Together they had one son and two daughters.
Honours and decorations.
Johnston was awarded the Military Cross (MC) on 10 December 1937 "for distinguished services rendered in the field in connection with the operations in Waziristan, during the period 25 November 1936 to 16 January 1937". He was Mentioned in Dispatches on 10 May 1945 "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in North West Europe".
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) on 18 October 1945 "in recognition of distinguished services during the liberation of prisoners in German Concentration Camps". He was appointed Honorary Physician to the Queen (QHP) on 25 September 1967. He was succeeded on 14 December 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36832040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832040" title="Dhaka World Music Festival">
Dhaka World Music Festival

The Dhaka World Music Festival also referred to as Dhaka World Music Fest is an international music festival held in Dhaka, Bangladesh featuring national and international music stars of different genres. The festival covers an extensive scope of performances from local folk and traditional music genres to world fusion and contemporary world music across the globe. The festival is perceived to be a cardinal platform in Bangladesh to witness the true fusion in the form of world music.
Making.
Inspired by the socio-political impact of music through the Concert for Bangladesh, Runi Khan, the founder of Culturepot Global, a UK based cross-cultural event management organization, was intending to stage a major event that would remark the 40th anniversary of that historic concert. Perceiving her country's absence in the global cultural scene, she also had a long cherished desire to fetch world focus on the Bangladeshi music where the Bangladeshi artistes can accentuate the rich culture and heritage of Bangladesh. Impressed by the concept of Runi, Farhan Quddus, head of Excalibur Entertainment, Bangladesh who was also planning to hold an annual world music programme, joined her. Around the same time, the Bangladesh telecommunication giant, Grameenphone was looking for events that would emphasize the celebration of International Mother Language Day on February 21. Runi's idea of arranging a festival where musicians from all over the world would carry out their traditional music in their mother tongue emerged persuasive for the company. The idea befitted further convincing as the festival would engender Dhaka as a global cultural city. 
Kishon Khan, a London based British Bangladeshi pianist and composer, also band leader of Lokkhi Terra was instrumental in putting together the festival content as Music Director. His long established relationship with other internationally acclaimed musicians allowed him to draw in some of the best exponents of African and Latin genres of music. Another British Bangladeshi musician, Idris Rahman, also played an important role to interact with some world-reputed bands and musicians to perform at the event. After cracking a number of bureaucratic and other obstacles, the event finally eventuated on 4th-5 February in 2011.
Inaugural edition in 2011.
The inaugural edition of the festival took place in 2011 at Sultana Kamal Mohila Krira Complex, in Dhanmondi. It was jointly organized by Culturepot Global UK, Jatrik Travels, Excalibur Entertainment and Symbiance Partners and sponsored by Grameenphone. International music artistes like Tunde Jegede, Dele Sosimi, Julia Biel and others along with local stars like Ajob, Porobashi, Band Lalon, Shah Jahan Munshi, Rob Fakir and others performed in this mega event. The Festival ended with a grand finale where all eight bands came together on the stage. The event proved to be huge success with being observed ardently by the passionate music lovers in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="36832044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832044" title="Grönskär">
Grönskär

Grönskär (eng: "The Green skerry") is a Swedish island and lighthouse station located in the south Stockholm archipelago, east of Sandhamn. The island is rocky and the nature sparse. The herb cloudberry has been found on the island. The whole island is owned by the Swedish foundation "Skärgårdsstiftelsen" (eng: "The Archipelago foundation"). since 1964. The foundation also owns the lighthouse since 1984.
The Grönskär lighthouse construction started in 1769. Sketchings were made by the architect Carl Adelcrantz. The tower replaced a day beacon that was built 1725, and destroyed in a storm in 1768. The light was an open coal fire. The tower was enhanced in 1786 and has remained in that shape since. In 1845, a colza oil lamp and Fresnel lens was installed. In 1873 the light was updated with a kerosene lamp. This light station was never automated or electrified and was closed down in favor of the modern lighthouse Revengegrundet 1961. That light is placed in open water and can be seen from Grönskär. The original lens was taken away in 1963. In September 2000 the lighthouse was reactivated with modern equipment powered with sun panels. It shows a green faint color, since the word "grön" means green in Swedish. It was chosen as it was a good fit to the island's name.

</doc>
<doc id="36832046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832046" title="The Rage (2008 film)">
The Rage (2008 film)

The Rage () is a 2008 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.
Plot.
A young director lives with a girl. Active part of the Intellectual society, he represents perfectly the union between fear and determination, that changes deeply his way of understanding the world that surrounds him. His only aim is to leave a footstep of his presence on this world realizing a film.

</doc>
<doc id="36832063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832063" title="Robert Gavin Long">
Robert Gavin Long

Robert Gavin "Bob" Long (March 3, 1937 – June 4, 2011) was a farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Cut Knife-Lloydminster from 1978 to 1982 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Maymont, Saskatchewan, the son of Donald Charles Long, and moved to the Lloydminster area with his family in 1947. Long was first employed as a heavy equipment operator but turned to farming in 1962. In 1975, he married Eva Marie Sych.
He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Highways and Transportation. He was defeated by Michael Hopfner when he ran for reelection to the Saskatchewan assembly in 1982. From 1988 to 1992, Long was president of the provincial NDP. He also served as district chair for the Saskatchewan Highway Traffic Board.
Long died in Lloydminster, Alberta at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="36832085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832085" title="Religieuse">
Religieuse

Religieuse is a French pastry made of two choux pastry cases, one larger than the other, filled with crème pâtissière, mostly commonly chocolate or mocha. Each case is covered in a ganache of the same flavor as the filling, and then joined decorated with piped buttercream frosting.
The pastry, whose name means "nun", is supposed to represent a nun in a habit. Religieuse itself was supposedly conceived in the mid-nineteenth century, but the first version of the batter was invented in 1540 by Panterelli, the Florentine chef of the Florentine queen of France, Catherine de' Medici. After subsequent iterations, the batter finally took its current form in the early 18th century in the kitchens of Marie-Antoine Carême, "The King of Chefs and the Chef of Kings." Religieuse is a type of éclair. 

</doc>
<doc id="36832105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832105" title="Meepawala">
Meepawala

Meepawala is a village located in Southern Province, Sri Lanka, Asia at , roughly 10 km away from Galle. It comprises to Bope-Poodala Divisional Secretary's domain. Cities, towns and places near Meepawala include Poddala, Holuwagoda, Narawala, and Baddegama.

</doc>
<doc id="36832108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832108" title="Michael Keohane">
Michael Keohane

Michael Keohane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36832111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832111" title="Arshi Tengri">
Arshi Tengri

Arshi Tengri, the "Hermit God" is a god who is associated with the fire ritual as practiced in Mongolian Buddhism. The epithet is found in a prayer by the 18th-century lama Mergen Gegen Lubsangdambijalsan, where it is added to the name of the "Khan of the fire". "Arshi" derives from Sanskrit "rsi"; "tngri" refers to the 99 tngri or Mongolian deities. 

</doc>
<doc id="36832113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832113" title="Morning Glory (band)">
Morning Glory (band)

Morning Glory is an American punk band from New York. It was formed originally as a solo project by Ezra Kire, after the band Choking Victim disbanded in 1999.
They were the second band to use this name, the first being a 1960's rock band from San Francisco, who released an LP entitled "Two Suns Worth" and singles on Fontana Records in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36832132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832132" title="Maktab-e Tawhid">
Maktab-e Tawhid

Maktab-e Tawhid (also Maktab-e Tawhīd) was a Shi'i seminary for women, established in Qom, Iran's clerical center in 1975, as a wing of the Haghani school. 
The founding of the seminary followed similar institutions in Qom, Fasa, Shiraz and Isfahan. In Fasa, Maktab-e Fatema was opened in 1961, Maktab-e Zahra in Shiraz in 1964, Maktab-e Fatimah in Isfahan in 1965, in Tehran, Zahra-i Athar was opened in 1966, and in Mashhad, Fatemeh Khamooshi (d. 2010) opened Madrase-ye ‘Elmīyya Narges in the same year.
Ironically, it took a number more years until finally, a women's seminary was established in Qom. Mohammad Kazem Shariatmadari added a women's section to his hawza Dar al-Tabligh, called Dar al-Zahra in 1973.
Partially in order to rival the women's section of the Dar al-Tabligh school, Ayatollah Qoddusi, the director of the Haghani school, set up Maktab-e Tawhid. In its first year, the girl's madrasa had thirty students and five female teachers. These included Monir Gorjih, Masumeh Golgiri, and Zohreh Sefati, who had come to Qom from Abadan earlier in the decade in search of a hawza education. 
Among the male lecturers at Maktab-e Tawhid were Sheikh Nematollah Salehi Najafabadi, the author of “Shahid-e Javid,” and Morteza Haeri, the son of Sheikh Abdul-Karim Ha'eri Yazdi. Morteza Ha'eri taught akhlāq at the maktab.
After the 1979 revolution, Maktab-e Tawhid was incorporated together with other women's seminaries in Qom into the larger school, Jamiat al-Zahra.

</doc>
<doc id="36832166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832166" title="Charles Pears">
Charles Pears

Charles Pears (9 September 1873 – 28 January 1958) was a British painter, illustrator and artist.
Born in Pontefract, Yorkshire, he studied nearby at East Hardwick and Pomfret College, where he started a lifelong appreciation of Canaletto. Active from 1890, his worked as an illustrator throughout his career. His early illustrated works were included in periodicals such as "The Yellow Book", "Punch", "The Graphic" and "Salt-Water Poems and Ballads" by John Masefield.
Pears is best known as a marine painter, where he often signed his work as "Chas Pears". Pears was the first elected President of the Society of Marine Artists. His works were exhibited from 1904 to 1939 in London having moved there, and he also wrote a number of books on small boat cruising.
A commissioned officer in the Royal Marines during the First World War, Pears worked also worked as an official War Artist during both the First and Second World Wars. His Second World War poster entitled ""MV "San Demetrio" gets home"" was issued by the Post Office Savings Bank, with the original artwork presently part of the collection of the National Maritime Museum.
From 1913 to 1936, Pears was a prolific poster artist, working for London Underground. He also created posters for the Empire Marketing Board, the Metropolitan Railway, Southern Railway, London, Midland and Scottish Railway, LNER, GWR. He latterly created works for British Railways.
Pears moved to Saint Mawes, Cornwall in semi-retirement, and died in Truro on 28 January 1958.
Today his artworks are held in the collections of the London Transport Museum, National Maritime Museum, National Railway Museum, Imperial War Museum, and Tate. He is commemorated in a prize at the Royal Society of Marine Artists, the Charles Pears Memorial Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36832171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832171" title="Stijn de Looijer">
Stijn de Looijer

Stijn de Looijer (born 31 March 1992) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for NEC in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for FC Den Bosch.

</doc>
<doc id="36832183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832183" title="Fabiani Bridge">
Fabiani Bridge

The Fabiani Bridge () is a two-level bridge over the Ljubljanica River in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia. It links Njegoš Street () with Rog Street () and thus completes the Ljubljana's inner ring road. The bridge has been named after its original conceptor Max Fabiani (1865–1962) and was opened to the public on 22 August 2012. The architect in charge of the design was Jurij Kobe.
On 23 August in the morning, a day after the opening of the bridge, a severe balloon accident happened at the Ljubljana Marshes, several kilometres away. The Fabiani Bridge significantly shortened the pathway of ambulances driving the injured from the site of accident to the Ljubljana University Medical Centre, located in the vicinity of the bridge.
Planning and realization of the bridge have been criticized since the beginning of its planning because it disadvantages cyclists and pedestrians who are not allowed to use the upper part of the bridge, which links Njegoš Street and Rog Street directly, and are confined to using the lower level, which connects to Rog Street via a set of inclined on the Šuštar Embankment.

</doc>
<doc id="36832187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832187" title="The Sundering (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
The Sundering (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

The Sundering is a fictional event set in the "Forgotten Realms" campaign setting of the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game. It is described in a series of novels and game supplements beginning in 2013 in anticipation of the newest version of the game, known at the time as "D&D Next".
History and development.
The first announcement of The Sundering came at Gen Con 2012. Wizards of the Coast is calling the event a "cataclysm". Forgotten Realms campaign setting creator Ed Greenwood described the event as "war, gods, and plain folks trying to get by". The novels and adventures will be released in a staggered, overlapping fashion, and the collective results of players in their adventures can be submitted to WotC, and will influence the stories in the novels. The result of the events, in game terms, will be a simplified set of rules detailed in the upcoming 5th Edition, dubbed "D&D Next".
Novels.
A series of novels explaining the events of The Sundering were released beginning in the second half of 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="36832198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832198" title="International Scouting Collectors Association">
International Scouting Collectors Association

The International Scouting Collectors Association (ISCA) was established in 2001 as a non-profit group interested in furthering the education of scouting through the trade and display of memorabilia and history of the BSA and Scouting. The ISCA states that "primary purpose is to educate the membership and others regarding Scouting memorabilia and promotion of the ISCA Ethics."
History.
The history of the ISCA originated with the American Scouting Traders Association (ASTA) and the National Scouting Collectors Society (NSCS) organizations who worked together to help further the knowledge of scouting memorabilia, and thus the history of supporting young people in their physical, mental and spiritual development. At a 1953 National Jamboree, a group of scouts organized a newsletter called "The Trader". Mike Diamond became the first editor, and volunteers help ensure the integrity of scouting memorabilia with its publications. 
In 1978 "The Trader" joined forces with "Scouting Collectors Quarterly", and through the years produced several publications of various names, and eventually became known as the "National Scouting Collectors Society" (NSCS). 
On the west coast of the United States, a group of traders established the "California Traders Association" (CTA) to further promote the collaboration between traders and collectors during a 12-D conference. The CTA went through several name changes and incarnations though the early and mid 1970s, before becoming known as the "American Scouting Traders Association" (ASTA) in 1985. The ASTA began attending the National Order of the Arrow Conferences in 1990, and by 1994 they boasted over 1000 strong in membership.
Now that the ASTA and NSCS have merged to form the ISCA they have over 1500 members, and a presence in all 50 states, as well as 11 countries worldwide.
The ISCA Journal.
The ISCA publishes a quarterly journal, the "ISCA Journal", ISCA's quarterly publication featuring ISCA functions, Trade-O-Ree information, history of Scouting memorabilia, news of new patches issued, reports on TOR's, Letters to the Editor and lots more.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="36832209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832209" title="Walter Chetwynd (disambiguation)">
Walter Chetwynd (disambiguation)

Walter Chetwynd was an antiquary and politician.
Walter Chetwynd may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36832222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832222" title="Hakim Ziyech">
Hakim Ziyech

Hakim Ziyech (born 19 March 1993) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for SC Heerenveen in the Eredivisie. He is known for his technique and free kick ability.
Career.
Herenveen.
Ziyech joined the football academy school of SC Heerenveen / FC Emmen in 2004.
On 2 August 2012, he made his senior debut for SC Heerenveen in the third qualification round of the UEFA Europa League versus FC Rapid București. Ten days later, he debuted in the Eredivisie, in the 2-0 loss to NEC.

</doc>
<doc id="36832229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832229" title="Stardust on the Sage">
Stardust on the Sage

Stardust on the Sage is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, William Henry, and Edith Fellows. Written by Betty Burbridge, based on a story by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan, the film is about a singing cowboy who helps his fellow ranchers against a corrupt mine superintendent looking to steal the mine in which they've invested. The film soundtrack features two duets by Autry and Fellows, "When the Roses Bloom Again" and "I'll Never Let You Go, Little Darlin'". The final scene includes an innovative audience sing-along medley of the classics "You Are My Sunshine", "Home on the Range", and "Deep in the Heart of Texas", with Burnette conducting and the words appearing at the bottom of the screen.
Plot.
The Rawhide Mining Company is looking for investors to support their hydraulic mining operations in the area. Radio promotions have drawn the interest of local ranchers. Singing cowboy and cattleman Gene Autry (Gene Autry) opposes the company and warns his fellow ranchers not to invest in it—too many local mines have already failed. After saving teenager Judy Drew (Edith Fellows) by stopping her runaway carriage, Gene meets her sister, Nancy Drew (Louise Currie), who runs the local radio station which features a show sponsored by the mining company. Nancy is pleased to see "progressive ranchers" supporting the mining company and tries to elicit Gene's endorsement, but he remains unimpressed.
The mining company has been receiving financial support from the Rawhide Cattlemen's Association, run by Nancy's brother, Jeff (William Henry), who also manages Gene's Western Packing Company. Jeff is relying on investment money from the ranchers after he embezzled the Cattlemen's Association payment to the packing company in order to keep the mine in operation. Mine superintendent Dan Pearson (Emmett Vogan) reminds Jeff that if the mine stops production, the Atlas Mining Equipment Company will take possession. Jeff plans a party where he intends to persuade the ranchers to invest in the mining company. Wanting to support her brother, Nancy offers Gene a ride to the party and fakes a flat tire, preventing him from attending.
The next day, after talking with the ranchers, Gene realizes what Nancy was up to and goes to see her. After secretly recording their conversation, Nancy edits Gene's words and broadcasts the altered conversation making it seem as if Gene is endorsing the mining stock. Later, Gene hears the edited conversation broadcast on the radio and is furious—especially when he learns that the ranchers have followed his "advice" and purchased the stock. When Gene and his sidekick Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) go after Nancy, they encounter three armed thugs who just robbed Nancy and Pearson of the payroll. When Nancy and Pearson arrive, Nancy offers to show Gene the mine to prove that it is a good investment. Pearson offers to take the thugs to jail.
Unknown to Gene and the others, Pearson owns the Atlas Mining Equipment Company and wants the mine to fail so he can become the owner. Pearson in fact hired the thugs to steal the payroll hoping the unpaid miners would walk off the job. Later, Gene becomes suspicious of Pearson when he claims the thugs escaped. Meanwhile, Tom, feeling guilty about his actions, prepares a suicide note and is prevented from shooting himself by Gene who arrives just in time with Nancy. After Jeff confesses, Nancy persuades Gene that the only way to save Jeff from prison is for the mine to succeed. Knowing it's the only way to get back the Western Packing Company's money, Gene begins promoting the mine to the ranchers, assuring them he is investing in the stock.
While the town gathers for Gene's jamboree dance to promote the mining company, Gene is ambushed by Pearson's henchmen on the trail and held captive. When Gene doesn't show up at the dance, Pearson convinces the guests to leave. Judy breaks into a song and Gene arrives to join her on stage—having escaped Pearson's henchmen—and the two sing a beautiful duet. Judy has had a crush on Gene since he saved her from the runaway carriage. After Gene gives his word that he is an investor in the mine, the people rush to invest their money as well.
Still set on sabotaging the mine, Pearson orders his men to empty the dam supplying the power for the hydraulic equipment, then goes to the radio station and tells Nancy that the water supply gave out. When Nancy isn't looking, Pearson switches on the radio microphone and the whole town hears him lie that he warned Gene that the water would dry up and that Gene still wanted to sell the stock for his own profit. Feeling double-crossed, Nancy and the angry townspeople confront Gene, who rushes off to the mine when he learns about the water. After fighting Pearson's henchment, he comes up with a plan to replenish the reservoir by blowing up an abandoned mine shaft to let the water through.
Back in town, Gene picks up a box of explosives, just as the townspeople close in. With Judy's help, Gene escapes with the box of explosives. After setting the dynamite in place, Pearson and the townspeople arrive and try to arrest Gene, but Frog accidentally sets off the explosion, which replenishes the reservoir and provides the necessary water for the mining operation. One of Pearson's henchmen confesses that Pearson was behind the sabotage. Soon after, the mine is fully operational, and Gene and Frog broadcast a show from Nancy's radio station and lead the audience in a sing-along.
Production.
Casting.
In 1942, Edith Fellows appeared in two Gene Autry films, "Heart of the Rio Grande" and "Stardust on the Sage", which highlighted her fine singing voice. Born March 20, 1923, Fellows became a child star in the 1930s. Best known for playing orphans and street urchins, Fellows was an expressive actress with a good singing voice. She made her screen debut at the age of five and had her first credited role in a feature film with "The Rider of Death Valley" (1932). By 1935, she had appeared in over twenty films. Her performance opposite Claudette Colbert and Melvyn Douglas in "She Married Her Boss" (1935) won her a seven-year contract with Columbia Pictures, the first such contract offered to a child.
Fellows appeared in a series of leading roles for Columbia. Her performance as the precocious orphan alongside Bing Crosby in "Pennies from Heaven" (1936) won her critical acclaim. Her acting career was interrupted in the 1940s by serious personal problems. In the 1980s, she returned to acting with sporadic roles, mainly in television series. Between 1929 and 1995, she appeared in over seventy films and television shows.
Filming and budget.
"Stardust on the Sage" was filmed March 24 to April 8, 1941. The film had an operating budget of $86,378 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $87,830.

</doc>
<doc id="36832232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832232" title="Justin Holborow">
Justin Holborow

Justin Bevis, (born 17 September 1996 in Sydney, Australia) better known as Justin Holborow, is an Australian actor, best known for his roles as Harley Canning in Eleven's Neighbours, Jack Stewart in Reef Doctors, and as Griff in the TV adaptation of Conspiracy 365.
Early Life and Education.
Holborow was born on 17 September 1996 in Sydney, Australia. His mother, Sarah Holborow, is a designer. He has one younger sister, Tahli Bevis.
Holborow moved to Bangkok at the age of 12, where he was educated at Harrow International School for over a year, where he played Bugsy in a production of Bugsy Malone, after which he moved back to Sydney with his mother and sister, where he was educated at Newtown High School of the Performing Arts. After being cast in Reef Doctors at the age of 14, he moved to Queensland, where he continued his education part-time. Holborow currently lives in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="36832247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832247" title="Durham/Northumberland 2">
Durham/Northumberland 2

Durham/Northumberland 2 is an English Rugby Union league at the eighth tier of the domestic competition. The champions and runner-up and promoted to Durham/Northumberland 1 and the bottom two clubs are relegated to Durham/Northumberland 3.

</doc>
<doc id="36832257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832257" title="Duotrope">
Duotrope

Duotrope is an online resource for writers. It provides a searchable database of more than 4,700 writer's markets and provides writers with a personal database on which they can list their stories, submissions, and sales. It has been honored by "Writer's Digest" as one of the 101 Best Websites for Writers for every year from 2006 through 2012. It was selected by "Preditors & Editors" for their Truly Useful Site Award in February 2010. "Duotrope" also features interviews with more than 500 editors.
History.
"Duotrope" began as "Duotrope's Digest" and was launched in August 2005. It is run by Duotrope LLC, registered in the state of New Mexico.
Beginning January 1, 2013, "Duotrope" became a subscription-based service, at a rate of $5.00 per month or $50.00 per year.
, "Duotrope" lists over 4900 writers markets.

</doc>
<doc id="36832265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832265" title="Damon Rich">
Damon Rich

Damon Rich (born 1975 in Creve Coeur, Missouri) is a Newark, New Jersey-based designer and artist known for investigating the politics of the built environment. His work looks at the shaping of the world through laws, finance, and politics. He explains his approach as follows: "My exhibitions function as a kind of case study or experiment; each begins with a group of investigators who know little about the subject at hand, acting as stand-ins for the general public." 
In addition to his exhibition work, in 1997 Rich founded the Center for Urban Pedagogy (CUP), a New York City-based nonprofit organization that uses the power of design and art to improve civic engagement. Currently, Rich also serves as the Planning Director & Chief Urban Designer for the City of Newark, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36832275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832275" title="Ilir Azemi">
Ilir Azemi

Ilir Azemi (born 21 February 1992 in Pristina) is a Kosovar football striker who currently plays for SpVgg Greuther Fürth in the 2. Bundesliga.
Personal life.
Azemi was born in Pristina, SFR Yugoslavia (present day Kosovo) but moved to Germany when he was just three years old to flee the conflict in the region.
Following the loss of his father, Azemi has been providing for his mother and three sisters through his footballing income.
Career.
Early career.
Azemi began his career at local side Motor Gispersleben as a child where he remained until he was spotted by SpVgg Greuther Fürth scouts in 2007. He joined the Greuther Fürth youth setup in the summer of 2007, joining the under-17 squad a year later where he made 24 appearances, scoring four goals. He was then included in Jürgen Brandl's under-19 side, where he scored ten goals in 23 games, which earned him a call up to the under-23 team before the end of the 2010–11 season, where he made two appearances. The 2011–12 campaign in the under-23 squad (Greuther Fürth II) proved to be his best so far at the club, scoring 15 goals in 35 appearances, where he helped his side finish sixth and he ended the season as the Regionalliga Süd fifth top scorer.
SpVgg Greuther Fürth.
Following Greuther Fürth's promotion to the Bundesliga for the 2012–13 campaign, Azemi joined the senior team during pre-season where he impressed with his goal scoring ability. He finished pre-season as the top scorer of all the Bundesliga sides, with 16 goals, five more than second places Vedad Ibišević of VfB Stuttgart. He managed to score six goals in a 14–0 win over amateur side TV Market Weiltingen.
He signed a long term contract keeping him at the club until 2015 with the option of an extension.
International career.
The Albanian media has reported that Azemi has been called up by the Albania national under-21 football team, but Azemi has declined the invitation, in that he needs time to get himself established in his club first, however he has declared that he is looking forward to becoming part of the Albania senior team in the future, and that wearing the red-and-black jersey is one of his primary goals. On 8 October 2012, his club SpVgg Greuther Fürth announced that he had accepted a recent call-up from the U21 national team of Albania In January 2013 Azemi repeated to the Albanian media that he expects a call up from manager Gianni de Biasi, to which he will respond positively in order to play for Albania. In January 2014 he confirmed his intentions. But meanwhile he decided to play for Kosovo and joined Kosovo's first international match on 5 March 2014 in Mitrovica.
In June 2014 Azemi reiterated his interest in playing for Albania, since he wants to be in the field against Serbia for the Euro 2016 qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="36832284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832284" title="Jajira Upazila">
Jajira Upazila

Jajira () is an Upazila of Shariatpur District in the Division of Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Geography.
Jajira is located at . It has total area 240 km².
Demographics.
At the 2001 Bangladesh census, Jajira had a population of 186,000. Males constituted 51.08% of the population, and females 48.92%. Jajira had an average literacy rate of 31% (7+ years), against the national average of 32.4%.
Administrative.
Jajira has 12 Unions
10.BK Nagar.
11.Boro Gopalpur.
12.mulna
Jajira has 159 Mauzas/Mahallas, and 211 villages. Don.

</doc>
<doc id="36832286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832286" title="Verlag Die Schmiede">
Verlag Die Schmiede

Verlag Die Schmiede was an avant-garde literature publishing house in the 1920s in Berlin. It published works by Franz Kafka, Alfred Döblin, Joseph Roth, Rudolf Leonhard, and many more. Most of its dust jackets have been designed by George Salter, the later US citizen.
Leonhard was a lector and editor from 1919.
The publisher was the first to publish Kafka's story collection "Ein Hungerkünstler" in 1924 and his novel "Der Process" in 1925, after the author's death. Kafka had prepared the collection for print, his friend Max Brod the novel.
Roth's novels "Hotel Savoy" and "Rebellion" were first published in 1924.
Rudolf Schottlaender's first translation of the first part of "A la recherche du temps perdu" was published under the title of "Der Weg zu Swann" (The way to Swann).

</doc>
<doc id="36832296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832296" title="Durham/Northumberland 3">
Durham/Northumberland 3

Durham/Northumberland 3 is an English Rugby Union league at the ninth tier of the domestic competition and is currently the basement league of club rugby in North East England. Any club in the north east wishing to join the rugby union club hierarchy must begin at the bottom so all new teams from the north east start in this division. The champions and runner-up and promoted to Durham/Northumberland 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36832306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832306" title="Alcatraz Gang">
Alcatraz Gang

The Alcatraz Gang was a group of eleven American prisoners of war (POW) held separately during the Vietnam War because of their particular resistance to their North-Vietnamese captors. These eleven POWs were: George Thomas Coker, Jeremiah Denton, Harry Jenkins, Sam Johnson, George McKnight, James Mulligan, Howard Rutledge, Robert Shumaker, James Stockdale, Ronald Storz, and Nels Tanner.
These prisoners were held in solitary confinement from 25 October 1967 to 9 December 1969 in a special facility (dubbed "Alcatraz" by Stockdale) behind the North Vietnamese Ministry of National Defense, about a mile away from the Hanoi Hilton. The prisoners were shackled with legcuffs every night in 3-by-9-foot cells with the light on around the clock. These "11 prisoners of war were separated because they were leaders of the prisoners' resistance". Stockdale once tried to kill himself so that the North Vietnamese could not force him to make a propaganda film. The suicide attempt failed and the film was never made. Of Stockdale, Coker said "He was probably the strongest, most exemplary leader of the whole North Vietnamese POW environment". Coker and McKnight were the last POWs assigned to the Alcatraz Gang, being so assigned for previous fierce resistance to their treatment and an unsuccessful escape from the Power Plant or("Dirty Bird" prison camp). The POWs considered some things as just "mistreatment" not real torture, such as their ankles being shackled to the floor. Being hung from the ceiling by ropes, however, was torture. The group received special torture and were taken into torture sessions in order of rank, highest to lowest. Coker was the youngest and lowest ranking of the eleven POWs and was taken in last. He said he is still grateful for every minute the others held out. During the end of his session, something changed and the session stopped, which the POWs thought was because of a political decision from higher authorities to stop the sessions. All of the prisoners except Storz were moved to other prisons in December 1969. Storz, debilitated from sickness and untreated injuries, was left behind and died in captivity on 23 April 1970.
When they were released, so much had changed back in America that Coker said it was as if "...we weren't here (in America) at all. We were strangers in our own country, and we didn't like a lot of what we saw". Many still have throbbing in joints from the rope torture and Coker's wife says, "In his sleep, he holds up 'the wall'". Coker says, "If you're never tested, you don't know (what you can do)".
Three of the surviving POWs had died by November 2008. The others keep in close touch.

</doc>
<doc id="36832314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832314" title="Oskar Pollak">
Oskar Pollak

Oskar Pollak (5 September 1883 – 11 June 1915) was a Czech art historian.
Pollak, born in Prague, was a classmate of Franz Kafka at the Altstädter Gymnasium. After graduation, he first took a degree in chemistry, and later the philosophy and archeology, and finally the art history at the German Karl-Ferdinands-Universität in Prague. In the summer semester 1903, he was appointed as rapporteur of the literary arts section. Kafka took over this function, when in 1903 Pollak accepted a temporary job as a tutor at Schloss Oberstudenetz at Zdiretz.
Pollak received his PhD in 1907 for a treatise about the Baroque sculptors Jan Brokoff and Ferdinand Brokoff. The same year he married Hedwig Eisner in Prague.
Pollak wrote numerous studies of art history, especially on the Renaissance and the Baroque. From 1910 to 1913, he worked first as an assistant lecturer, after his habilitation as a private lecturer in art history at the University of Vienna. When he was offered the position of secretary of art history at the Austrian Institute for Historical Research in Rome, Pollak left Vienna and went with his wife to Italy.
At the beginning of the First World War he volunteered. He died on 11 June 1915 on the Austro-Italian front on the Isonzo. Oskar Pollak left an extensive art historical estate, which was published in the late 1920s. Many of his publications are preserved in the library of the Royal Dutch Institute in Rome. Part of his private library was a large collection of topographical descriptions of and guidebooks to Rome, on which Ludwig Schudt based his bibliography "Le Guide di Roma", published in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="36832327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832327" title="Military history of Georgia">
Military history of Georgia

The country of Georgia has known a rich military history, both as a battlefield of empires and as an independent political and military power. The strategic significance and natural wealth of its territory made it the target of many invasions, and the country's independence was preserved against multiple enemies by a succession of states. Before the unification of the country by the Bagrationi dynasty in the 10th century, several states, such as Iberia and Colchis had managed to subsist between the Roman empire (later Byzantine Empire in the West, and the Sassanid Empire (later replaced by the Umayyad and Abbasid Caliphates. Between the 11th and 15th centuries, the Kingdom of Georgia was a major regional power, which withstood invasions by the Great Seljuk Empire, Mongol Empire, and Timurid Empire, before its fragmentation and submission to the Ottoman and Safavid Empires. Many Georgians fought in the armies of the empires that ruled the country from the 16th century, be it the Safavids, the Russian Empire or the Soviet Union, and the nation kept a reputation for military valour and skill. Since 1991, the newly independent Georgia has taken part in many conflicts: its conflicts with Russia culminated in the 2008 South Ossetia war, while its alliance with the United States led to Georgia's participation in the Afghan and Iraq wars.
Antiquity.
Kingdom of Iberia.
Iberia (Georgian — იბერია, and Greek: ), also known as Iveria (), was a name given by the ancient Greeks and Romans to the ancient Georgian kingdom of Kartli (4th century BC – 5th century AD), corresponding roughly to the eastern and southern parts of the present day Georgia. The term Caucasian Iberia (or Eastern Iberia) is used to distinguish it from the Iberian Peninsula, where the present day countries of Spain, Portugal and Andorra are located.
The Caucasian Iberians provided a basis for later Georgian statehood and along with Colchis (early western Georgian state) formed a core of the present day Georgian people (or Kartvelians).
Pompey's Georgian campaign.
Pompey invaded Georgia in 65 BC after making the Kingdom of Armenia a vassal of Rome. He demanded from the Iberians to become Roman vassals, but the Iberians refused and began partisan wars against Pompey. They were hiding in woods and killing Roman soldiers. Reportedly, a sizable number of women also participated in this irregular warfare. Later in 65 BC the Iberians fought against Pompey over the Aragvi river, Greek historian Plutarch called this battle a great battle and noted that Iberian casualties consisted of approximately 9,000 people, while more than 10,000 were taken captive by Romans. After submitting Iberia, Pompey headed towards the Kingdom of Colchis and subjugated the main fortresses and various local peoples on the way with both cunning diplomacy and the use of force.
Kingdom of Colchis.
In ancient Geography, Colchis or Kolkhis (Georgian and Laz: კოლხეთი, "ḳolkheti" or "ḳolkha"; , "Kolkhís") was an ancient Georgian state kingdom and region in Western Georgia, which played an important role in the ethnic and cultural formation of the Georgian nation. Its geography is mostly assigned to what is now the western part of Georgia and encompasses the present-day Georgian provinces of Samegrelo, Imereti, Guria, Adjara, Abkhazeti, Svaneti, Racha; the modern Turkey’s Rize, Trabzon and Artvin provinces (Lazistan, Tao-Klarjeti); and the modern Russia’s Sochi and Tuapse districts. The Colchians were probably established on the Black Sea coast by the Middle Bronze Age.
War between Iberia and Armenia.
The War between Armenia and Iberia (AD 51) is known chiefly through its description in Tacitus' Annals.
Fearing usurpation by Rhadamistus, his father convinced him to declare war upon his uncle and claim the Armenian throne for himself. The Iberians invaded with a large army and forced Mithridates to retreat into the fortress of Gorneas (Garni), which was garrisoned by the Romans under the command of Caelius Pollio, a prefect, and Casperius, a centurion. Rhadamistus was unable to take the fortress by assault or by siege. Pollio, swayed by bribery from Rhadamistus, induced the Roman soldiers to threaten the capitulation of the garrison. Under this threat, Mithridates left the fortress in order to make peace with Rhadamistus. Rhadamistus then executed Mithridates and his sons, despite a promise of non-violence, and became King of Armenia. Of this usurpation, Tacitus wrote "Rhadamistus might retain his ill-gotten gains, as long as he was hated and infamous; for this was more to Rome's interest than for him to have succeeded with glory".
Late Antiquty.
Vakhtang Gorgasal's revolt against Sassanids.
In 327 Georgia adopted Christianity and become a Christian state, which caused it to grow more distant from its Zoroastrian neighbor. From 483 to 522 years Georgian king Vakhtang I "Gorgasali" was fighting against Iran. Persians called him “Gorgasal”, which means wolf, because of his helmet,which was made of a wolf's head, worn by the Georgian king Vakhtang I when he fought against invading Persians. Vakhtang Gorgasali made Georgia a strong regional power. Total number of Georgian Army soldiers under Vakhtang I was under 50,000-60,000 warriors.
Iberian War.
The Iberian War was a conflict between the Eastern Roman and Sassanid Empires over the Georgian kingdom of Iberia,which lasted from 526 to 532. It began following a rise of tension between the two empires in the upper Mesopotamian and Transcaucasian regions, and an anti-Persian revolt in Iberia. The war had ended with the signing of the Treaty of Eternal Peace, in which the Sassanids kept Iberia,and the Byzantines (Eastern Romans) gained the region of Lazica. The treaty had essentially been broken with the start of the Lazic War nine years later.
Lazic War.
In the Eternal Peace treaty signed between the Sassanid and Byzantine empires,the Sassanids saw Lazica as a region within the sphere of influence of the Byzantines and the Lazic king at the time (Tzath I) was granted baptism from Byzantine Emperor Justinian I in Constantinople. Lazica effectively became a protectorate of the Byzantines,which eventually led to a fullscale revolt in 541,which was supported by the Persian Shah Khosrau I. The revolt essentially overthrew Byzantine control in the region.<br>
However,the tables were turned in 548 when the situation turned against the Persians,and the Lazics began to revolt against the Persians with Byzantine help.<br>
The conflict had ended with a status quo agreement made in 562,in which the Sassanids yet again recognized Lazica as a vassal state of the Byzantine Empire.
Early middle ages.
War with Umayyad Caliphate.
War with Umayyad Caliphate took place from 735 to 737. Georgians lost the war and Marwan ibn Muhammad massacred many Georgians.
High Middle Ages.
Kingdom of Georgia.
Georgia’s power reached its peak in the years from 1980-1236,creating one of the strongest medieval kingdoms with a population of 9-13 million Georgians and with an army of 40,000-90,000 warriors.
Byzantine-Georgian Wars.
The Byzantine Empire and the Kingdom of Georgia were first began fighting each other in the years 1014-1208 AD.
The Byzantines invaded Georgia while Georgia was busy in wars against the Seljuks and Arabs. The Byzantines conquered Georgian territories but as soon as the Kingdom of Georgia found power to fight the third invader, Georgia reconquered Tao-Klarjeti and invaded Byzantium. Soon Georgia conquered Trabzon and finished the war with victory.
Georgian-Seljuk wars.
Battle of Didgori.
The Battle of Didgori was fought between the armies of the Kingdom of Georgia(55,000) and Great Seljuq Empire( 300,000)) at Didgori, 40 km west of Tbilisi, (the modern-day capital of Georgia), on August 12, 1121. The battle resulted in King David IV of Georgia’s decisive victory over a Seljuk invasion army under Ilghazi and the subsequent reconquest of a Muslim-held Tbilisi, which became the royal capital. The victory at Didgori inaugurated medieval Georgia’s "Golden Age" and is celebrated in the Georgian chronicles as a "miraculous victory", while modern Georgians continue to remember the event as an annual September festival known as Didgoroba ("day of Didgori").
Battle of Shamkor.
In June 1, 1195 Georgia crushed a 70,000 manned army of Azerbaijani Atabeg commanded by Abu Bakr with a 35,000 Georgian army commanded by David Soslan,spouse of Tamar. The battle took place at the modern-day Shamkir District in Azerbaijan. Bakr was eventually captured as prisoner after a retreat to Nakhichevan.
Battle of Basian.
In July 27, 1202 the Georgia crushed a (approx.) 400,000 manned Army of the Seljuqid Sultanate of Rüm in the Basiani Vale,located 60 km northeast from Erzurum with a 65,000 manned army.
Mongol invasions of Georgia and Armenia.
The first appearance of the Mongols in the Caucasus was in 1220,when the Mongol generals Subutai and Jebe persuaded the Khwarezmian Shah (Muhammad the IInd) to invade Georgia,taking away several regions from the nation. Subutai and Jebe later advanced northwards into the Kievan Rus'.
The Mongols had launched a full scale invasion of Georgia in 1236,along with the Empire of Trabizond and the Sultanate of Rum. They took the southernmost regions of the Georgian kingdom in Armenia,effectively annexing the nation,while the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia and certain Crusader states willingly gave into vassalage. Georgia enjoyed a short period of independence from the Mongols under king George V,though the Timurid invasions eventually lead to its destruction.
Medieval Georgian army.
From Highest to lowest rank in Medieval Georgian:
Timur's invasions of Georgia.
Georgia, a Christian in the Caucasus, was subjected, between 1386 and 1404, to several disastrous invasions by the armies of Turco-Mongol conqueror Timur, whose vast empire stretched, at its greatest extent, from Central Asia into Anatolia.
In the first of at least seven invasions, Timur sacked Georgia's capital, Tbilisi, and captured the king Bagrat V in 1386. Georgian resistance prompted a renewed attack by the Turco-Mongol armies. Bagrat’s son and successor, George VII, put up a stiff resistance and had to spend much of his reign (1395-1405) fighting the Timurid invasions. Timur personally led most of these raids to subdue the recalcitrant Georgian monarch. Although he was not able to establish a firm control over Georgia, the country suffered a blow from which it never recovered. George VII had eventually signed a peace treaty with the Timurids,though his kingdom consisted of little more than gutted towns, ravaged countryside and a shattered monarchy.
Turkoman invasions of Georgia.
Following the death of Turco-Mongol ruler Timurlane,his empire began fragmenting into smaller states. One of these states was Kara Koyunlu,which took advantage of Georgia's weakness which befell them after several invasions by Timur,and launched an invasion in which they killed the Georgian king George VII. The next king, Constantine I allied himself with Shirvanshah Ibrahim I,however,he was defeated and taken captive in the Battle of Chalagan and was executed along with 300 other Georgians. Alexander I had re-taken Lori from the Turkomans,and encouraged the Armenian king Beskhen II Orbelian to attack the Turkomans in the modern-day Syunik Province in southern Armenia,which he had accomplished and gave Beskhen the Lori province under the terms that he became a vassal. Jahan Shah of Kara Koyunlu had launched two invasion forces into Georgia 1440 and 1444 due to Alexander's unwillingness to pay tribute to the Shah,sacking Tbilisi and other areas.<br>
The Kara Koyunlu were destroyed by the Aq Qoyunlu,whom were tribal kin to Kara Koyunlu and were very similar in many ways. The Aq Qoyunlu took advantage of the fragmentation of Georgia and invaded several times under prince Uzun Hasan. The Georgians had eventually allied themselves with the founder of the Persian Safavid Dynasty Ismail I and defeated the Aq Qoyunlu,putting an end to their invasions.
Georgian Mamluks in Egypt.
In the thirteenth century, Egyptians began recruiting mainly Christians of Georgia and Circassia as slave soldiers called "Mamluks". After 1235, 70 percent of Egyptian Mamluks were Circassians or Georgians in origin and the other 30% were Kipchaks.
Georgian Mamluks in Iraq.
At the start of the eighteenth century, Georgian Mamluks based in Iraq asserted autonomy from the Ottoman Empire and founded a dynasty which ruled an autonomous Iraq until 1831, when the Ottomans reimposed direct rule.
Georgian weapons.
King David "the Builder" made his own sword,naming it "Khmali" (literally meaning "Sword" in Georgian) and supplied his army with it. The Georgians called it "Davitiuri" which means "sword of David" in English. David personally called it "Sword of Messiah".
The Georgian "Davitiuri" sword was a mixed type of the European Knightly sword and the Persian bow sword. Later this type of sword led Georgians into the Golden age of Georgia in 11-12th centuries. The Georgian "Davitiuri" sword was adopted by all Caucasian nations and became a Caucasian sword.
Early modern period.
Georgian-Ottoman wars.
After Mongol invasions and collapse of Kingdom of Georgia, From 16th century to 19th Georgia was Fighting against Persian, Ottoman, and Russian Rule in the battles of
In 19th century Russia annexed Georgia and Georgians began partisan wars against the Russians. In the early 20th century Georgia declared independence from Russia. In 1921,the newly established Bolshevik faction invaded and annexed Georgia.
modern period.
World War I.
Georgia fought in the first world war within Russia and some at side of Germany. 200,000 soldiers were sent to the war out of a population of 1.5 million. 15,000 Soldiers fought at side of Germany in the Georgian Legion.
World War II.
Georgia sent up to 700,000 soldiers at side of Soviet Union out of a 3 million total population to the war, 300,000 soldiers died and around 400,000 soldiers returned. 30,000 Fought at side of the Axis within the Georgian Legion, some fought out of Georgian Legion in SS and Luftwaffe. The 882nd Infantry Battalion of the Georgian Legion under the command of Shalva Loladze had revolted against the Germans on the 5th of April 1945 in Dutch region of Texel. (See Georgian uprising on Texel)<br>
Notable Georgian commanders of World War II:
Joseph Stalin, Konstantine Leselidze, Vladimir Janjgava, Shalva Maglakelidze, Archil Gelovani.<br>
Other notable Georgian soldiers in World War II are Dimitri Amilakhvari, Noe Adamia, Meliton Kantaria, Geno Adamia, Vasilij Kvachantiradze, Yaroslav Iosseliani.
Wars against Russia.
In the last 200 years, there were 8 wars against Russia, but Russia still occupies 20% of Georgian territory. Russian-Georgian wars still active.
Georgia.
Georgia declared independence from the Soviet Union on the 9th April 1991. After gaining independence, Abkhazia and South Ossetia declared independence from Georgia,which lead to a civil war in which Russia directly supported the Abkhazians. The conflict between Georgia and its separatist territories still have not yet been resolved today.
Georgian army in 2012.
After the Rose Revolution, Georgia began reforms of its armed forces, the number of soldiers increased from 15,00 to 37,000 and theGeorgian soldiers began training together with US Marine Corps. Georgia bought armament from the USA, Israel, Ukraine, Czech, Poland etc. Georgia's land forces are equipped with M4 carbine (main), Negev Img, M134, M40 rifle, M24 Sniper Weapon System, Sako TRG and other weapons. Georgia began full rearming to remove Soviet armament.
The structure of the Georgian Land Forces is based on brigade and battalion-sized military units. The main force consists of five infantry and two artillery brigades with additional brigades or battalions attached. Georgian brigades have a total manpower of up to 5,500+. The overall strength of the land forces is 37,553 (excluding active reserve), from which 21 are high-ranking officers, 6,166 officers and sergeants, 28,477 corporals, 125 cadets and 388 civilians. The ground forces are equipped with a great variety of weapons and vehicles. The light infantry presents the backbone of the Georgian army and is being trained on the model of US Marines as a quickly deployable direct action vanguard, while the actual infantry acts as supportive arm. Special forces operate independently under MOD directivity. 
In 1999 Georgia created a Georgian special operations battalion with help from Turkey, after 2004 this secret battalion began Training together with Special Forces of the U.S Army. Now, the Georgian special operations battalion is one of the best MOD special forces in Eastern Europe.
In 2011 Georgia made reserve forces who will be trained and equipped until 2013. 140,000 reserve forces will be ready to 2013, with 70,000 in 2012. 40,000 reservists will become territorial reserve forces under command of Police 100,000 reservists will become army reserve to support Regular army during war. Georgian reserve forces are equipped with AK-47, AK-74M, RPG-7, SVD and other former equipment of Georgian regular army. Total number of reservists suitable for military service (27–40 years old males) is 900,000.
Georgia created its own Military industry and has already produced:
Upgrades
Future production
In 2012, Georgia's president Mikheil Saakashvili said that Georgia will produce its own made surface to air missile system. From 1946 to 1989 Georgia was producing air to air missiles, for example air-to-air R-60 and R-73 IR guided missiles. Total number of produced missiles was 6,000.
Georgian MOD said that Georgia is working on a few new products and improvement of already produced vehicles. Also,the Georgian president said that Georgia will present the first Georgian Armed unmanned aerial vehicle in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36832328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832328" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Quad Singles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Quad Singles

The quad singles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing was held from 9 September to 14 September at the Olympic Green Tennis Centre. The DecoTurf surface rendered the event a hardcourt competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36832333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832333" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's Doubles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's Doubles

The men's doubles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing was held from 10 September to 15 September at the Olympic Green Tennis Centre. The DecoTurf surface rendered the event a hardcourt competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36832338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832338" title="Leonid Zuborev">
Leonid Zuborev

Leonid Zuborev (Зуборев Леонид Иосифович, Зубараў Леанід Іосіфавіч, Зубарев, Zubarev, Zubarau - November 18, 1943) is a Soviet born author / biographer. He's been a school teacher in Minsk, Belarus and has written 14 books (mostly in Russian) ranging from historical novels, biographies, and children's literature. He came to United States twenty years ago and has continued to write in both English and Russian. He has published and sold about 100,000 books. Leonid currently lives in Brooklyn, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="36832344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832344" title="ISKCON Seshadripuram Bangalore">
ISKCON Seshadripuram Bangalore

ISKCON Sri Jagannath Mandir or ISKCON Bangalore - Seshadripuram is a Gaudiya Vaishnava temple of Jagannath located at Seshadripuram, in the North Bangalore, India. It is Bangalore's Official "Branch" of ISKCON India, Registered In 2nd January 1971 By ISKCON Founder Acarya: His Divine Grace A.C Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada.
History.
In 1997, The President of ISKCON - Hare Krishna Hill, Bangalore Declared that his centre was no longer a branch of ISKCON India, which he calls "ISKCON Mumbai". ISKCON Juhu, Mumbai is the Legal Headquarters of all 120+ ISKCON Branches in India. , After which almost all ISKCON Devotees were "Temple-Less". Hence the devotees, leaded by Narahari Das, rented the temple property in Seshadripuram. The Deities were installed in the year 2000, By His Holiness Jayapataka Swami. 
Soon afterwards, The Congregation started expanding and hence, ISKCON Purchased Land in South Bangalore. Narahari Das's Management had decided to go and work on the temple there. Hence Anukul Keshav Das formed a new committee in the year 2011. 
In the year 2013, ISKCON Started Negotiating deals with landowners behind the current temple property in Seshadripuram. In January 2014, an agreement was signed between ISKCON and the landowners. ISKCON has proposed to build "The Palace Temple of Lord Jagannath" in this Property. 
Note: In 2005, Varada Krishna Das had also Joined ISKCON Bangalore - Seshadripuram, Varada Krishna Das had also made his own congregation and around 2008 he started having a campus in HBR Layout. In 2013, They Inaugurated ISKCON Narasimha-Giridhari Mandir.
Festivals.
ISKCON Seshadripuram celebrates festivals that are either related to avatars of Krishna or with Vedic culture. Main festivals that are celebrated within the temple are:

</doc>
<doc id="36832347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832347" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Quad Doubles">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Quad Doubles

The quad doubles wheelchair tennis competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing was held from 10 September to 13 September at the Olympic Green Tennis Centre. The DecoTurf surface rendered the event a hardcourt competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36832359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832359" title="Ernst Kaiser (disambiguation)">
Ernst Kaiser (disambiguation)

Ernst Kaiser (1911–1972) was an Austrian writer and translator.
Ernst Kaiser may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36832370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832370" title="Charlie Mars">
Charlie Mars

Charlie Mars is a vocalist, guitarist and singer-songwriter from Mississippi. Mars has performed at Austin City Limits and South by Southwest. Mars was featured in Esquire Magazine's Songwriting Challenge which he says was his brainchild.
Biography.
Mars was born in Laurel, Mississippi and grew up in Oxford and Jackson, Mississippi. Mars' parents are David and Sylvia. Mars has two brothers, Sam and Chad. Mars was transformed to a musician at age 15 or 16, when he heard "Thriller" and "Slippery When Wet". The first Violent Femmes record also figured significantly into his development as a musician. He bought everything that had a similar sound. Mars' family moved to Jackson, Mississippi when he was a senior in high school. He graduated from Jackson Preparatory School in 1992. He was lead singer and guitarist in a band called Adley Madidafus in high school. Mars attended Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. Mars started playing for Jack Ingram in 1992 ("The Charlie Mars Band"). 
Mars has a floating, mellow croon combined with sensual soul-rock arrangements. Mars has been compared to Jason Mraz and Josh Rouse, and described as a tougher edged version of Jeff Buckley. Mars says that songs come to him spontaneously, and that he relies on the quality and memorability of the material to remember what he creates. Mars says "...the stuff that's any good I remember, and the crap I just forget. I'm a firm believer in the hypothesis that the good shit sticks."
Personal.
As of 2012, he was living in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36832378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832378" title="Et vous, tu m'aimes ?">
Et vous, tu m'aimes ?

"Et vous, tu m'aimes ?" is the debut album of French indie folk duo Brigitte. 
Tracklist (original).
Total duration = 47:30

</doc>
<doc id="36832408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832408" title="Michelle Edwards">
Michelle Edwards

Michelle Edwards may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36832434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832434" title="Pilipinas Got Talent (season 4)">
Pilipinas Got Talent (season 4)

The fourth season of Pilipinas Got Talent is a talent show on ABS-CBN. The show premiered on February 16, 2013. Billy Crawford, and Luis Manzano reprised their hosting duties; while Kris Aquino, Ai-Ai delas Alas, and Freddie Garcia returned as judges of the show.
This season will mark the introduction of a semifinal round, where in 12 acts who won the quarterfinals will compete for the six slots in the grand finals.
On June 2, 2013, Roel Manlangit, a 13-year old singer from Valencia, Bukidnon, was hailed as the winner of the season.
A special episode, dubbed as "You Got It! Kwento Natin 'To!", highlighting the past episodes of the season was aired on June 8, 2013.
Auditions.
A teaser for the fourth season were aired after the results night of "The X Factor Philippines" in July 29, 2012. Calls for auditions were announced in early August 2012. Major auditions were held in key cities like Parañaque City, Quezon City, Dagupan City, Bacolod, General Santos, Cebu and Davao City. Mini-auditions were also held in Manila, Marikina City, Valenzuela City, Nueva Ecija, Olongapo, Taytay, Dasmariñas City, Rosario, Santa Rosa City, San Pablo City, Batangas City, Lipa City, Lucena City, Gumaca, Calapan, Palawan, Iloilo, Consolacion, Dumaguete, Tacloban and Cagayan de Oro.
People were also able to audition online by uploading their audition videos to CgeTV, a user-generated video channel created by ABS-CBN Interactive. Online auditions ran from August 2012 until December 30, 2012. In addition, there are outdoor auditions for some acts in the show such as exhibitions, stunts and gymnastics that required materials like cars, motorcycles or swimming pool which held outside the venue.
Winners of TFCkat, an international competition made by The Filipino Channel which is held in Filipino key areas all over the world, were also given auditions slots.
Successful auditionees.
At the end of the auditions, all the artists who made it through the auditions will proceed to the ""Judges Cull"".
Judges Cull.
After the auditions, 104 acts made it to the "Judges Cull" held at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center in Quezon City. In this round, the judges will make a review of their auditions in order to choose the top 36 acts to compete in the Live Quarterfinals. The quarter finalists are composed of fourteen dance acts; seven singing acts; three musical acts; and twelve variety/novelty acts that include various stunts, outdoor acts, magic acts, acrobatics and gymnastics.
Live shows.
Quarterfinals.
The Quarterfinals began on April 6, 2013 in PAGCOR Grand Theater in Parañaque, Metro Manila. Each week, performances from six acts took place on Saturday nights, while the results are announced during Sunday nights of which two acts — one act chosen through public poll via SMS votes and one chosen by the judges — will proceed to the semifinals. Oftentimes during results nights, guests are invited live to perform.
Week 1 (April 6 & 7).
Note:
Semifinals.
The Semifinals began on May 18, 2013 in PAGCOR Grand Theater in Parañaque, Metro Manila. For two weeks, six quarterfinalist winners per week will perform for a special spot in the six slots for the finals. The mechanics for the semifinals will be the same from the quarterfinals. However, three acts will be chosen per week, instead of the usual two — one act coming from the public's vote, and two from the judges' votes.
Also just like the quarterfinals, guests will be invited to perform in the show.
Finals (June 1 & 2).
The Finals was held on June 1 & 2, 2013 in PAGCOR Grand Theater in Parañaque, Metro Manila.
June 1, 2013
June 2, 2013
Criticism.
With Manlangit declared as the winner of the fourth season, many Filipino netizens were disappointed with the show for its preference with singers. The show had produced four singers for four straight seasons, all of whom were males. Many had vented their disappointments on Twitter. One shared that in order to win the show, one must be a male singer with a very sad and tragic background story. Some netizens also recommended to change the title of the show to "Pilipinas Got Singers," pertaining much to the winning streak of singers in the show.
Television ratings.
Television ratings for the fourth season of "Pilipinas Got Talent" on ABS-CBN are gathered from two major sources, namely from AGB Nielsen and Kantar Media. AGB Nielsen's survey ratings are gathered from Mega Manila households, while Kantar Media's survey ratings are gathered from all over the Philippines' urban and rural households.

</doc>
<doc id="36832478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832478" title="Norton Hall">
Norton Hall

Norton Hall is an English country house situated on Norton Church Road in the suburb of Norton in Sheffield, England. For most of its history it has been a private residence, in its latter history it has been used as a NHS hospital, a private hospital and has now been converted into high quality apartments. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History.
Previous halls on the site.
The present Norton Hall dates from 1815 but the Norton estate has great history and can be traced back to pre Conquest days with the estate being mentioned in the last will and testament of the Anglo-Saxon nobleman Wulfric Spott who died c. 1002. Modern historian Barbara A. West states that the present Norton Hall "“is probably the third house on the site”". In the 12th century the estate was owned by Robert FitzRanulph, the Lord of Alfreton and Norton who funded the building of the nearby Beauchief Abbey. The FitzRanulph family remained the owners of the Norton estate until 1269 when the failure to produce a male heir meant the estate went into the hands of the Chaworth family who owned the estate for almost two hundred years until their male lineage ran out in 1458.
The house then had a succession of different owners including the Denham, Babbington, Eyre, Blythe and Bullock families. The house at this time seems to have been in the style of the traditional Elizabethan E shape manor house, having a principal front with projections at each end and a recess in the centre. In 1666 the Bullocks had severe monetary problems and the house and estate was sold to Cornelius Clarke who died childless and passed it on to his nephew Robert Offley. The Offleys remained for several generations, with Stephen Offley becoming High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1716. The female heir Urith Offley married the Sheffield banker Samuel Shore in 1759. At this time Norton Hall was described by the Reverend George Hall in his 1815 book "“The History of Chesterfield”" as “One of those picturesque old mansions of our country gentry of the high order, of which so few remain. Some portions of it were of very high antiquity.” 
Present hall is built.
Samuel Shore’s son, also Samuel, is responsible for the design of the hall as we see it today. He completely rebuilt and re-modelled the house and included a private nonconformist chapel, stables, a gamekeeper‘s house, 200 acres of park and woodland, small lakes and a walled garden . The house was described as “a fine mansion with a spacious park”, although the well known Norton sculptor Francis Chantrey described it as “Packing box with windows in”. The Shores were forced to sell the house when their bank on Church Street failed in the financial crash of 1843. Initially there were no offers to buy, as Lord of the Manor Offley Shore put the estate on the market. Finally a tenant, James Yates, was found and he lived in the house for a time.
The house was eventually purchased by Charles Cammell (1810-1879) in 1850, owner of the Cyclops Steel Works in Sheffield. Cammell added a grand dining room, a billiard room, orangery and colonnade. The next owner was John Sudbury who occupied the hall until 1901 and he was followed by William Frederic Goodliffe, a hosiery manufacturer, who lived there for a year with wife Elizabeth, daughters Ellen and Ada and four servants. In 1902 the owner was Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard Alexander Firth, Commander of the 4th Battalion of the York and Lancaster Regiment and the son of the Sheffield steel manufacturer Mark Firth. He had the dining room panelled in oak and installed a 17th-century marble fireplace, thereafter it was known as the Oak Room. In 1916 Bernard Firth allowed officers of the Royal Flying Corps to use the hall.
The hall as a hospital.
In 1925 Lieutenant-Colonel Firth donated the hall to the four main voluntary hospitals in Sheffield, he also sold them 112 acres of land for £25,000. The plan was to incorporate Norton Hall into a new hospital which would amalgamate the services of The Royal, The Royal Infirmary and Jessop hospitals. However, a later decision was made to consolidate hospital services in the city centre and it was deemed that Norton was to far away to be used as a main hospital. This left Jessop Hospital to make full use of the site and in October 1927 the Firth Auxiliary Hospital (also known as the Norton Annexe) opened as an supplementary unit to the main site in the city centre. The unit could house 45 antenatal and fever cases and there was a special open air ward for the treatment of puerperal sepsis. The closure of the Firth Auxiliary Hospital was first discussed in April 1969 and it was finally closed in 1972. In November 1972 the hall was re-opened as the Beechwood private clinic which in turn closed in 1989.
The creation and development of Graves Park.
When the Norton estate was broken up and sold in 1925 by Lieutenant-Colonel Firth, 154 acres were purchased by Councillor John George Graves and presented to Sheffield Corporation as a gift to the City of Sheffield for use as a public park, it was named Graves Park, the largest in the city. Over the years more of the Norton estate was bought up to increase the size of the park. In 1929, 43 acres of land previously occupied by tenant farmers was purchased and this was followed by the acquisition of another eight acres in 1931. In 1935 J.G. Graves again extended the park by buying land from the hospital trustees which had formerly been used by the Firth Auxiliary Hospital. In 1976, 22 acres of agricultural land which had previously been part of the Norton estate and stood close to the hall was acquired to create the Graves Park Animal Farm.
Present Day.
In the 1990s the hall, stables, colonnade and orangery were developed into high class private accommodation.
Architecture.
The hall is constructed from dressed stone with a hipped slate roof. The main frontage of the building faces south and is composed of three storeys and a seven window range, the windows are mostly 20th century top hung casements with moulded surrounds and keystones. The front also has a central pediment and the main entrance has an open Doric three bay colonnade. The main colonnade leads off the west side of the building and is composed of eight bays with Doric columns. The colonnade leads on to the taller orangerey which has three tall round arched openings with keystones, all the openings in the orangerey and the colonnade have now been filled in as they have been converted to apartments. The stables stand 200 metres to the north east and are built of ashlars and coursed rubble with a hipped stone slate roof.

</doc>
<doc id="36832507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832507" title="Ramin Mehmanparast">
Ramin Mehmanparast

Ramin Mehmanparast (, born 13 July 1960 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian diplomat, the former spokesman of the Iranian foreign ministry and the current ambassador to Poland and Lithuania. He was the deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, the head of the "Center for Public Diplomacy & Media" and the spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 31 October 2009 until his resignation on 11 May 2013. He was also the ambassador of Iran to Thailand from 1996 to 2000 and Kazakhstan from 2004 to 2009.
On 26 September 2012, while in New York City for the meeting of the United Nations General Assembly, Mehmanparast was attacked on the street by "mujahedin".
After the December 2012 Sandy Hook shooting in the United States, Mehmanparast expressed his condolences to the American people and the victims' families. 
Mehmanparast was nominated for 2013 presidential election on 11 May 2013 and left his position as the spokesman of the Iranian Foreign Ministry on the same day. He withdrew from his nomination on 19 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36832522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832522" title="Make Your Own Danger">
Make Your Own Danger

Make Your Own Danger is the fourth full-length album by singer-songwriter Alina Simone, released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36832537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832537" title="Mick McGrath">
Mick McGrath

Mick McGrath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36832544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832544" title="Janabiyah">
Janabiyah

Janabiyah (Arabic:الجنبية) is a village situated in the north-west of Bahrain, close to the Gulf of Bahrain. It is located south of Bani Jamra and to the west of the village of Saar. It is under the Northern Governorate administrative region of the country. The village is mainly popular for its camel farms that host around 100 camels.
History.
Janabiyah is home to hundreds of ancient burial mounds dating back to 2200 BC, during the Dilmun era of Bahraini history. The site is regarded by archaeologists as being "one of the most important heritage sites in the country". People buried in Janabiya were believed to have resided in the nearby villages of Saar and Budaiya since northern Bahrain was agriculturally rich. The Dilmunite practice was to bury the dead in central Bahrain in locations like Hamad Town, because of the dryness of the area however it was not always the case. The mounds were constructed from sand and limestone, obtained from nearby surroundings. Excavations at Janabiyah during 2005 yielded around forty-five artifacts, including Dilmun trade seals, pottery, shells, ostrich eggs, daggers, beads, baskets and 2 complete human skeletons.
Artifacts dating to the Dilmun era over 4,000 years ago were uncovered at a burial mound in Janabiyah in 2005. Trade seals with Indus Valley inscriptions were discovered, strengthening archaeologists' beliefs about the existence of regular trade between the Dilmun and Indus Valley civilisations respectively. The seals were found in a large burial mound that was believed to have been built for wealthy or religious people.
Facilities.
Aside from the camel farm, the village is also host to multiple resorts and fitness centres. The Birla Institute of Technology International Centre is based alongside the Janabiyah highway. Sanabil private school is situated in the village as well as the children's academy for the disabled.
Janabiyah hosts a two-story substation which is currently undergoing renovations that will install a 4000kV project. This will accommodate two transformers of 1,500kV each on the ground floor and main isolation and contact devices and four main low-voltage distribution boards.

</doc>
<doc id="36832549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832549" title="Crawfordina">
Crawfordina

Crawfordina is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails. 
Species.
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with valid names are within the genus "Crawfordina" : 

</doc>
<doc id="36832609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832609" title="Massyla">
Massyla

Massyla is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails. 
Species.
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with valid names are within the genus "Massyla" : 

</doc>
<doc id="36832616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832616" title="2004 Ordina Open">
2004 Ordina Open

The 2004 Ordina Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts in 's-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands that was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour. The tournament was held from June 14 through June 20, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36832617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832617" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's time trial">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's time trial

The Men's time trial track cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on August 30–September 1 at London Velopark.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Track cycling classes are:
B.
The men's 1 km time trial (C1-3) took place on August 30.
WR = World Record; DNF = Did Not Finish.
C1-3.
The men's 1 km time trial (C1-3) took place on August 30.
C4-5.
The men's 1 km time trial (C4-5) took place on August 31.

</doc>
<doc id="36832620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832620" title="Batara Guru">
Batara Guru

Batara Guru (also called Bathara Guru and Debata Batara Guru) is the name of a supreme god in several Indonesian mythologies. His name appears to be derived from Sanskrit "Bhattara", which means "noble lord" and "Guru", epithet of Bṛhaspati, a Hindu god who is a regent and identified with the planet Jupiter.
Batara Guru in Batak mythology.
Batara Guru is one of the Debata na Tolu (trinity gods), that rule Banua Ginjang (upper world, the realm of the gods). He and his brothers - Debata Sori Pada and Debata Mangala Bulan - were born from three eggs hatched by a divine giant hen, Manuk Patia Raja, an avatar of Debata Asi Asi. He married a goddess named Siboru Porti Bulan and has two sons (Mula Songta and Mula Songti) and two daughters (Siboru Sorba Jati and Siboru Deak Parujar). Later, Siboru Deak Parujar married Siraja Odap Odap and bore children who became the ancestors of the human beings that inhabit Banua Tonga (middle world, i.e. the Earth).
The omnipotent god Mula Jadi na Bolon gave Batara Guru wisdom, juridical law, royal law, knowledge and the ability to control destiny and the fate of mortals. His realm stretched from Bukit Siunggas to Bukit Parsambilan, and included the seven floored heaven where the sacred tree Hari Ara grows. Batara Guru is depicted wearing a black robe and, on his head, a three colored big boat shaped turban called "Talungkup". He rides a black horse while in his hand he bears a scale called "Gantang Tarajuan". He has a black crow and Nanggar Jati bird. He also has the ability to give human beings life, and to open their ears so that they can distinguish good from bad words (source: Mythology of Batak (Indonesian pages)).
According to the source above, the children of Batara Guru are listed as follows (beyond Dalihan na Tolu law):
Batara Guru in Buginese mythology.
According to Sureq Galigo, Batara Guru was a god, the son of Sang Patotoqe and Datu Palingeq, who was sent to earth to cultivate it as human being. His divine name was La Togeq Langiq. He had at least ten children from his five concubines, but only one son from his beloved consort, We Nyiliq Timoq. He is the father of Batara Lattuq and grand father of Sawerigading, the main characters in the Buginese mythology story, Sureq Galigo. He is also the father of Sangiang Serri, the goddess of rice and fertility in Buginese mythology.
The children of Batara Guru (according to Sureq Galigo) are:
In Javanese mythology.
According to Javanese mythology, Batara Guru is a dewa that rules kahyangan, the realm of the gods. He is an avatar of Shiva that gives revelations, gifts and abilities. Batara Guru has a shakti (consort) named Dewi Uma and begat some children. In wayang kulit, Batara Guru is the only character whose feet face forward, with four hands, pointed canine teeth, a blue neck and paralyzed legs. He always rides his vahana, Nandini the cow, and is also known by several names including Sang Hyang Manikmaya, Sang Hyang Caturbuja, Sang Hyang Otipati, Sang Hyang Jagadnata, Nilakanta, Trinetra, Girinata.
Batara Guru has two brothers, Sang Hyang Maha Punggung and Sang Hyang Ismaya. Their parents are Sang Hyang Tunggal and Dewi Rekatawati. One day, Dewi Rekatawati laid a shining egg. Sang Hyang Tunggal transformed the egg using his abilities. Its shell turned into Sang Hyang Maha Punggung, the firstborn. The egg white turned into Sang Hyang Ismaya (Semar), and its yolk turned into Sang Hyang Manikmaya. Later, Sang Hyang Tunggal appointed two elders to look after humans, especially Pandava, while Batara Guru (also known as Sang Hyang Manikmaya) led the gods in kahyangan.
The children of Batara Guru are listed as follows, from the firstborn downwards (according to Javanese wayang tradition):

</doc>
<doc id="36832625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832625" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's time trial">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's time trial

The women's time trial track cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 30 August – 1 September at London Velopark.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Track cycling classes are:
B.
The women's 1 km time trial (B) took place on 31 August.
PR = Paralympic Record
C1–3.
The women's 500 m time trial (C1–3) took place on 1 September.
WR = World Record
C4–5.
The women's 500 m time trial (C4–5) took place on 1 September.

</doc>
<doc id="36832647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832647" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual pursuit">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual pursuit

The Men's individual pursuit events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on August 30–September 1 at London Velopark.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Pursuit cycling classes are:
B.
The men's 4 km individual pursuit (B) took place on August 30.
C1.
The men's 3 km individual pursuit (C1) took place on August 31.
C2.
The men's 3 km individual pursuit (C2) took place on August 31.
C3.
The men's 3 km individual pursuit (C3) took place on August 31.
C4.
The men's 4 km individual pursuit (C4) took place on September 1.
C5.
The men's 4 km individual pursuit (C5) took place on September 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36832650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832650" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual pursuit

The women's individual pursuit events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 30 August – 2 September at London Velopark.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Pursuit cycling classes are:
B.
The women's 3 km individual pursuit (B) took place on 2 September.
C1–3.
The women's 3 km individual pursuit (C1–3) took place on 30 August.
C4.
The women's 3 km individual pursuit (C4) took place on 30 August.
C5.
The women's 3 km individual pursuit (C5) took place on 30 August.

</doc>
<doc id="36832662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832662" title="Crumbled House">
Crumbled House

Crumbled House is a ruined great house of the Ancient Pueblo Peoples, just east of the Chuska Mountains in New Mexico.
Based on ceramic dating, the buildings were built and occupied between 1100 and 1250 AD.
Crumbled House is a Chaco Protection Site, or special management area.
Location.
Crumbled House is in the northwest of New Mexico, about south of the Mesa Verde and west of Chaco Canyon, at an average elevation of about above sea level. 
The site is about southwest of the Chuska Mountains, from which the builders obtained construction timber.
It lies on the Chuska Slope, sometimes called the Chuska Valley, which forms the eastern footslope of the Chuska range.
Structure.
The site has two room blocks. The triangular upper block, sometimes called the "Castle of the Chuskas", is on a mesa tip about above the floor of the surrounding valley. One side is about long and the other two about long. There are massive circular towers at each corner, high stone walls along the edge of the mesa, and a deep moat and strong wall defending against access from the plateau. 
There may have been about eighty ground floor rooms in this block, twenty-five rooms on the second story and fourteen subterranean kivas.
The masonry walls are made of sandstone cobbles collected from the talus slope.
The second room block is about to the south of the castle on a steep talus slope, stepping down about in five or six terraces. It is no more than by in size, containing about 150 rectangular rooms and sixteen round kivas. The lower house is built from dark sandstone rocks collected from the talus slope to the west.
Based on ceramic and architectural criteria, the great house was occupied between 1150 and 1250, and the compound between 1250 and 1300.
Artifacts.
The people of this community appear to have been closer in culture to the people of the Mesa Verde than to those of Chaco Canyon.
The Crumbled House Black-on-white pottery of the Chuska tradition is similar to Mesa Verde Black-on-white, which was made between 1180 and 1300 AD,
although not identical.
Crumbled House Black on white has been found at 35% of sites where Mesa Verde Corrugated has been found, and at 20% of sites where Mancos Black-on-white was found.
Almost 20% of the chipped stone found at Crumbled House is Narbona Pass chert, from a quarry of the top of the Chuska mountains.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36832666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832666" title="Uri Peso">
Uri Peso

Uri Peso (; born 8 January 1987 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="36832667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832667" title="Rimbaud (album)">
Rimbaud (album)

Rimbaud is an album by John Zorn. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in August 2012. It was dedicated to French poet Arthur Rimbaud.
Reception.
Allmusic said "The album is a non-negotiable must-have for the composer's fans and offers a suggestion of his terrific versatility for anyone interested in sampling his work". Martin Schray called it "a collection of four stylistically very diverse pieces".

</doc>
<doc id="36832675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832675" title="United Democratic Forum Party">
United Democratic Forum Party

The United Democratic Forum Party (UDFP) is a Kenyan political party founded in 2012, by a cross section of younger members of Kenya's 10th parliament under the premise of steering reforms to Kenya's governance and boosting economic growth. Deputy Prime Minister Musalia Mudavadi has expressed interest in becoming the party's presidential candidate in the 2013 Kenyan general election.

</doc>
<doc id="36832676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832676" title="Couchwood Historic District">
Couchwood Historic District

The Couchwood Historic District near Hot Springs, Arkansas has historical significance dating back to 1927. It is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Couchwood Historic District includes work(s) by architect John Parks Almand and works by, or association with, Harvey Couch and others. The NRHP listing included eight contributing buildings, three contributing structures, and four contributing objects.
It may include Couchwood, the private estate of Harvey C. Couch.

</doc>
<doc id="36832728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832728" title="Egon Mayer (sociologist)">
Egon Mayer (sociologist)

Egon Mayer (December 1944 – January 30, 2004) was an American sociologist and professor at Brooklyn College. He wrote a number of books on Jewish culture and history, including "From Suburb to Shtetl" (1979), "The Court Jew: A Contribution to the History of Absolutism in Europe" (1984), and "Love and Tradition: Marriage Between Jews and Christians" (1985).
Mayer was born in Switzerland to Eugene and Hedy Mayer, Hungarian-Jewish parents who were passengers on the Kastner train during the Holocaust. Mayer's mother was pregnant with him at the time. The train left Budapest in June 1944 after Rudolf Kastner, a Hungarian lawyer, negotiated with Adolph Eichmann to allow 1,684 Jews safe passage to Switzerland. The passengers arrived in Switzerland in two stages – one in August 1944, the second in December – the month in which Mayer was born – after a stop at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. Mayer created and maintained a website in Kastner's memory. Mayer's family returned to Budapest when the war ended, then emigrated to the United States in 1956. Mayer studied at Brooklyn College (City University of New York) and the New School for Social Research, obtaining his Ph.D in sociology in 1975 from Rutgers University.
Death.
Mayer died on January 30, 2004, aged 59, from undisclosed causes, in Laurel Hollow, New York. He was survived by his mother, his wife and their three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36832733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832733" title="Eloise Jelinek">
Eloise Jelinek

Eloise Jelinek (February 2, 1924, Dallas - December 21, 2007, Tucson) was an American linguist specializing in the study of syntax. She became particularly known for her Pronominal Argument Hypothesis of syntax based on data from the Navajo language, which holds that in some languages the pronominal affixes on the verb should be considered the syntactic arguments of the verbs, rather than the free pronouns, which should only be considered adjuncts. Through her work on many endangered languages she demonstrated that less-studied languages often challenged the theories of generative linguistics, and she worked to develop ways of integrating this data into the generative paradigm. Among the languages that she worked on are the Straits Salish languages Samish and Lummi, as well as Navajo, Choctaw, and Yaqui. Her 1981 doctoral dissertation at the University of Arizona was titled "On Defining Categories: AUX and PREDICATE in Colloquial Egyptian Arabic".

</doc>
<doc id="36832773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832773" title="Eoin McCormack">
Eoin McCormack

Eoin McCormack (born 1982) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team. 
McCormack made his first appearance for the team during the 2005 National League and became a regular substitute on the team over the following two seasons. During that time he won one Leinster winners' medal on the field of play, as well as two All-Ireland winners' medals as a non-playing substitute.
At club level McCormack is an All-Ireland medalist. In addition to this he has also won two Leinster winners' medals and three county club championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36832782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832782" title="Killed in Action (album)">
Killed in Action (album)

Killed in Action is the debut album of German heavy metal band Darxon. It was the bands' only album released on Wishbone Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36832813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832813" title="Attorney General of the District of Columbia">
Attorney General of the District of Columbia

The Attorney General of the District of Columbia is the chief legal officer of the District of Columbia. Currently appointed by the Mayor, D.C. voters approved a charter amendment in 2010 that will make the D.C. attorney general an elected position starting in 2014.
In July 2012, the DC council voted to postpone the election of attorney general to 2018. Council Chairman Phil Mendelson called the vote "an embarrassment." 
In September 2013, Paul Zukerberg filed suit against the DC Council and the city elections claiming any delay would violate the District charter — which was amended through the 2010 ballot question to provide for the election of the city’s top lawyer. Attorney General Irv Nathan initially argued that Zukerberg was not suffering any “meaningful hardship” from pushing back the election. In November 2013, Zukerberg announced his candidacy for Attorney General.
On February 7, 2014, a District of Columbia judge ruled that ballots for the April 1 primary could be printed without the Attorney General race. Zukerberg appealed the ruling.

</doc>
<doc id="36832815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832815" title="John Winslow (1597–1674)">
John Winslow (1597–1674)

John Winslow (1597–1674) He was one of several Winslow brothers who came to the Plymouth Colony in its earliest years. His brothers Edward and Gilbert were passengers on the "Mayflower" in 1620. John Winslow was a passenger on the "Fortune" in 1621, and two other brothers, Kenelm and Josiah, also settled in New England, arriving before 1632. The Winslow family were involved in all aspects of the Plymouth Colony, producing in the 17th century several governors and making their mark in New England history in both government and business.
English Origins.
John Winslow was born April 16, 1597 in Droitwich, Worcestershire, England. 
He grew up in Droitwich, Worcestershire, residing there with his parents, Edward Winslow and Magdalene Oliver/Ollyver, one step-brother, four brothers and two sisters. His father was a salt extractor.
Life in New England.
John Winslow was a brother of Pilgrim leader Edward Winslow and came to Plymouth in 1621 on the ship "Fortune". He was unmarried upon his arrival.
Winslow is next mentioned in the 1623 Division of Land, John Winslow, as a single person, had one aker (acre) assigned to him. In 1626 his name appears on the 53-name list of Purchasers, who were prominent colony men involved in Plymouth investments. Winslow is mentioned next in the 1627 Division of Cattle (also used as a quasi-census), his name appears on the list of Lot 3 with the Standish family and other Winslows, including his brother Edward and wife Susanna (White) and her sons by Pilgrim William White - Resolved and Peregrine. All were Mayflower passengers. Winslow's wife Mary and their son John appear on the list for Lot 6 with other families. He was declared a freeman in 1633 and became active in the government of the colony. On July 1, 1633, and again on January 3, 1636/37, the General Court ordered that the passage between Green's Harbor and the sea be enlarged, and the governor, and Assistants, and John Winslow and other prominent men were assigned to apportion costs to "every man" and to supervise the work there, with ten men working at a time. On July 25, 1633, the court noted that John Beavan had covenanted to serve John Winslow as an apprentice for six years and at the end of the term Winslow was to give to him twelve bushels of Indian corn and twenty-five acres of land. On July 23, 1634, Mr. Timothy Hatherly turned over the remaining term of his servant Ephraim Tinkham to John Winslow, and Winslow was obligated to perform the conditions expressed in the indenture. On March 3, 1634/35, John Winslow was on a committee to assess colonists for the costs of the watch and other charges.
As early as January 5, 1635/6, John Winslow, his brother Kenelm Winslow, John Doane and other prominent men were chosen to assist the governor and council to set rates on goods to be sold and wages paid laborers. The court not only regulated prices, but sometimes quality. He is next mentioned on November 2, 1636, where he turned over the (indentured) services of Edmond Weston for two years to Nathaniel Thomas, on behalf of the latter's father, Mr. William Thomas. Monies and goods were to be exchanged in the process. Winslow was on the committee in 1637 to assess taxes for the cost of sending men to the Pequot War. Winslow continued to be very active in the colonial government and in 1638 and his brother Kenelm were witnesses against Stephen Hopkins for selling wine at excessive rates.
Many of the more prosperous men had indentured servants. John Winslow was one of them. Records show that on July 28, 1640, he sold for £12 the services of Joseph Grosse for five years to John Howland.
On yet another important committee, on October 17, 1642, Winslow was noted as one of several men appointed to grant lands for the town of Plymouth and in the 1643 list of "Men Able to Bear Arms", he appears with the men of Plymouth. He also served for two years as Deputy from Plymouth to the general court. and in 1653 Winslow became a member of "a counsell of war" (Council of War).
Winslow was well thought of and a man to be trusted as evidenced in a record which shows that on March 20, 1654/55, Stephen Tracy, who had returned to England and was residing at Great Yarmouth in Norfolk, gave power of attorney to John Winslow of Plymouth to dispose of his estate in New England for the benefit of his son John Tracy, daughters, Ruth Tracy and Mary Tracy, and the rest of his five children. John Tracy married Mary Prence, daughter of Governor Thomas Prence.
On October 10, 1657, Mr. John Winslow of Plymouth sold all his house and land in Plymouth to Edward Gray, believed to be his son-in-law married to his daughter Mary, and moved to Boston, where he became a wealthy merchant and ship owner, as well as retaining lands in Plymouth.
Winslow held the distinction of being on the 1662 list of "first born" men of Plymouth to share in a land distribution. and he was one of the witnees to the sale of land by Myles Standish in 1661.
On September 19, 1671, it is recorded that John bought for the sum of £500 in New England silver money "the Mansion or dwelling-house of the Late Antipas Voice with the gardens wood-yard and Backside as it is scituate lying and being in Boston aforesaid as it is nowe fenced in And is fronting & Facing to the Lane going to mr John Jolliffes." The Winslows lived in this house until his death in 1674 and that of Mary Chilton in 1679. The house (which would have been on Spring Lane) no longer exists.
Family.
John Winslow married Mary Chilton between 1623 and May 22, 1627, in Plymouth and had ten children. She had been baptized in St. Peter's Parish, Sandwich, Kent, England on May 31, 1607, and she died between July 31, 1676 and May 1, 1679 in Boston. In 1620 Mary and her parents had come to Plymouth as passengers on the "Mayflower". Her parents died the first winter, with her father, James Chilton, named on several memorials in Provincetown in honor of those who were the earliest to die on board the "Mayflower" in November and December 1620. Tradition has it that Mary Chilton was the first "Mayflower" passenger to step ashore on Plymouth Rock.
Will of John Winslow.
The will of John Winslow, Senior of Boston, merchant, was dated March 12, 1673/74, and proved May 31, 1674. In the will he named his wife Mary, sons John, Isaac, Benjamin, Edward and Joseph; William Payne, the son of his daughter Sarah Middlecott; Parnell Winslow, daughter of his son Isaac; granddaughter Susanna Latham; son Edward's children; son Joseph Winslow's two children; granddaughter Mercy Harris's two children; kinsman Josiah Winslow "now governor of New Plimouth"; brother Josiah Winslow; kinswoman Eleanor Baker, the daughter of his brother Kenelm Winslow; "my seven children"; Mr. Paddy's widow; and his Negro girl Jane. He left personal property valued at £3,000, a good part of it in money, and this was a substantial sum for the time. 
Death and Burial of John Winslow.
He died between March 12, 1673/4 and May 21, 1674 in Boston, Massachusetts Bay Colony. At the time of his death he was one of the wealthiest merchants in Boston. Both he and his wife were buried in King’s Chapel Burying Ground in Boston. They both left wills that survive today.
His widow Mary survived him, but died before May 1678, and she dated her will, equally as detailed as her husband's, July 31, 1676, proved July 11, 1679.

</doc>
<doc id="36832842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832842" title="Football at the 1975 Mediterranean Games">
Football at the 1975 Mediterranean Games

The football competition at the 1975 Mediterranean Games took place between 24 August and 6 September 1975 and was contested by 9 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="36832846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832846" title="Will Bayley">
Will Bayley

William 'Will' Bayley (born on 17 January 1988) is a British table tennis player. He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and was the 2011 European champion for his classification.
Personal life.
Bayley was born on 17 January 1988 in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England. He was born with arthrogryposis which affects all four of his limbs.
At the age of seven he was diagnosed with cancer, during his recovery he began playing table tennis after his grandmother bought him his first table.
Table tennis.
At the age of 12 he joined the Byng Hall Table Tennis Club in Tunbridge Wells and went on to represent Kent's able bodied men's team. From the age of 17 he has lived and trained at the English Institute of Sport in Sheffield.
He represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, where he was knocked out of the table tennis C7 singles in the preliminary round after defeats against Germany's Jochen Wollmert and Ukraine's Mykhaylo Popov and a single victory against Shumel Shur of Israel. He also competed in the C6-8 team event along with Paul Karabardak and David Wetherill; they were eliminated at the quarterfinal stage. In 2009 he won gold medals at the Czech and German opens, in 2010 he took golds in Lignano and Brazil.
Bayley won a gold medal in the singles at the 2011 European Championships in Split, Croatia. He also won a silver medal in the men's Team event class 7, playing alongside Karabardak. At the end of 2011 he was voted the European Players' Player of the Year and in January 2012 he achieved the world number one ranking.
Bayley has been named as one of thirteen players in the table tennis squad for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The table tennis events are scheduled to be held at ExCeL London from Thursday 30 August to Saturday 8 September.
He won a silver medal in the London 2012 paralympics after losing to Germany's Jochen Wollmert in the class 7 final.

</doc>
<doc id="36832876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832876" title="Agatha georgiana">
Agatha georgiana

Agatha georgiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of the two species within the Agatha genus, with the exception of the other related species being Agatha virgo.

</doc>
<doc id="36832878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832878" title="Agatha virgo">
Agatha virgo

Agatha virgo is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of the two species within the Agatha genus, with the exception of the other related species being Agatha georgiana.

</doc>
<doc id="36832879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832879" title="Besla insularis">
Besla insularis

Besla insularis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods. 
Distribution.
This marine species has only ever been known to inhabit marine terrain throughout the coasts of New Zealand and other surrounding minor islands.

</doc>
<doc id="36832880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832880" title="Besla rossiana">
Besla rossiana

Besla rossiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods. The species is one of three species with a binomial name accepted by Laws C. R. in 1941, with the exception of the others being Besla vaga and Besla waitangiensis. 
Distribution.
This marine species is known to be distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of New Zealand, within the New Zealand Exclusive Economic Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="36832883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832883" title="Shayfeencom">
Shayfeencom

Shayfeencom (Egyptian Arabic: "We are watching you") is an initiative that started with three Egyptian women (a prominent TV newscaster, a university professor, and a marketing consultant) to help bring political reform and democracy to Egypt.
Shayfeencom is a popular movement, working on monitoring the legality and integrity of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Egypt through the participation of the public. The movement aims to end corruption in the governmental and non-governmental institutions through public monitoring, and aims to educate the public to increase awareness of the principles of democracy.
Shayfeencom was officially established in 2005 by a group of non-politically oriented individuals, and started its first monitoring and observation experience in Egypt's first multi-candidate presidential elections. Within the first month of launching the initiative, 5,000 people volunteered and joined online, and over 1,000 volunteers actively participated in monitoring elections. Today, the movement includes over 10 founding members, and thousands of regular members.
Shayfeencom is a nonprofit organization, without political or economic ideologies; all financing to the movement is done through Egyptian individuals.
Goals.
Shayfeencom has three primary goals: to end corruption in all public and private institutions through public monitoring, to enable the citizens as key fighters against corruption, and to attain electoral and judicial reform.
The main focuses are on:
Methods.
Shayfeencom uses its large membership database, all types of social media, and a hotline to receive reports of corruption in the country; it then files a case against the specified party. If the party does not respond, Shayfeencom uses the media to expose what has occurred; they might also carry out sit-ins and other demonstrations.
In 2007, documentary film director Jehane Noujaim (with Sherief El Katsha) broadcast the film "Shayfeen.com", which was a part of the "Why Democracy?" project.
Members.
Originally, the movement was founded by three women. It was ended by the Mubarak regime, but after the ousting of Mubarak in 2011, Shayfeencom was re-established by new members.
Shayfeencom's membership is in the tens of thousands, but due to fear of political persecution, they have been discreet when pursuing official figures and have created a privacy policy which does not allow them to share other members' names.
History.
Pre-Arab Spring.
Shayfeencom began in 2005, after President Hosni Mubarak announced that for the first time in 24 years, elections would allow for multiparty participation; this sparked demonstrations by Egyptians who denounced this move as a sham. When the government responded with a violent crackdown, Bothaina Kamel, Ghada Shahbandar, and Engi El-Haddad formed Shayfeencom.
For the 2005 elections, Shayfeencom armed supporters with video cameras and sent them to polling stations around the country to monitor the elections and document the political process. Supporters witnessed electoral fraud and voter intimidation. When Muslim Brotherhood candidates made a good showing in the first round of voting, security forces barred voters from entering the polls for the second round. By the third round, voters' frustrations incited violent clashes between protesters and police.
Although discouraged by a voter turnout of only 30%, the Shayfeencom leaders were heartened by the willingness of two judges to investigate election fraud carried out by eighteen of their colleagues. The judges found evidence of fraud, and Shayfeencom began rallying support for an independent judiciary. In spite of the prohibition against assemblies of more than five people, crowds gathered outside the Egyptian Judges' Club to show their support. Many in the crowd were arrested and beaten, including Judge Mahmoud Hamza. The three founders of Shayfeencom produced a short film, aired on BBC, about the plight of the judiciary. They encouraged the public to use all the technology at their disposal—radio, plasma screens, and the Internet—to support the May 25, 2006 "Judges' March for an Independent Judiciary".
The march and demonstration resulted in the arrests of thousands of civilians, who remained in prison for months. Though faced by a lack of money and failure to achieve earlier objectives, Shayfeencom continued its work. Co-founder Engi El-Haddad spoke to a group of world leaders (including former president George W. Bush) at the UN, describing the lack of political freedom in Egypt. In spring of 2007, Shayfeencom mounted a campaign against the government's proposed 34 constitutional amendments that would write parts of the Emergency Law into the Constitution.
Post-Arab Spring.
Following the 2011 Egyptian revolution, Shayfeencom was re-established, with dramatically changed methods. They began preparing for the first Egyptian presidential elections months before it was announced, collecting thousands of volunteers from across Egypt and training them through YouTube videos and online seminars.
Members of the public watched for electoral irregularities and called a hotline to report them. Reports also came in through Twitter and Facebook. Alleged violations would immediately appear on Shayfeencom's website; a few minutes later, official monitors would either confirm or deny the reports. Two days into the first phase of Egypt's presidential elections, Shayfeencom received reports of over 1,000 violations throughout the country.
Shayfeencom remains as a watchdog, anti-corruption movement.
Port Said.
Shayfeencom opened its first board of trustees in Port Said following the Port Said Stadium riot in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36832884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832884" title="Besla subrugata">
Besla subrugata

Besla subrugata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods. 
Distribution.
This marine species is distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of New Zealand, within the New Zealand Exclusive Economic Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="36832887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832887" title="Besla vaga">
Besla vaga

Besla vaga is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods. The species is one of three species within the Besla genus to have a binomial name accepted by Laws, C. R. in 1941, with the exception of the other two being Besla rossiana and Besla waitangiensis. 
Distribution.
This marine species is known to be distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of New Zealand, within the New Zealand Exclusive Economic Zone (NZEEZ).

</doc>
<doc id="36832890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832890" title="Besla waitangiensis">
Besla waitangiensis

Besla waitangiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve known species within the Besla genus of gastropods. The species is one of three species within the Besla genus to have a binomial name accepted by Laws, C. R. in 1941, with the exception of the other two being Besla rossiana and Besla vaga. 
Distribution.
This marine species is known to be distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of New Zealand, within the New Zealand Exclusive Economic Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="36832892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832892" title="Ciudad Bendita">
Ciudad Bendita

Ciudad Bendita is a Venezuelan telenovela produced and broadcast by Venevisión and distributed internationally by Venevisión International. The telenovela is an original story written by Leonardo Padrón.
Marisa Román and Roque Valero star as the main protagonists. Since January 9, 2012, the telenovela has aired in Venezuela through cable channel Venevision Plus to repeated 4pm at 11:30 pm.
Plot.
Ciudad Bendita is a history of love set in the heat of a popular market, a love story between two peddlers, two losers, two people of the heap, as anonymous as any. She, Blessed Sanchez has a detail that obscures its beauty: is lame. He, John Wolf, in turn, is a antigalán of birth, a man whose only virtue seems to be the music. But the only obstacle between love and Blessed John is herself.
Blessed happens that Sanchez loves another: Yunior Market, a metrosexual extreme gallantry seducing any woman you want. And although John Lobo hundred a hundred songs and juggling to conquer, she just accepts it as the best friend I have ever met. This is, therefore, the love story of a stubborn and disadvantaged. A love-faced goal down.
Ciudad Bendita is the great tribute to unrequited love, because Jean Paul Blessed Lathulerie made their city, although both say no.
It is also the story of a country, a people, an entire community living on peddling, a handful of survivors who dream learn the key happiness in the muddy streets of a Latin American city.

</doc>
<doc id="36832893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832893" title="Chrysallida casta">
Chrysallida casta

Chrysallida casta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods. 

</doc>
<doc id="36832896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832896" title="Kaskazini (disambiguation)">
Kaskazini (disambiguation)

Kaskazini is Swahili for "North". It is used in:

</doc>
<doc id="36832899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832899" title="Chrysallida maoria">
Chrysallida maoria

Chrysallida maoria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the "Chrysallida" genus of gastropods. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36832900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832900" title="Ogdo Aksyonova">
Ogdo Aksyonova

Ogdo (Yevdokiya) Yegorovna Aksyonova (, February 8, 1936 in Boganida, Taymyr Autonomous Okrug, USSR - February 14, 1995 in Dudinka, Russia) was a Dolgan poet, the founder of Dolgan written literature.
Biography.
Aksyonova was born in the family of a reindeer herder began writing poems in high school. For her story, "Paul Chuprin", in 1956 she was given the "Soviet Taimyr" award. She became a cultural worker, and in 1967 was awarded a "Badge of Honor." She published works in "Valery Kravets" ( "The Polar Truth") and in the popular magazine "Worker."
Later she printed poems and tales in the Dolgan language. Yakut printers promised to find the right fonts, which would take into account the specifics of Dolgan language. The book was published in 1973. It was called "Baraksan." In the second book, Aksenova wanted to build the whole song on the material. She called it "Songs Dolgan." 
In 1977 she entered into a higher literature course in Moscow. A little earlier she had met with the Moscow writer Leonid Yakhnin who undertook to translate her poems and stories for children. Valentin Berestov with extraordinary energy to penetrate materials that come from the duo in the metropolitan publishing "The Kid." The result was published children's book, "Cloudberry".
For higher literature courses Aksyonova seriously addressed the issues Dolgan writing. In his first letter to the translator Valery Kravtsov it in March 1978, it was reported that he wanted the experience of other nations. "Now come to grips with our alphabet - wrote Aksenov. - I'll take five letters of the Yakuts and the Kazakhs want to take two letters. " The first draft of his prepared script Aksenova by the end of 1978. Her version is largely supported by Novosibirsk philologists.
In 1979, was approved by Dolgan alphabet. A year later, the authorities allowed to organize a school Dudinka experiential learning first-graders a manuscript ABC Aksyonova. In 1983 Krasnoyarsk printers published on Rotaprint fourth option aksenovskogo textbook on which were engaged for six schools in the Taimyr region. However, the head of the Office of Education did not immediately support the aspiration Aksyonova and claimed Dolganov enough to know only Russian. Only in 1990, the publishing house "Enlightenment" has released the seventh version of ABC Aksyonova Dolgan. And it is the seventh version finally received official recognition of the authorities.
All eighties Aksyonova also engaged the dictionary Dolgan language to four thousand words for the elementary school and reconciliation of materials Tomsk scientists for academic vocabulary, which included twenty thousand words. Ogdo Aksenova also worked as a senior editor at the national department of county radio. The end of life Aksyonova decided to go back to the old ritual poetry Dolgan.
Ogdo Aksyonova died on the night of January 14, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36832901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832901" title="Chrysallida navisa">
Chrysallida navisa

Chrysallida navisa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the "Chrysallida" genus of gastropods. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36832904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832904" title="Egilina mariella">
Egilina mariella

Egilina mariella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832906" title="Eulimella coena">
Eulimella coena

Eulimella coena is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832907" title="Paola Dionisotti">
Paola Dionisotti

Paola Dionisotti (born 1946 in Torino, Italy) is an actress active on the stage and British television since 1975. A character actress best known on television for recurring roles as Lady Patricia Broughall in "Forever Green" and Aunt Nicholls in "Harbour Lights", she also has had prominent roles in "Miss Marple" and "Midsomer Murders". On the stage, she is noted for her Shakespearean roles. She starred in Michael Bogdanov's 1978 Royal Shakespeare Company production of "The Taming of the Shrew" at the Aldwych. In 2014, she played the tavern landlady Mistress Quickly in the acclaimed RSC production of Henry IV Part One.

</doc>
<doc id="36832909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832909" title="Eulimella inexpectata">
Eulimella inexpectata

Eulimella inexpectata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832911" title="Eulimella levilirata">
Eulimella levilirata

Eulimella levilirata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832914" title="Eulimella limbata">
Eulimella limbata

Eulimella limbata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832916" title="Euparthenia bulinea">
Euparthenia bulinea

Euparthenia bulinea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36832922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832922" title="Euparthenia humboldti">
Euparthenia humboldti

Euparthenia humboldti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36832924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832924" title="Eurathea humerica">
Eurathea humerica

Eurathea humerica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832928" title="Evalea liricincta">
Evalea liricincta

Evalea liricincta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832931" title="Evalea plana">
Evalea plana

Evalea plana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832933" title="Evalea propria">
Evalea propria

Evalea propria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832934" title="Evalea sabulosa">
Evalea sabulosa

Evalea sabulosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832935" title="Gumina dolichostoma">
Gumina dolichostoma

Gumina dolichostoma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832937" title="Gumina minor">
Gumina minor

Gumina minor is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832938" title="Herewardia kesteveni">
Herewardia kesteveni

Herewardia kesteveni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832939" title="Herviera isidella">
Herviera isidella

Herviera isidella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832941" title="Hinemoa punicea">
Hinemoa punicea

Hinemoa punicea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832945" title="Miralda austropacifica">
Miralda austropacifica

Miralda austropacifica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832949" title="Mormula philippiana">
Mormula philippiana

Mormula philippiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832950" title="Obexomia denselirata">
Obexomia denselirata

Obexomia denselirata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832951" title="Odostomia acutangula">
Odostomia acutangula

Odostomia acutangula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832955" title="Odostomia aucklandica">
Odostomia aucklandica

Odostomia aucklandica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832957" title="Odostomia chordata">
Odostomia chordata

Odostomia chordata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832960" title="Odostomia clara">
Odostomia clara

Odostomia clara is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832962" title="Odostomia corpulentoides">
Odostomia corpulentoides

Odostomia corpulentoides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832965" title="Odostomia cryptodon">
Odostomia cryptodon

Odostomia cryptodon is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832969" title="Odostomia geoffreyi">
Odostomia geoffreyi

Odostomia geoffreyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832972" title="Odostomia haurakiensis">
Odostomia haurakiensis

Odostomia haurakiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832975" title="Odostomia hyphala">
Odostomia hyphala

Odostomia hyphala is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832978" title="Odostomia incidata">
Odostomia incidata

Odostomia incidata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832980" title="Peter Cleere">
Peter Cleere

Peter Cleere (born 1982) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team. 
Cleere made his first appearance for the team during the 2004 Walsh Cup and became a regular substitute on the team over the following three seasons. During that time he won two All-Ireland winners' medals and two Leinster winners' medals as a non-playing substitute.
At club level Cleere plays with the Blacks and Whites club.

</doc>
<doc id="36832982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832982" title="Odostomia manukauensis">
Odostomia manukauensis

Odostomia manukauensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832983" title="Odostomia metata">
Odostomia metata

Odostomia metata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832984" title="Odostomia murdochi">
Odostomia murdochi

Odostomia murdochi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832985" title="Val-Saint-Lambert Abbey">
Val-Saint-Lambert Abbey

Val-Saint-Lambert Abbey (French: "Abbaye du Val-Saint-Lambert") was a Cistercian abbey in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. It is situated in Seraing on the right bank of the Meuse, within the Walloon municipality of Belgium, about southwest of Liege. Founded in 1202, the abbey's monks were expelled during the French Revolution. In the 19th century, the building ruins were converted into the Val Saint Lambert crystal factory. The structure is considered to be an important example of Cistercian architecture.
History.
Up to the year 1192, the site was almost deserted. The foundation of the abbey is attributed to Hugues de Pierrepont, Bishop of Liège, who in 1187 decided to establish Val-Saint-Lambert. Construction began in 1202 after he gave a tract of land and woods situated in what was then called the Champ des Maures to a group of monks. The abbey was the daughter monastery of Notre-Dame de Signy Abbey in Ardennes, France, which was a subsidiary of the Igny Abbey. Val-Saint-Lambert Abbey was inhabited by a religious community for centuries; it prospered and became powerful. The abbey's chateau served as the summer palace of the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. The abbot Simon de Harlez, Val-Saint-Lambert's sponsor, canon of St. Lambert's Cathedral, Liège, and adviser to the Prince-Bishop, began an expansion project in 1750, funded by his coal earnings. It was completed before 1796 when the monks were expelled as a result of the French Revolution at which time the buildings were demolished and the holdings were sold as public goods. In 1825, the abbey ruins were purchased by the chemist François Kemlin and the engineer Auguste Lelièvre, who converted the building into a glass works. Since 1826, it has been used by the crystal manufacturer, Val-Saint-Lambert. In 1846, Val Saint-Lambert merged with the Societe Anonyme des Manufactures de Glaces.
The factory today provides demonstrations of glass-blowing and crystal engraving and items are put on sale in the showroom. A restoration project, known as the Cristal Park project, commenced in 2004, is to restore the Val Saint Lambert chateau and the abbey
and to establish a retail village with 4 residential developments, a Business Park with 12 office buildings, and a new crystal glassworks, a 120 room hotel, indoor ski-slope, water park, restaurants and cafés.
Architecture and fittings.
Several original buildings from the ancient abbey remain, such as the 13th century Chapter House; the 17th century House of Outsiders chateau, built in Mosan Renaissance style, which houses the crystal museum; and the 18th century abbey entrance, which serves as Seraing's Tourist Information Office. The abbey was classified as a historical monument in 1973. The structure is considered to be an important example of Cistercian architecture as well as Gothic architectural development in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="36832989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832989" title="Odostomia parvacutangula">
Odostomia parvacutangula

Odostomia parvacutangula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832992" title="Cornélio Procópio Airport">
Cornélio Procópio Airport

Francisco Lacerda Junior Airport is the airport serving Cornélio Procópio, Brazil.
It is operated by the Municipality of Cornélio Procópio under the supervision of Aeroportos do Paraná (SEIL).
History.
The airport is presently dedicated to general aviation.
Airlines and destinations.
Currently no scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Cornélio Procópio.

</doc>
<doc id="36832993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832993" title="Odostomia pedica">
Odostomia pedica

Odostomia pedica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36832997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36832997" title="Odostomia pudica">
Odostomia pudica

Odostomia pudica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833000" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's road time trial">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's road time trial

The Men's road time trial cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 5 at Brands Hatch.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Cycling classes are:

</doc>
<doc id="36833002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833002" title="2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open – Doubles">
2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open – Doubles

Pierre-Ludovic Duclos and Riccardo Ghedin were the defending champions but decided not to participate.<br>
Divij Sharan and Vishnu Vardhan defeated Lee Hsin-han and Peng Hsien-yin 6–3, 6–4 in the final to win the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36833003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833003" title="Odostomia takapunaensis">
Odostomia takapunaensis

Odostomia takapunaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833007" title="Odostomia taumakiensis">
Odostomia taumakiensis

Odostomia taumakiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833010" title="Odostomia vaga">
Odostomia vaga

Odostomia vaga is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833012" title="Odostomia vestalis">
Odostomia vestalis

Odostomia vestalis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833017" title="Oscilla ficara">
Oscilla ficara

Oscilla ficara is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833021" title="Parthenina alesii">
Parthenina alesii

Parthenina alesii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833022" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's road time trial">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's road time trial

The women's road time trial cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 5 September at Brands Hatch.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Cycling classes are:

</doc>
<doc id="36833024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833024" title="Parthenina clathrata">
Parthenina clathrata

Parthenina clathrata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36833028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833028" title="Parthenina dantarti">
Parthenina dantarti

Parthenina dantarti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833030" title="Parthenina decussata">
Parthenina decussata

Parthenina decussata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36833032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833032" title="Parthenina dollfusi">
Parthenina dollfusi

Parthenina dollfusi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36833033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833033" title="Joe Evans (musician)">
Joe Evans (musician)

Joe Evans (October 7, 1916 – January 17, 2014) was a jazz alto saxophonist. 
Born in Pensacola, Florida, he was active between 1939 and 1965, playing in the big bands of Jay McShann (coinciding with Charlie Parker), Jimmy Forrest and Gene Ramey; Don Redman and Louis Armstrong. In 1944 he recorded with Mary Lou Williams, as a member of a band including Coleman Hawkins, Bill Coleman and Denzil Best. At the beginning of 1945, he recorded for J. Mayo Williams's independent label, Chicago, leading a combo comprising Jesse Drakes, Duke Jordan, Gene Ramey, J. C. Heard and Etta Jones. Later that same year and in 1946, he recorded with Andy Kirk's orchestra as part of a lineup that included Fats Navarro, Reuben Phillips, Jimmy Forrest, Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Hank Jones, Floyd Smith, Al Hall and Ben Thigpen. Other musicians he performed and recorded with include Cab Calloway, Billie Holiday, Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Lionel Hampton, and Ivory Joe Hunter. In 2008, University of Illinois Press published his autobiography, "Follow Your Heart", co-authored by Christopher Brooks, a professor of anthropology at Virginia Commonwealth University. He died in Richmond, Virginia of renal disease on January 17, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36833035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833035" title="Project X (album)">
Project X (album)

Project X is the EP released by the New York City-based band Project X. It was the only album released by the band.

</doc>
<doc id="36833036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833036" title="Parthenina indistincta">
Parthenina indistincta

Parthenina indistincta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36833037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833037" title="Salt on Our Skin">
Salt on Our Skin

Plot.
On the death of her lover, George McEwan, a half French/half Scottish woman, recounts in flashback her passionate relationship with Gavin McCall, a humble fisherman. Their romance goes back in time more than thirty years.
In the 1950s, George, then a vivacious young woman living in France, comes to Scotland to spend her long summer vacation with her younger sister, Frédérique. While helping the locals take in the straw, she meets an attractive and simple man Gavin, whose sister, Mary, becomes one of her friends. Smitten with each other, George and Gavin begin a torrid affair going for a moonlit swim. As the summer ends, George and her sister return to attend school in Paris where they live with their parents. Mary asks the two sisters to be her bridesmaids. Back in Scotland for Mary’s wedding, George and Gavin continue their romance escaping the wedding celebration on a cave at the seashore.
Months later, back in France, George is surprised by Gavin’s visit. She shows him Paris while they continue their love affair. He asks her to marry him but she refuses. George wants to study at the Sorbonne and pursue her intellectual goals. She does not see herself as the wife of a fisherman in a Scottish Village. Realizing that for her the cultural and life style differences between them are too great to overcome, she refuses his marriage proposal. Their lives take separate ways and they stop seeing each other. George becomes an intellectual and feminist activist. She marries and has a son.
Ten years later, George, now divorced, moves to Quebec pursuing an academic career teaching and writing a book on women's studies. Her second marriage to Sidney, an intellectual, proves to be dry and ends in divorce.
George's friend, Ellen, a fellow feminist writer, invites her to accompany her for a summer trip to England. On a street in London, she comes across Gavin once again. He still resents her refusal to marry him a decade ago. She would like to rekindle their romance. Gavin, hurt and still in love with her, initially refuses. Soon, however, he has a changed of heart and accepts to go with her for romantic vacation in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. From then on, they begin to meet each other with some frequency through the years, loving each other despite their differences. Scotland, Montreal, and the St. Bernard de Clairvaux Church in Florida, served as the background for their encounters.
George and Gavin’s romance ends abruptly with his death. At the funeral, Josie, Gavin’s widow, gives George a letter Gavin left to her. It reads: Before you came in to my life, I believed that each day resemble the other. And they will continue this way until I died. Since you, and don’t ask me to explain, I only know that I want you in my arms from time to time if you wanted too. A thought that you exist somewhere and that you think of me sometime helps me to live...
Reception.
The film was shot in Montreal, Scotland, Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, Paris and at St. Bernard de Clairvaux Church in North Miami Beach. It premiered in Germany on 17 September 1992. In the United States it was released under the title "Desire". The film was a commercial disappointment. It was also ill received by film critics who single out the credibility and motivations of the main characters. 
DVD release.
"Salt on Our Skin" is available in Region 2 DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="36833038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833038" title="Planpyrgiscus lawsi">
Planpyrgiscus lawsi

Planpyrgiscus lawsi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Notes.
Additional information regarding this species:

</doc>
<doc id="36833041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833041" title="Puposyrnola fastigiata">
Puposyrnola fastigiata

Puposyrnola fastigiata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833042" title="Puposyrnola missile">
Puposyrnola missile

Puposyrnola missile is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833043" title="Pyramidellidae incertae sedis gracilis">
Pyramidellidae incertae sedis gracilis

Pyramidellidae incertae sedis gracilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833045" title="Pyramidellidae incertae sedis insularis">
Pyramidellidae incertae sedis insularis

Pyramidellidae incertae sedis insularis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833047" title="Pyrgiscilla otakauica">
Pyrgiscilla otakauica

Pyrgiscilla otakauica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833050" title="Pyrgiscilla taiaroa">
Pyrgiscilla taiaroa

Pyrgiscilla taiaroa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833054" title="Quirella mirationis">
Quirella mirationis

Quirella mirationis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833057" title="Rissopsetia altispira">
Rissopsetia altispira

Rissopsetia altispira is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833060" title="Otocinclus batmani">
Otocinclus batmani

Otocinclus batmani is a species of armored catfish (Loricariidae) native to South America. It can grow up to 37mm.

</doc>
<doc id="36833061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833061" title="Rissopsetia hummelincki">
Rissopsetia hummelincki

Rissopsetia hummelincki is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36833062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833062" title="Rissopsetia islandica">
Rissopsetia islandica

Rissopsetia islandica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="36833065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833065" title="Rissopsetia maccoyi">
Rissopsetia maccoyi

Rissopsetia maccoyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833066" title="Rissopsetia maoria">
Rissopsetia maoria

Rissopsetia maoria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833068" title="Siogamaia fortiplicata">
Siogamaia fortiplicata

Siogamaia fortiplicata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833069" title="Siogamaia morioria">
Siogamaia morioria

Siogamaia morioria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833070" title="Striarcana cryptolira">
Striarcana cryptolira

Striarcana cryptolira is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833071" title="Striarcana tauranga">
Striarcana tauranga

Striarcana tauranga is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833074" title="Striodostomia orewa">
Striodostomia orewa

Striodostomia orewa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833075" title="Stephen Short">
Stephen Short

Stephen Short may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36833080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833080" title="Syrnola crawfordi">
Syrnola crawfordi

Syrnola crawfordi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833081" title="Ed Byrne (musician)">
Ed Byrne (musician)

Ed Byrne is a trombonist, composer, bandleader, author, educator and is currently the leader of Ed Byrne's Latin Jazz Evolution.
Career.
Ed worked for 15+ years on the New York City scene as a soloist with many of the world’s greatest performing artists. Ed also performed, composed, and arranged numerous recordings and toured the Americas, France, Germany and Sweden. Ed was nominated "Best Trombone Soloist" by Latin New York magazine; his "Fenway Funk" was nominated for a Grammy Award; Eddie Palmieri’s Latin jazz album, "Unfinished Masterpiece" (lead trombone) won the Grammy. A DMA in Jazz Studies from NEC, Dr. Byrne has been on the faculties of Berklee College and elsewhere, and has published 17 texts, Linear Jazz Improvisation Method, sold world-wide.www.byrnejazz.com
On August 20, 2012, Ed Byrne's Latin Jazz Evolution released its first CD, entitled "Conquistador", on Blue Truffle Records.
Awards.
Ed is a Doctor of Musical Arts in Jazz Studies from the New England Conservatory. Nominated “Best Trombone Soloist” by Latin New York magazine, Ed's composition "Fenway Funk" was nominated for a Grammy Award. Eddie Palmieri’s album, "Unfinished Masterpiece", on which Ed played lead trombone, won a Grammy Award. LJE co-leader Carlos Carlitos Clinton, from Brooklyn, NY, began his musical journey as a kid playing trombone in the public schools, after being exposed to the music of such Latin greats as Ray Barreto, the Lebron Brothers, and Willie Colon; his passion soon turned to bongos and conga drums. Carlos eventually moved to Puerto Rico to perform with Maldades, his brother Art’s band, along with Eddie Santiago and Willie Gonzalez, and he later played with Qiuque, Patato Valdez, Eladio Perez, Lester Ojeda, and many other Latin giants.

</doc>
<doc id="36833084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833084" title="Syrnola lurida">
Syrnola lurida

Syrnola lurida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833085" title="Syrnola menda">
Syrnola menda

Syrnola menda is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833088" title="Terelimella aupouria">
Terelimella aupouria

Terelimella aupouria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833091" title="Terelimella benthicola">
Terelimella benthicola

Terelimella benthicola is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833093" title="Trabecula jeffreysiana">
Trabecula jeffreysiana

Trabecula jeffreysiana is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833094" title="Tropaeas natalensis">
Tropaeas natalensis

Tropaeas natalensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833095" title="Turbonilla acer">
Turbonilla acer

Turbonilla acer is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833098" title="Turbonilla barrierensis">
Turbonilla barrierensis

Turbonilla barrierensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833099" title="Tracery (horse)">
Tracery (horse)

Tracery (1909–1924) was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, best known for winning the St. Leger Stakes in 1912. In a career which lasted from June 1912 until October 1913 he ran nine times and won six races. After finishing third on his debut in the 1912 Epsom Derby Tracery never lost another completed race at level weights. He won the St. James's Palace Stakes, Sussex Stakes and St. Leger Stakes in 1912 and the Eclipse Stakes and Champion Stakes as a four-year-old in 1913. He was brought down by a protester in the 1913 Ascot Gold Cup. After his retirement from racing he became a highly successful breeding stallion in Britain and Argentina.
Background.
Tracery was a brown horse bred in the United States by his owner August Belmont, Jr.. He was sired by the British Triple Crown winner Rock Sand, who had been sent to America in 1906 and proved successful as a breeding stallion. Tracery's dam Topiary was not a great success as a racehorse but was a daughter of the French mare Plaisanterie, whose wins included the "Autumn double" (Cesarewitch Handicap, Cambridgeshire Handicap) in 1885.
Horse racing in New York State was suspended following the Hart–Agnew Law in 1908, leading many owners to relocate their horses. Belmont sent his colt to race in England, where he was trained by John Watson, the private trainer of the Rothschild family, at his Palace House stable in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career.
1912: three-year-old season.
Tracery was entered in races as a two-year-old, but did not run as he had problems in training caused by "thorough-pins".
Tracery made his racecourse debut in the Epsom Derby on 5 June 1912. Tracery started a 66/1 outsider and finished strongly to take third place, six lengths behind the winner Tagalie. His performance disappointed the crowd as he deprived the King's colt Pintadeau of third by a short head. Later that summer, Tracery showed improvement to win the St. James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot in which he defeated the 2000 Guineas winner Sweeper. In the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood in July he again defeated Sweeper and became a leading fancy for the St Leger, with Lomond being regarded as his principal rival.
On 11 September at Doncaster Racecourse, Lomond started 6/4 favourite for the St Leger, with Tracery and Tagalie equal second in the betting at odds of 8/1. The American jockey Danny Maher had been expected to partner the horse but when he was obliged by his contract to take the mount on the outsider Charmian, the French-based George Bellhouse took over the ride. Bellhouse sent Tracery into the lead from the start and was never seriously challenged. In the straight he drew away from his rivals and won easily by five lengths from Maiden Erlegh. Tagalie and Lomomd finished sixth and seventh. The win was the first by an American-bred horse in the St Leger and was well received by the Doncaster crowd.
1913: four-year-old season.
As a four-year-old Tracery was aimed at the two and a half mile Ascot Gold Cup. He prepared for the race by running the Burwell Plate at Newmarket Racecourse over one and a half miles in which he was matched against Lord Derby's five-year-old Stedfast. After disputing the lead with the outsider Coora, Tracery took the lead in the closing stages and won comfortably from Jackdaw and Stedfast. The Gold Cup, which took place sixteen days after the "Suffragette Derby", featured a meeting between Tracery and the previous year's winner Prince Palatine. Tracery was leading the field with six furlongs to race when a spectator, identified as a Trinity College student named James Hewitt, ran onto the racecourse waving a suffragette flag and a revolver. After shouting a warning he attempted to grab the reins of the leader and was knocked to the ground. Tracery fell heavily, but was not seriously injured. His jockey, Albert "Snowy" Whalley, who also escaped unhurt, claimed that he would have won the race.
In July Tracery won the £10,000 Eclipse Stakes at Sandown Park, beating the 2000 Guineas winner Louvois by four lengths. According to press reports, he "outclassed" his opponents on this occasion.
At Newmarket on 2 October started favourite for the £10,000 Jockey Club Stakes over one and three quarter miles but after taking the lead half a mile from the finish he was overtaken and beaten three lengths by Cantilever to whom he was conceding 34 pounds. Shortly before the race Belmont had reportedly turned down an offer of £35,000 for the colt. Only one horse, the French-bred six-year-old Long Set, opposed Tracery in the one and a quarter mile Champion Stakes later that month. Although his rival, the winner of the Cambridgeshire Handicap, Royal Hunt Cup and Doncaster Cup was well-supported in the betting, Tracery was never headed and won easily by six lengths.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Tracery a "superior" winner of the St Leger and the best British-trained racehorse of his generation.
By the end of 1913, several commentators regarded Tracery as the best racehorse in the world, and he was described in the press as "one of the greatest gallopers of modern times."
Stud record.
Tracery began his stud career at the Rothschild's stud at Leighton Buzzard, standing at a fee of £400. He established himself as a successful breeding stallion, siring the 2000 Guineas winner The Panther in his second crop followed by other good winners including Papyrus (Epsom Derby) and Transvaal (Grand Prix de Paris). In 1920 he was sold for £53,000 and exported to stand as a stallion in Argentina where he sired the seven-time Argentinian champion sire Congreve. In 1923 a syndicate of European breeders including the Aga Khan, and Marcel Boussac bought the horse and returned him to England. In 1924 Tracery contacted colic and died at the Cobham Stud.

</doc>
<doc id="36833102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833102" title="Turbonilla bucknilli">
Turbonilla bucknilli

Turbonilla bucknilli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833103" title="Turbonilla cookiana">
Turbonilla cookiana

Turbonilla cookiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833104" title="Turbonilla dunedinensis">
Turbonilla dunedinensis

Turbonilla dunedinensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833106" title="2012 Città di Como Challenger – Doubles">
2012 Città di Como Challenger – Doubles

Federico Delbonis and Renzo Olivo were the defending champions but Delbonis decided not to participate.<br>
Olivo played alongside Dane Propoggia.<br>
Philipp Marx and Florin Mergea won the title, defeating Colin Ebelthite and Jaroslav Pospíšil 6–4, 4–6, [10–4] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36833109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833109" title="Turbonilla eques">
Turbonilla eques

Turbonilla eques is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833111" title="Turbonilla errabunda">
Turbonilla errabunda

Turbonilla errabunda is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833115" title="Turbonilla forsteriana">
Turbonilla forsteriana

Turbonilla forsteriana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833118" title="Turbonilla informis">
Turbonilla informis

Turbonilla informis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833121" title="Turbonilla jactura">
Turbonilla jactura

Turbonilla jactura is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833125" title="Jack Clemons">
Jack Clemons

Jack Clemons is an aerospace engineer and air and space industry professional. He was a lead engineer on NASA's Apollo and Space Shuttle Programs, and later an aerospace company executive. He appeared as himself in the "Command Module" episode of the 2008 Discovery Science Channel six-part documentary Moon Machines.
Career.
Jack received his Bachelor's and Master's Degrees in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Florida. During the Apollo Moon Program he was a lead engineer at TRW Systems Group in Houston, Texas, supporting operations at NASA's Manned Spacecraft Center (now the Johnson Space Center). He developed procedures allowing astronauts to monitor the Apollo Command Module Onboard Guidance and Navigation Computer during atmospheric reentry, and to control the reentry manually should they need to override the computer. He provided real-time reentry support during missions Apollo 9 through Apollo 14, including NASA Mission Control Center backroom support during the extended 6-minute reentry blackout period on Apollo 13.
Following Apollo, at IBM Federal Systems in Houston, he was the overall program manager for the development of the onboard software for NASA's Space Shuttle. As a member of the IBM team, Jack worked early on with Shuttle astronauts to design the onboard computer displays, and later provided problem analysis and flight support during the first six Space Shuttle missions.
In the 1990s and 2000's, Clemons was Senior Vice President of Engineering at Lockheed Martin Air Traffic Control Company in Rockville, Maryland. and the United Kingdom's London Area Air Traffic Control Centre, as well as systems in Scotland, Eastern Europe, South America, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36833126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833126" title="Turbonilla kingi">
Turbonilla kingi

Turbonilla kingi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833128" title="Turbonilla lawsi">
Turbonilla lawsi

Turbonilla lawsi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833130" title="Turbonilla lillingtoniana">
Turbonilla lillingtoniana

Turbonilla lillingtoniana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833133" title="Turbonilla mitis">
Turbonilla mitis

Turbonilla mitis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833134" title="Turbonilla moorei">
Turbonilla moorei

Turbonilla moorei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833137" title="Turbonilla oceanica">
Turbonilla oceanica

Turbonilla oceanica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs off the Kermadec Islands. 

</doc>
<doc id="36833138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833138" title="1937 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles">
1937 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles

Dorothy Round defeated Jadwiga Jedrzejowska 6–2, 2–6, 7–5 to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1937 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36833141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833141" title="Turbonilla owenga">
Turbonilla owenga

Turbonilla owenga is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.

</doc>
<doc id="36833144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833144" title="Henry III of Brunswick-Lüneburg">
Henry III of Brunswick-Lüneburg

Henry III of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( – 6 February 1363 in Hildesheim) was the ruling Prince-Bishop of Hildesheim from 1331 until his death.
Family.
Henry was a member of the House of Welf and was therefore entitled to use the title Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. His father was Duke Albert II of Brunswick-Göttingen. His mother was Rixa; she was the daughter of Lord Henry I of Werle. His brothers were Duke Otto of Brunswick-Göttingen, Bishop Albert II of Halberstadt, Duke Magnus of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and Duke Ernest I of Brunswick-Göttingen.
Struggle for power.
In 1331, the majority of the cathedral chapter in Hildesheim elected Henry as their new bishop. However, his confirmation ran into considerable difficulties. His election had been confirmed by Baldwin of Luxemburg, who was administrator of Mainz at the time. However, the Pope had in the meantime appointed Henry III of Virneburg as the new Archbishop of Mainz, so that the confirmation by Baldwin lacked validity. Moreover, the previous bishop, Otto II had before his death handed over the reins of his bishopric to the Pope, so that the election by the cathedral chapter was of dubious validity. To add to the confusion, Pope John XII had appointed Count Eric of Schaumburg and Holstein as the new bishop of Hildesheim.
Henry III did not accept this, and the Pope responded by excommunicating him. As he was supported by the cathedral chapter, the Dukes of Brunswick and the local nobility, he controlled the larger part of the bishopric, and Eric only controlled the city of Hildesheim and the monasteries.
Neither side controlled Dammstadt, a new settlement for Flemish immigrants, just outside the city of Hildesheim. In economic terms, Dammstadt was a prime competitor of Hildesheim, and the citizens of Dammstadt supported Henry. Eric attacked Dammstadt on Christmas Eve 1331 and destroyed the city. After this, he was forced to sign a cease fire agreement. Eric did not keep the promises he'd made in this agreement, an fighting broke out again. Henry won several battles and in 1346, Eric was forced to sign a new peace treaty, in which he ceded Hildesheim and Dammstadt to Henry.
Supporters, followers and allies.
The protracted disput over the Bishopric of Hildesheim, and other conflicts intertwined with this dispute, provided Henry with an impetus to consolidate and expand the political relationships his predecessors had created with the nobility in the region. Throughout his pontificate, Henry was supported by a group of noble rulers, who at different times appear as his allies or his staff. Noblemen who were employed by Henry included Counts Conrad III and Conrad IV of Wernigerode, Counts John IV, Buchard VIII and Gerhard of Wohldenberg and Count Ludolf of Wohldenstein. Hnery also had friendly relationships with the Counts of Blankenburg-Regenstein. Among the lower nobility, the Lords of Schwicheldt and the Lords of Gadenstedt served Henry in various offices and provided some special services. He enfeoffed them as a reward, and they played an important rôle in the complex web of his relations.
Further activity.
After Eric of Schauenburg died in 1352, Henry's excommunication was lifted. Pope Clement VI later confirmed all official act Henry had done during his excommunication. However, he reserved the fight to select Henry's successor to himself or a future Pope. In 1355, Henry received the regalia of his bishopric and was officially enfeoffed by the Emperor. In any case, the Emperor hadly had the power to intervene in the affairs of the bishopric. For example, when Emperor Charles IV tried to stop Henry from going to war against Nordhausen, Henry simply ignored him.
Domestically, he redeemed the pledges on a number of castles. In 1333, he had had to temporarily pledge the mint right to the city of Hildesheim. He also constructed or acquired new castles to the borders of his bishopric. Among these were Marienburg Castle (Hildesheim), Wiedelah, Schladen and Wohlenstein Castle. He also acquired the County of Schladen. He managed to keep his territory intact, despite the presence of the land-hungry Dukes of Brunswick. He further embellished Hildesheim Cathedral. He donated a benefice to fund the celebration of Corpus Christi.
Henry III died in 1363 and was buried in Hildesheim Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36833173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833173" title="Muhammad Iqbal (disambiguation)">
Muhammad Iqbal (disambiguation)

Muhammad Iqbal (1877–1938) was a philosopher, poet and politician in British India.
Muhammad Iqbal may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36833189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833189" title="Reginald Hobhouse">
Reginald Hobhouse

The Ven. Reginald Hobhouse, MA (18 March 1818 – 27 January 1895), was an Anglican priest: the Archdeacon of Bodmin from 1878 to 1892.
He was born on 18 March 1818 as the third son of Henry Hobhouse, under-secretary of state for the home department (Home Office) and educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1841 and began his career as a curate at Bridport. After this he was Rector of Riseholme, Lincolnshire. In 1844 he became the incumbent at St Ive where he was to remain until his death on 27 January 1895. His older brother Edmund was the inaugural Bishop of Nelson, New Zealand and his younger brother Arthur was a judge. His daughter Emily was an early welfare campaigner and his son Leonard was a liberal political theorist and sociologist.

</doc>
<doc id="36833191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833191" title="Harrison Brown">
Harrison Brown

Harrison Brown (September 26, 1917 – December 8, 1986) was an American physicist and geochemist. In 1941 he received a doctorate in nuclear chemistry from the Johns Hopkins University.
In 1942 Glenn T. Seaborg invited Brown to work with him at the University of Chicago in the Metallurgical Laboratories, working on ways to separate plutonium from uranium. With Orville Hill, Brown devised a successful method of achieving this by using the gaseous evaporation of fluorides. He moved with some of his colleagues to the Oak Ridge, Tennessee to work with the X-10 Graphite Reactor at Clinton Engineer Works. Brown joined the Manhattan Project as a team supervisor and went on to become the first to successfully isolate gram quantities of plutonium. The techniques discovered by the team proved to be the groundwork for those used at the Hanford Site which provided the plutonium for the bomb dropped on Nagasaki on August 9, 1945. Just four months later he completed "Must Destruction Be Our Destiny?", a book detailing the dangers of nuclear weapons.
Brown returned to the University of Chicago to work as an assistant professor of Chemistry in the Institute for Nuclear Studies in 1946. He was joined by some of his former colleagues from the Manhattan Project and together they became the first team to study nuclear geochemistry. Brown went on to study meteorites and planetary structures along with ways to date the Earth, encouraging Clair Cameron Patterson to investigate the isotopic composition of an iron meteorite. Patterson's studies eventually led to the first close approximation of the age of the Earth and the solar system. In 1948 Brown was awarded the American Association for the Advancement of Science prize for his work on meteorites.
Between 1951 and 1977 he was professor of geochemistry at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). While there he attracted several former colleagues and highly regarded scientists to the team. Together they made advancements in telescopic instrumentation, jet propulsion (contributing to NASA's early planetary exploration missions), and infrared astronomy.
Brown joined the National Academy of Sciences in 1955 and was appointed as their foreign secretary in January 1962, a role that he would hold until 1974. He demonstrated an interest in the scientific interactions between the United States and Eastern Europe.
In 1983 Brown retired and moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico with his third wife, Theresa Tellez. Brown was battling lung cancer, the treatment for which had resulted in progressive paralysis through the irradiation of his spine. He died in the University of New Mexico Hospital on December 8, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36833203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833203" title="Moye Complex">
Moye Complex

The Tony and Nancy Moye Football and Lacrosse Complex (also known as Moye Complex or Mercer University Stadium) is a 10,200 seat football and lacrosse stadium on the campus of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, United States. Construction began on November 12, 2011 and was completed in 2013; the FieldTurf surface was completed in 2012, the football team conducted its first practice in the stadium on August 27, 2012. The university initially announced the complex would have 6,000 seats; the number was increased to 10,200 in 2012. The first football game at Moye Complex was on August 31, 2013; Mercer defeated (40-37) Reinhardt University in front of an overflow crowd of 12,172 spectators.
The complex has the following components: the Homer and Ruth Drake Field House, the William H. Anderson II Family Field, the Marshall and Jane Butler Family Plaza, and the Tony and Nancy Moye Family Football and Lacrosse Complex. Messrs. Drake, Anderson, Butler, and Moye are university trustees and were major donors towards the stadium.
The complex is located adjacent to Mercer's other athletic facilities including Hawkins Arena (basketball and athletic department offices), Claude Smith Field (baseball), and Sikes Field (softball). There is a 101-room Hilton Garden Inn on university-owned land adjacent to the complex. Parking lots are available for visitors-spectators arriving via the Mercer University Drive exit off of Interstate 75. 
Mercer is the only private university in Georgia with an NCAA Division I athletic program and fields teams in eight men's and nine women's sports. The university competes in the Atlantic Sun Conference for all sports except football, which was a member of the Pioneer Football League in 2013. Mercer will join the Southern Conference as a full member on July 1, 2014; all university-sponsored sports will compete in the Southern Conference except women's lacrosse and women's sand volleyball, which are not sponsored by the conference.

</doc>
<doc id="36833213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833213" title="2012 Women's World Team Squash Championships">
2012 Women's World Team Squash Championships

The 2012 Women's World Team Squash Championships is the women's edition of the 2012 World Team Squash Championships, which serves as the world team championship for squash players. The event were held in Nîmes, France and took place from November 12 to November 17, 2012. The tournament was organized by the World Squash Federation and the French Squash Federation. The Egypt team won his second World Team Championships beating the English team in the final.
Participating teams.
A total of 26 teams competed from all the five confederations: Africa, America, Asia, Europe and Oceania. For Argentina, Czech Republic, Namibia and South Korea, it was their first participation at a world team championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36833232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833232" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's road race">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's road race

The women's road race cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 6–8 September at Brands Hatch.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Cycling classes are:

</doc>
<doc id="36833245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833245" title="Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's road race">
Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's road race

The men's road race cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on 6–8 September at Brands Hatch.
Classification.
Cyclists are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows cyclists to compete against others with a similar level of function. The class number indicates the severity of impairment with "1" being most impaired.
Cycling classes are:

</doc>
<doc id="36833281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833281" title="Srimushnam V. Raja Rao">
Srimushnam V. Raja Rao

Srimushnam V. Raja Rao (born 1955) is an Indian mridangam player. 
He received his initial training in Mridangam from his father S. Venkataramana Rao. He was later a student of Shri Kumbakonam M. Rajappa Iyer. He has also received training in Carnatic vocal music from eminent teachers including Sarvashri Papanasam Sivan, Calcutta Krishnamurthy, and Mayuram Vaidyanatha Iyer. Besides Mridangam, he also plays the Kanjira and Morsing. He has worked as a visiting professor of Mridangam at the University of California, Berkeley, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36833299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833299" title="Crickley Hill and Barrow Wake">
Crickley Hill and Barrow Wake

Crickley Hill and Barrow Wake ( & ) is a biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.
The site (two parts) lies within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It was formerly known as Crickley Hill and includes some of a site known as Tuffleys Quarry. Part of the site is owned and managed by Gloucestershire County Council and the National Trust as a Country Park. The Cotswold Way National Trail passes through Crickley Hill and Barrow Wake.
Barrow Wake and Tuffley's Quarry are listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as Key Wildlife Sites. Crickley Hill is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as an SSSI and Regionally Important Geological Site.
Location.
The site lies south of Cheltenham on the Cotswold scarp and it supports a range of habitats
characteristic of the Cotswold limestone. It includes "species rich" grassland, semi-natural woodland, scrub and particularly nationally important rock exposures.
Biological interest.
The site supports several types of grassland and the turf contains many lime-loving herbs. There are several species of orchid recorded such as Early purple orchid, Bee Orchid, and Musk Orchid. Viper's Bugloss flowers in abundance. This diversity supports a varied invertebrate fauna (butterflies, moths and local snails).
The site includes the Scrubbs and Crickley Woods which are areas of mature Beech woodland with regenerating Beech and Ash. Short Wood is an area of Oak parkland.
The scarp slopes provide basking areas for Adders.
Geological interest.
The rock exposures constitute a key Jurassic locality and show a major section in the Lower Inferior Oolite. There are extensive exposures of Lower and Middle Jurassic rocks and these exhibit the best sections in the Cotswolds in the Pea Grit and the overlying Coral Bed.
Crickley Hill is part of the Cotswold escarpment which runs from Dorset to the Yorkshire Coast. The stone has been quarried for hundreds of years and was probably used for dry stone walling.
Archaeology.
There is evidence of settlements over 5000 years back. As the soil is thin on the Hill the evidence lies close to the surface under the grassland. The site has been excavated each summer period from 1969 to 1993 and is considered to be of international importance as a result of the findings. These point to occupation by humans over 4000 years (Neolithic period) to a post-Roman period.
The archaeologists have stayed regularly at Ullenwood Camp close to Crickley Hill for the excavation period.
Crickley Hill Country Park.
The Crickley Hill Country Park was established in 1979 with assistance from the then Countryside Commission. Access to the countryside at this Park provides limestone grassland; beech woodlands, oak parkland; an archaeological site and panoramic views.
There is a range of self-guided trails with supporting leaflets. These include Hill Fort Trail; Scrubbs Trail; Scarp Trail; Family Trail and Park Trail. There are also circular walks of different lengths (5 and 8.5 miles).
Crickley Hill is wardened by Gloucestershire Country Council Sites Warden Service and volunteers from the Cotswold Warden Service.

</doc>
<doc id="36833321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833321" title="Gayle and Tom Benson Stadium">
Gayle and Tom Benson Stadium

Gayle and Tom Benson Stadium is a stadium in San Antonio, Texas. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the University of the Incarnate Word Cardinals football team. It seats 6,200 people. It is named after Tom Benson and his wife Gayle.

</doc>
<doc id="36833354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833354" title="Judson Laire">
Judson Laire

Judson Laire (August 3, 1902 – July 5, 1979) was an American actor known for starring as Lars Hansen in the early CBS television series, "Mama" from 1949 to 1957, as well as several daytime soap operas including Love is a Many Splendored Thing and "The Edge Of Night". He died in Rhinebeck, New York, in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36833359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833359" title="Bike Boy">
Bike Boy

Bike Boy is a 1967 American avant garde film directed by Andy Warhol.

</doc>
<doc id="36833381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36833381" title="Association of Victims of Stalinism">
Association of Victims of Stalinism

The Association of Victims of Stalinism (, VOS) is a German human rights organisation, formed by victims of Stalinism on 9 February 1950 in West Berlin. During the Cold War, the western-based association was a constant target of the infamous Stasi of East Germany. The organisation moved its headquarters to Bonn after the construction of the Berlin Wall, but moved back to Berlin in 1998. After 1989, it grew quickly as many former residents of East Germany joined the organisation. The organisation publishes the magazine "Freiheitsglocke" (i.e. Liberty Bell).
Its deputy head is Hugo Diederich.

</doc>
