<doc id="36537781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537781" title="WJVO">
WJVO

WJVO 105.5 FM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format, licensed to South Jacksonville, Illinois, the station serves the Jacksonville, Illinois area. WJVO is owned by Morgan County Broadcasting CO., Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36537839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537839" title="JNR dismissal lawsuit">
JNR dismissal lawsuit

The JNR dismissal lawsuit is a lawsuit that resulted from the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) in 1987, and its breakup into the seven Japan Railways Group companies. In March 1990, 1,047 mostly union workers were laid off, 966 of whom were from the National Railway Workers' Union (Kokuro), and two decades of lawsuits followed. The dispute was eventually settled in June 2010 for 20 billion yen, or about 22 million yen per worker for 904 plaintiffs.
Background.
Plans for privatization.
JNR, organized as a public corporation in 1949, had become unprofitable over subsequent decades. In the 1980s the Liberal Democratic Party government of prime minister Yasuhiro Nakasone decided to privatize the organization. Around this time other government bodies were also either wholly or partially privatized, such as Japan Tobacco and NTT in 1985.
Unionization of JNR workers.
The 326,000 workforce of JNR was highly unionized, with workers represented by a number of unions. By far the largest union was the National Railway Workers' Union (Kokuro), with 200,000 members. National Railway Motive Power Union (Doro), which had split off from Kokuro in 1951, had 38,000 members. Zendoro, which had been expelled from Doro in 1974, had 3,000 members. Doro-Chiba, which broke off from Doro in 1979, had 1,100 members.
November 28 1985 strike.
Doro-Chiba staged a 24 hour strike on November 28, 1985, to protest against the plans to privatize JNR and lay off workers. The government strongly condemned the strike, as government workers in Japan are forbidden to strike. In addition there were a number of acts of sabotage and vandalism that stranded 10 million commuters in Tokyo and 200,000 in Osaka. The 24-hour strike caused 135 trains between Tokyo and Chiba prefecture to be cancelled, and JNR's management decided to fire more than 100 workers for staging the illegal walkout. 
Middle Core Faction November 28 1985 sabotage.
In addition to the Doro-Chiba strike, a substantial amount of sabotage was done by the then-1,300 member strong radical leftist group Middle Core Faction, who claimed responsibility and said their actions were to support Doro-Chiba's strike. Communications lines were cut, fires were set at 27 locations in seven prefectures, and heavy damage was done to Asakusabashi Station in Tokyo around 7 a.m. by masked figures wearing helmets and throwing firebombs. No injuries were reported. Police raided offices of the Middle Core Faction and Doro-Chiba, and damage to bullet trail lines near Hiroshima that delayed trains between Tokyo and Kyushu appeared to have been caused by a time bomb and by noon 48 people were arrested, including leaders of the Middle Core Faction. Representatives of the larger Kokuro and Zendoro unions representing JNR workers condemned the "anti-social" attacks and apologized to commuters. According to sources inside the labor movement, Doro-Chiba was controlled by the Middle Core Faction.
Doro-Chiba Union Chairman Hiroshi Nakano later issued a statement saying that: "The attacks have nothing to do with the union." Of the 48 suspects arrested, 46 were from the Middle Core Faction and two were from the National Railway Workers' Union. Two of the suspects were later released.
Layoffs.
JNR unions were opposed to the privatization, and when it occurred, around 7,600 workers were not rehired by the privatized companies. Many of these were members of the National Railway Workers' Union (Kokuro), now affiliated to the National Trade Union Council (Zenrokyo), and the National Railway Locomotive Engineers' Union (Zendoro), now affiliated to the National Confederation of Trade Unions (Zenroren) as part of the All Japan Construction, Transport and General Workers' Union ("Kenkoro-Tetsudo Honbu"). There was substantial pressure on union members to leave their unions, and within a year, Kokuro's membership fell from 200,000 to 44,000. Workers who had supported the privatization, or those who left Kokuro, were hired at substantially higher rates than Kokuro members.
There was a government pledge that no one would be "Thrown out onto the street", so unhired workers were classified as "needing to be employed" and were transferred to the JNR Settlement Corporation, where they could be assigned for up to three years.
Around 7,600 workers were transferred in this way, and around 2,000 of them were hired by JR firms, and 3,000 found work elsewhere. Mitomu Yamaguchi, a former JNR employee from Tosu in Saga prefecture who had been transferred to the JNR Settlement Corporation, later stated that their help in finding work consisted of giving him photocopies of recruitment ads from newspapers. 
This period ended in April 1990, and 1,047 were dismissed. This included 64 Zendoro members and 966 Kokuro members. There were also 12 Doro-Chiba members who were not hired by the new companies, the reason given being that they had participated in the November 1985 strike.
Legal, administrative, and political campaign for rehiring.
Labor Commission cases.
In 1987, the Central Labor Relations Commission in Tokyo ruled that the JR Group had to either rehire or compensate workers who were not hired when JNR was privatized. The Labor Commission ruled that it was an Unfair Labor Practice as the members of Kokuro had been targeted, and anti-union discrimination is illegal under article seven of Japan's Trade Union Act. It also ruled that the JR Group companies, not the defunct JNR, were responsible.
A group of 23 petitions filed after 1991 alleged that 1,800 union members in six prefectures had been discriminated against in violation of article seven of the Trade Union Act of 1949. Local labor relations commissions recognized discrimination in three prefectures, (Kanagawa, Tokyo, and Akita) and an order for redress was issued. The company appealed this to the Central Labour Relations Commission in Tokyo. The Central Labour Relations Commission brokered a deal, and in 2005, Kokuro withdrew the 23 cases claiming anti-union discrimination against its members. In return, the company paid compensation estimated at 360 million yen.
From 1987 to 2006, Kokuro filed 340 complaints with various labor relations commissions, mostly related to the dismissal of the 1,047 JNR workers. In November 2006 the union and JR East struck an agreement to settle 61 related to discrimination against union members employed by JR. Kokuro agreed to withdraw the labor commission cases, and JR East agreed to pay compensation. This was considered to be a major step forward in reconciling Kokuro to JR.
Lawsuits.
The post-privatization dismissals resulted in a number of lawsuits. In 1994 and 1995, six JR Group companies brought lawsuits in the Tokyo District Court over the 1987 Labor Relations Commission ruling that the JR group was responsible for the non-hiring and that unfair labor practices had been committed. On May 28, 1998, rulings were handed down. In the case bought by the Honshu carriers, presiding Judge Saburo Takase said that while JR companies were responsible for selecting personnel to start up their new entities, they were not obligated to compensate unhired JNR workers. He said that if there were unfair labor practices were committed in choosing employees, the JR companies are responsible, but the labor commission should only order the firms to repeat their employment process, not to rehire the workers. He said an order to rehire unionists was illegal.
Presiding Judge Yasushige Hagio, ruling on the Hokkaido and Kyushu carriers' case, said that the JR Group companies were not responsible for personnel decisions following the JNR privatization, so he nullified the commission's order.
The Central Labor Relations Commission appealed and in December 2003, the Supreme Court rejected an appeal requesting that the former JNR employees in the labor unions that opposed the JNR privatization in 1987 be hired by the private Japan Railway companies that succeeded JNR.
The first petty bench of the Supreme Court gave a split decision. Presiding Justice Takehisa Fukazawa and Justice Niro Shimada said the JR firms bear this responsibility as employers and said the case should be sent back to the Tokyo High Court. However, the three three other justices disagreed and stated that JR bore no responsibility for any unfair labor practices that may have been committed.
In another case, of 283 plaintiffs in September 2005, the Tokyo District Court ruled that JNR had discriminated against union employees when recruiting for positions at the new JR companies.
It was the first time a court had recognized unfair labor practices by the now-defunct JNR or its affiliates and ordered compensation over the JR firms' refusal to hire JNR employees. Presiding judge Koichi Nanba ruled that the Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency should pay ¥5 million to each of the plaintiffs. Despite ruling that they had been discriminated against, he didn't order their re-hiring, stating that "There were reasonable causes for dismissal."
On December 5, 2006, at the Tokyo District Court, more than 500 Kokuro members, the union itself, and relatives of workers who died since the privatization planned to launch a 30 million yen damages lawsuit over the refusal to rehire the workers, making a total of 540 plaintiffs suing the Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency. Kokuro sought compensation for the loss of union fees incurred when the JR companies did not hire the union members, but this was intended as leverage to encourage political parties to intervene and for the agency to settle the labor dispute. A Kokuro official stated: "This suit is for securing an option to solve problems through the court before the statute of limitations expires. We will consider dropping the suit when a political solution becomes feasible."
On March 13, 2008, the Tokyo District Court turned down a case filed by 32 union members and three relatives of a deceased member which had been filed in November 2004. Judge Shigeru Nakanishi said the statute of limitations had expired, regardless of whether or not unfair labor practices had occurred. He did not state an opinion on whether or not such discrimination had occurred.
First attempted political settlement.
In 2000, the ruling political bloc at the time (the Liberal Democratic Party, New Komeito, and the now-defunct New Conservative Party suggested a compromise where the lawsuits would be dropped in return for urging the JR groups to rehire the workers in return for Kokuro acknowledging that JR had no responsibility for originally failing to employ them. The opposition Social Democratic Party functioned as an intermediary between the union and the ruling parties. the Social Democratic Party is affiliated to the National Trade Union Council (Zenrokyo), the trade union confederation that Kokuro belongs to. In January 2001, Kokuro voted to accept the plan, but there were various factions within the union with different viewpoints. In 2002, with the ruling block threatening to withdraw the deal, Kokuro voted again to withdraw their lawsuits.
In November 2002, the three ruling parties withdrew from the agreement. Kokuro had agreed to it but did not expel members who refused to accept it and had launched a separate lawsuit against the JNR Settlement Corporation in January 2002.
International Labor Organization view.
Kokuro and Zendoro bought the case to the International Labor Organization, claiming anti-union discrimination and that this violated the right to organize as stipulated in the ILO Convention No. 98 concerning freedom of association. They brought the case to the ILO Committee on the Freedom of Association for settlement. The committee wrote a report which was then approved by the ILO's ruling body. The ILO's view was that that the dismissed workers "were not hired by the JR companies not because of discrimination against the labor unions but because their members had refused wide-area transfers to other regions."
Towards a final settlement.
After the 2009 election victory of the Democratic Party of Japan, the coalition of three ruling parties; the Democratic Party of Japan, Social Democratic Party and Kokumin Shinto plus the opposition party New Komeito drafted a settlement package. In the settlement plan the former JR workers were to receive ¥29.5 million each.
An attached document described the dismissal of the 1047 former JNR workers as "an unfair labor practice on an unprecedented scale." The proposed settlement package included a ¥28 billion financial component, and a request for the JR companies to hire around 230 former JNR workers aged up to 55.
In April 2010, then-transport minister Seiji Maehara, announced that he and then-deputy prime minister Naoto Kan and Chief Cabinet Secretary Hirofumi Hirano finalized plans for a settlement. The JR group companies were reluctant to rehire the workers, so that part of the settlement was abandoned. The political parties had proposed ¥24 million yen per worker, the government had proposed ¥20 million. The figure was settled at ¥22 million. The total settlement amount was reduced to ¥20 billion, to be divided into payments of ¥22 million each for 910 households of "reconciliation money," making a total of ¥14.2 billion. Kokuro and other bodies were to receive ¥5.8 billion to be used to help the former workers find work.
Settlement.
Settlement details.
23 years after the original privatization, on June 28, 2010, the Supreme Court settled the dispute between the workers and the Japan Railway Construction, Transport and Technology Agency. The agency said it would pay 20 billion yen, approximately 22 million yen per worker, to 904 plaintiffs. However, as the workers were not reinstated, it was not a full settlement.
Pursuant to Paragraph 1 of the settlement, Kokuro and Kenkoro (Zendoro) dropped all its lawsuits, including unfair labor practice litigation not directly related to the firing of the 1,047 workers. Pursuant to Paragraph 2 of the settlement, Kokuro and Kenkoro did not file any unfair labor practice lawsuit thereafter.
Doro-Chiba's rejection of settlement.
Doro-Chiba is a union which in 1979 split off from Doro (the National Railway Motor Power Union). Doro merged with Tetsuro, a company union which had split off from Kokuro decades ago, and formed JR-Soren (Japan Confederation of Railway Workers' Unions --JRU) and actively promoted the privatization of JNR. Doro-Chiba had nine members who were not employed by JR after the privatization in 1987 and the union refused to accept the 2010 settlement. The union vowed to continue the struggle against the dismissals and against the privatization of JNR.

</doc>
<doc id="36537841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537841" title="72 Aquarii">
72 Aquarii

72 Aquarii (72 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 7.00.

</doc>
<doc id="36537853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537853" title="75 Aquarii">
75 Aquarii

75 Aquarii (75 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.86.

</doc>
<doc id="36537862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537862" title="Hill Grange High School">
Hill Grange High School

Hill Grange High School was a private school for boys and girls located on Pedder Road, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. 
History.
It was founded in 1939 by Madame Sophy Kelly, a prominent member of the Indian Jewish community. She was a well known personality and was referred to as the queen of Peddar Road. She contributed towards the educational ministry of Maharastra, and was the school's principal for most of its history. The school closed in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36537863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537863" title="85 Aquarii">
85 Aquarii

85 Aquarii (85 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.69.

</doc>
<doc id="36537864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537864" title="WMKR">
WMKR

WMKR 94.3 FM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format, licensed to Pana, Illinois, the station serves the Taylorville, Illinois area. WMKR is owned by Miller Communications, Inc. WMKR'S original city of license was Taylorville, but was changed to Pana when WXKO 100.9 in Pana was sold to a new owner and the frequency was moved to Macon, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="36537865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537865" title="Zbigniew Michalewicz">
Zbigniew Michalewicz

Zbigniew Michalewicz, Ph.D., is an entrepreneur, author and professor who is recognized internationally as an mathematical optimization and new technologies expert. He is the author of over two-hundred-fifty articles and twenty-five books which have been cited by over 10,000 authors. He is the co-founder of NuTech Solutions and the co-founder of SolveIT Software where he currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Scientific Officer.
Early life and education.
Michalewicz attended Warsaw University of Technology where he earned a Master of Science degree in Applied Mathematics in 1974. In 1975, Michalewicz joined the faculty of the Institute of Computer Science at the Polish Academy of Sciences as a researcher. While there, he obtained a Ph.D. in Computer Science in 1981; and a Doctor of Science (Habilitation) degree in Computer Science in 1997.
Professional career.
In 1982, Michalewicz left Poland and moved to New Zealand with his wife Ewa and son Matthew Michalewicz. He took a position with Victoria University in Wellington and left behind all of his possessions in Poland with the exception of a few personal items. In an interview, he stated that he left Poland for many reasons including the difficult economy at that time and the lack of access to scientific publications to conduct research. He emigrated to Charlotte, North Carolina in July 1989, just prior to Hurricane Hugo. He began working for UNC Charlotte where he received an offer of employment one year prior while he was still at the Victoria University. He taught at UNC Charlotte in the Department of Computer Science through 2004. 
In 2004, Michalewicz accepted a position with the University of Adelaide as well as the Polish-Japanese School of Information Technology. Michalewicz is currently a professor at the University of Adelaide, the Polish-Japanese School of Information Technology, and the Institute of Computer Science of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Michalewicz has consulted for many Fortune 500 companies where he has led data mining and optimization projects. He has also consulted for governmental agencies in the United States, Australia, and Poland. He served as the Chairman of the Technical Committee on Evolutionary Computation and also as the Executive Vice President of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Neural Network Council. He was the general chair of the First IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation held in Orlando in June 1994.
NuTech Solutions.
Michalewicz co-founded NuTech Solutions, Inc. in 1999 with his son Matthew Michalewicz. NuTech offered technology solutions to predict business changes and helped companies prepare for these changes. In September 2003, Matthew Michalewicz left the company after resigning from the board of directors. Towards the end of 2004, he moved from Charlotte to Adelaide, Australia. 
During his time at NuTech, he helped secure over $11 million in private equity investments, secure over 100 Global 1000 companies, and help the company grow to over 130 employees. Michalewicz also helped NuTech attract Bill Gaither, former CEO of Heafner Tire Group in Lincolnton, Hugh McColl, former CEO of Bank of America, and Lech Walesa, Nobel laureate and former president of Poland, to its board of directors.
In 2005, Michalewicz sold his shares of NuTech back to the company to make way for new investments into the company. NuTech was acquired by Netezza Corporation in 2008 and in 2010, IBM Corporation acquired Netezza and became the licensor of the technology licensed by NuTech.
SolveIT Software.
Michalewicz is the co-founder of SolveIT Software which was founded in 2005, a few months after his arrival in Australia. The other co-founders are Matthew Michalewicz, Martin Schmidt, and Constantin Chiriac. All were the co-authors of the book "Adaptive Business Intelligence".
The company develops advanced planning and scheduling business optimisation software, which helps manage complex operations using artificial intelligence. Most of the products were initially developed around the key South Australian industries of wine and grain handling, and today SolveIt has a specialist mining division due to early adoption of the companies solutions within the mining market. The software helps companies accurately predict and plan their production, supply chain, shipping and currency hedging.
Publications and lectures.
Michalewicz has published over two-hundred-fifty articles and has been the author or editor for twenty-five books. In addition to his published works, he has given numerous lectures throughout the world. Michalewicz has been the keynote speaker for numerous major events throughout the world. More recently he was the keynote speaker for the Integrated Planning and Optimization Summit 2012 in Adelaide, the BbSummit Australasia in 2011, and the IEEE CEC'12 in Brisbane, Australia on June 10–15, 2012.
Select articles.
Michalewicz has been published in numerous journals including the IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation - TEC. His works have also been cited by over 10,000 different authors.
Awards and recognition.
Michalewicz was awarded the title of Professor in 2002 by then Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski. He was appointed as a Business Ambassador for South Australia in 2006 by then Premier Mike Rann. He was also named as a finalist for South Australia's Science Excellence Awards for the commercialisation success of Adapative Business Intelligence in 2008 as well as a 2010 DSI Instructional Innovation Award Competition Finalist.
He was the recipient of the prestigious Pearcey Award which recognizes young entrepreneurs in the ICT space that have made significant contributions and taken entrepreneurial risks. He was given the award in 2011 for his founding of SolveIT Software.
Personal life.
Michalewicz is married to Ewa Michalewicz, an artist who also did the cover work for Michalewicz's book "How To Solve It" and numerous other of his books. Michalewicz has a son, Matthew Michalewicz who is the co-author of some of Zbigniew Michalewicz's books, including "Winning Credibility", "Puzzle-Based Learning" and "Adaptive Business Intelligence" . Matthew also co-founded SolveIT Software with his father Zbigniew. 
Michalewicz enjoys adventurous activities including scuba diving and skydiving. He also enjoys traveling and has visited numerous countries worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="36537870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537870" title="Pedro (Boys' Life)">
Pedro (Boys' Life)

Pedro is a fictional burro created as a mascot for "Boys Life" magazine in the 1970s. In every issue since 1989, "Boys' Life" included a column "written" by Pedro that later evolved into a blog. Scouts could write a letter addressed to Pedro, and mail it to Irving, Texas, where the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) and "Boy's Life" magazine were headquartered. Responses would be published in the following edition of the magazine.
Merchandise.
In 1970, Boys Life Merchandise created a scarf using the Pedro logo. In the 1990s, Pedro started to appear on t-shirts, sweaters, hats, insignias, etc.
Merit badge minute.
Pedro became involved with the Merit Badge Series (the Boy Scouts' Award system), showing techniques and tips on how to earn particular badges. This led to "Merit Badge Minute", a new column established in 2010, giving tips for three badges each month.
Comic.
"The Wacky Adventures of Pedro" is a comics section in the magazine. In August 2012, Pedro appeared in a second comic series, "Boss Around Pedro", giving the reader the ability to tell Pedro what to do.
Blog.
Through his blog, Pedro has given advice on camping gear, camping skills, and how to solve problems within with camping, fishing, backpacking, cooking, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36537873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537873" title="GLB1L3">
GLB1L3

Galactosidase, beta 1-like 3 is a protein in humans that is encoded by the GLB1L3 gene.

</doc>
<doc id="36537875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537875" title="87 Aquarii">
87 Aquarii

87 Aquarii (87 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 7.37.

</doc>
<doc id="36537901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537901" title="84 Aquarii">
84 Aquarii

84 Aquarii (84 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 7.08.

</doc>
<doc id="36537904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537904" title="Type specimen (mineralogy)">
Type specimen (mineralogy)

In mineralogy, the type specimen, also known as type material, is a reference sample by which a mineral is defined.
Types.
The following definitions for kinds of type specimens were approved in 1987 by the Commission on New Minerals and Mineral Names and the Commission on Museums of the International Mineralogical Association (IMA).
A holotype is a single specimen from which the original description of the mineral can be determined in whole.
Cotypes are multiple specimens from which quantitative, but not necessary, data are obtained for the original mineral description.
A neotype is a new specimen for the redefinition or reexamination of a mineral when the holotype or cotypes cannot be located or, upon examination, are inadequate for study.
Purpose.
Type specimens are valuable when a mineral species is reevaluated because the original description of a mineral may be incomplete or contain errors.
History.
Whereas the system of type specimens has long-existed in the biological sciences, this is not the case in mineralogy. The recentness of the practice means that sometimes no type material exists, even for minerals discovered as recently as the twentieth century. The publication of "Type specimens in mineralogy" by P.G. Embrey and M.H. Hey in 1970 stimulated much discussion on type specimens, leading to formal definitions approved by the IMA in 1987.
Nowadays, deposition of the type material in a professionally curated museum is required by the Commission on New Minerals, Nomenclature and Classification of the IMA when approving a new mineral species.

</doc>
<doc id="36537910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537910" title="Gingham Check">
Gingham Check

2012 general election.
On March 26, 2012, AKB48 announced it would be holding an election to determine the lineup for its 27th major single. The field of candidates consisted of 243 members from AKB48, SKE48, NMB48, and HKT48, and the ballots were available in the group's 26th single, "Manatsu no Sounds Good!" The election results were announced on June 6 at Nippon Budokan and results were broadcast live on TV for the first time. Yuko Oshima came first, followed by Mayu Watanabe and Yuki Kashiwagi.
This is the first single without Atsuko Maeda in the main lineup (excluding rock-paper-scissors singles) as she did not participate as a candidate in the election, and graduated from the group two days before the single's release. This is the second time Yuko Oshima becomes AKB48's center since Heavy Rotation. This is the last single for long-time AKB48 member Tomomi Kasai; she would later announce her graduation on December 17, 2012.
Promotion and release.
The single was released in three versions: Type A, Type B and Theater Edition.
Music video.
The video is directed by Joseph Kahn. and features actors Hideo Ishiguro (Kamen Rider Den-O, Kouhei Takeda (Hana Kimi, Kamen Rider Kiva), Dori Sakurada (Kamen Rider New Den-O) and Akira Nakao. Yuko Oshima and Mayu Watanabe appeared in the video in two teams of black (Oshima's) and red (Watanabe's). Atsuko Maeda also makes an appearance in the video.
The video consists of three story-lines that parody films: terrorists invade a police department, a schoolgirl explores a haunted hospital and a Golza from Ultraman Tiga attacks a city. It features a battle between the Motorgirls and the Car Devils.
Personnel.
"Gingham Check".
The lineup for the title track consists of the top 16 members from AKB48's 2012 general election.
The number in brackets indicates the member's ranking. --->
Center: Yūko Ōshima
"Yume no Kawa".
Atsuko Maeda's graduation song. Maeda had graduated two days prior to the single's release.
"Nante Bohemian".
Performed by Under Girls, which consist of members who ranked 17 to 32 in AKB48's 2012 general election.
The number in brackets indicates the member's ranking. --->
Center: Aki Takajō
"Doremifa Onchi".
Performed by Next Girls, which consist of members who ranked 33 to 48 in AKB48's 2012 general election.
The number in brackets indicates the member's ranking. --->
Center: Misaki Iwasa
"Show fight!".
Performed by Future Girls, which consist of members who ranked 49 to 64 in AKB48's 2012 general election.
The number in brackets indicates the member's ranking. --->
Center: Mutou Tomu
"Ano Hi no Fūrin".
Performed by Waiting Girls, which consist of members who participated as a candidate for AKB48's 2012 general election, but did not place in the top 64. There were a total of 171 members in this group.
JKT48 Version.
"" is the sixth released single from the Indonesian idol girl group JKT48.
Promotion and release.
JKT48 held their first Senbatsu Sosenkyo for selecting the members to participate for this single.
On May 29, 2014 , the release of single was announced together with the name of the launching event "Arigatou"
Track listing.
The single has two editions: Regular Version (CD+DVD) and Theater Version (CD only) (one distributed in ALFA MIDI · LAWSON and one from JKT48 theater).
Regular Version.
Bonus

</doc>
<doc id="36537920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537920" title="SERAC1">
SERAC1

Serine active site containing 1 is a protein in humans that is encoded by the "SERAC1" gene.
Clinical relevance.
Mutations in this gene have been associated to impairment of both mitochondrial function and intracellular cholesterol trafficking. A mutation in this gene has been found in a patient suffering from 3-methylglutaconic aciduria (http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1096719213001480).
Mutations in SERAC1 are associated to .

</doc>
<doc id="36537921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537921" title="Louisiana Highway 3114">
Louisiana Highway 3114

Louisiana Highway 3114 (LA 3114) was a state highway in Louisiana that served St. Tammany Parish. It spanned a total of along the present route of U.S. 190 on the north side of Covington.
Route description.
From the west, LA 3114 began at an intersection with U.S. 190 just northwest of the Covington city limits. It headed northeast to an intersection with LA 25. LA 3114 was an undivided, two-lane highway for its entire length.
History.
The Covington Bypass was conceived in the mid-1950s as part of a series of highway improvements associated with the construction of the Lake Pontchartrain Causeway. The bypass was to provide an alternate route around the downtown area for traffic on U.S. 190 and LA 25. Only half of the project was constructed at the time, the "eastern" segment from the Bogue Falaya River Bridge (at the current junction of U.S. 190, U.S. 190 Business, and LA 21) north to the current junction of U.S. 190 and LA 25. This segment was completed in 1957 and became the new routing of LA 25.
A decade later, in October 1967, construction began on the segment extending west from LA 25. This segment was designated as LA 3114 and was opened to traffic in January 1969. Two years later, it became the new routing of U.S. 190, and the old alignment through town became U.S. 190 Business. With this change, the LA 3114 designation was dropped, and LA 25 was truncated to its current terminus at U.S. 190 on the north side of Covington.

</doc>
<doc id="36537922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537922" title="7 Aquilae">
7 Aquilae

7 Aquilae (7 Aql) is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. Its apparent magnitude is 6.8 and it is at a distance of about from Earth. This is a pulsating variable star of the Delta Scuti type.

</doc>
<doc id="36537933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537933" title="Aspects of the Sensual World">
Aspects of the Sensual World

Aspects of the Sensual World is the third EP by the British singer Kate Bush, released in 1990. All of the songs included had previously been released as B-Sides in the UK and Europe through 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36537940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537940" title="LRRC37A">
LRRC37A

Leucine rich repeat containing 37A is a protein in humans that is encoded by the LRRC37A gene.

</doc>
<doc id="36537963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537963" title="WJIL">
WJIL

WJIL 1550 AM is a radio station licensed to Jacksonville, Illinois broadcasting a classic hits format. WJIL is also heard in locally in Jacksonville, Illinois on 102.9 FM. WJIL is owned by Morgan County Broadcasting CO., Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="36537965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537965" title="For What It's Worth (book)">
For What It's Worth (book)

For What It’s Worth is the tenth book for children by Janet Tashjian. It is a young adult novel published by Henry Holt and Company. The title is taken from the 1967 Buffalo Springfield song of the same name.
Quinn is a 14-year old boy growing up in Laurel Canyon in 1971, the center of the Southern California music scene. He starts a band, finally gets a girlfriend, and continues to add to his record collection until he meets a draft dodger and his perfect world falls apart. Through his Ouija board, he contacts Club 27 – the spirits of Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, and Jim Morrison. The rock icons give him bad advice Quinn struggles to understand.

</doc>
<doc id="36537978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36537978" title="MXRA5">
MXRA5

Matrix-remodelling associated 5 is a protein in humans that is encoded by the "MXRA5" gene.
Function.
This gene encodes one of the matrix-remodelling associated proteins. This protein contains 7 leucine-rich repeats and 12 immunoglobulin-like C2-type domains related to perlecan. This gene has a pseudogene on chromosome Y.
Clinical relevance.
Mutations in this gene have been seen frequently mutated in cases of non-small cell lung carcinoma.

</doc>
<doc id="36538016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538016" title="KCTD7">
KCTD7

Potassium channel tetramerisation domain containing 7 is a protein in humans that is encoded by the KCTD7 gene. Alternative splicing results in multiple transcript variants.
Description.
The KCTD7 gene encodes a member of the potassium channel tetramerisation domain-containing protein family. Family members are identified on a structural basis and contain an amino-terminal domain similar to the T1 domain present in the voltage-gated potassium channel. KCTD7 displays a primary sequence and hydropathy profile indicating intracytoplasmic localization. EST database analysis showed that KCTD7 is expressed in human and mouse brain.
Function.
KCTD7 expression hyperpolarizes the cell membrane and reduces the excitability of transfected neurons in patch clamp experiments. KCTD7 mRNA and protein are expressed in hippocampal neurons, deep layers of the cerebral cortex and Purkinje cells of the murine brain as shown by in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry experiments. Immunoprecipitation assays demonstrates that KCTD7 is able to prudhommerie and directly interacts with cullin-3 (CUL3), a component of the ubiquitin ligase complex. These interactions are thought to be mediated via the BTB/POZ domain of KCTD7. However, KCTD7 does not show any interaction cullin-1 (CUL1). Immunoprecipitation assays also shows that KCTD7 does not interact with Ubiquitin-flag, suggesting a potential role of KCTD7 in the ubiquitin ligase complex without being itself subject to uiquitination. Immunofluorescence microscopy shows a cytosolic expression of the recombinant GFP-KCTD7 protein in transfected COS-7 cells.
One possible hypothesis is that KCTD7 regulates indirectly the membrane expression level of a potassium channel. By conjugating with cullin-3 ubiquitin ligase complex, KCTD7 may modulate the expression level of a negative regulator of potassium channel. Therefore, the overexpression of KCTD7 in neurons would increase the degradation of that regulatory molecule leading to the increase of potassium current through the cell membrane as observed in patch clamp experiments.
In cultured mouse hippocampal cells, expression is found in the cell soma, in neuritic varicosities along the developing neuronal extensions, and in neurite growth cones, but not in the nucleus. Kctd7 is widely expressed in neurons throughout the intact mouse brain, including in cortical neurons, in granular and pyramidal cell layers of the hippocampus, and in cerebellar Purkinje cells. However, not all neuronal cells are immunopositive for Kctd7, and expression is not seen in astrocytes or microglial cells. Expression is constant from P5 to 2 months in cerebellar lysates. Overexpression of KCTD7 in HeLa and COS-1 cells, which do not express endogenous KCTD7, shows diffuse cytosolic localization, with no colocalization with markers for endosomes, ER, Golgi, lysosomes, or the cytoskeleton.
Beside the BTB/POZ domain of KCTD7, other residues are critical for its proper interaction with cullin-3. Furthermore, a full-length 31-kD Kctd7 isoform is expressed in mouse brain. Other major immunoreactive bands included a 28-kD species in the spleen, liver, and kidneys, a 37-kD species in the kidneys, and a 62-kD form most likely corresponding to a stable dimer. The presence of multiple bands was consistent with alternative splicing and tissue-specific regulation.
Clinical significance.
In 3 affected members of a large consanguineous Moroccan family with progressive myoclonic epilepsy-3, a homozygous nonsense mutation in the KCTD7 gene (R99X) has been identified.
In 2 Mexican siblings with infantile onset of progressive myoclonic epilepsy and pathologic findings of neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis in multiple cell types, a homozygous mutation in the KCTD7 gene (R184C) has been identified. The mutation was identified by whole-exome sequencing and confirmed by Sanger sequencing. This phenotype has been identified as CLN14. KCTD7 mutations were not found in 32 additional CLN samples.

</doc>
<doc id="36538030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538030" title="Achavalite">
Achavalite

Achavalite is a selenide mineral that is a member of the nickeline group. It has only been found in a single Argentinian mine system, being first discovered in 1939 in a selenide deposit. The type locality is Cacheuta Mine, Sierra de Cacheuta, Mendoza, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36538081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538081" title="WNSV">
WNSV

WNSV 104.7 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Nashville, Illinois, the station serves the areas around Centralia, Illinois, Breese, Illinois and Nashville, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="36538082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538082" title="Cassandra Bankson">
Cassandra Bankson

Cassandra Bankson (born November 11, 1992) is an American model and online personality from San Francisco, California. She has been featured on "Good Morning America", "The Today Show", and The Anderson Cooper Show, among other international television shows. She has been featured in magazines including Vogue, Seventeen, Glamour Magazine, Forbes, In Touch Weekly, US Weekly, and the Cover of Reveal Magazine, UK and newspapers The New York Post, SUN UK, and Pleasanton Weekly.
Early life.
Cassandra Bankson was born to Jennifer and Richard Bankson in San Francisco California. Cassandra grew up in the affluent suburbs of the San Francisco bay area and was raised in a predominately Christian household. At age 8 Cassandra developed a rather innocuous strain of Acne vulgaris which later transformed into an aggressive strain of acne conglobata by the time she was fourteen. Eventually her severe skin condition had progressed to the extent that it engulfed her entire face and most of her body. Cassandra's parents tried tirelessly to treat their daughters acne by taking her to 16 different specialists across the United States and western Europe which unfortunately proved unsuccessful. Cassandra was bullied relentlessly for her severe acne and eventually pulled out of school as a result. She later studied with a private tutor to complete her education.
Modeling career.
Bankson had been working with local professional photographers and model coach Charelston Pierce when she decided to submit professional shots to modeling agencies in San Francisco.
Bankson attended auditions for America's Next Top Mode in Blackhawlk and Los Angeles, but did not make it to the televised stages. Bankson has modeled for companies including "Citizens of Humanity", "HP", "Davidson and Licht", "Farouk Hair Systems", "Guess By Marciano" "CHI" (with Miss America Contestants and Abel Salazar), "Biosilk", Prada, "Bebe", along with appearing in other catalogs, magazines, local TV programmes, and runway shows. 
In April and May 2012, Bankson took part in appearances throughout "Sephora" stores in partnership with "Hourglass Cosmetics".
On September 13, 2012, Bankson walked at the Boy Meets Girl runway show at New York Fashion Week.
YouTube career.
In 2010, Bankson began making videos on the YouTube channel "Diamondsandheels14" on topics such as makeup, fashion and lifestyle.
The channel's most popular video, titled "Foundation Routine For Flawless Skin Acne Coverage", showing Bankson's bare skin and her secrets to cover her severe acne, gained international attention including that of Right This Minute, Good Morning America, "Anderson", The Today Show, The Insider, MSN, Fox News, and the front page of AOL, Yahoo, and MSN. After posting the video, she didn't look at the comments for four months, afraid of being bullied online. She posted the video hoping it would help "just one person".
The video has since gained well over 21 million views.
Bankson "made it her mission" to help others with makeup, confidence, acne, and skin conditions online. Her daily videos have also received international press and media attention She is a 'vlogger', and has also posted videos for men who suffer with acne. 
As of 2013, her YouTube channel has over 619,000 subscribers and 85 million video views. Along with YouTube, Bankson has a large following on other social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest.
Her story and her popular YouTube video were featured in an episode of Investigation Discovery's Karma's A B*tch.

</doc>
<doc id="36538122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538122" title="Hosshin-ji">
Hosshin-ji


</doc>
<doc id="36538133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538133" title="Chewang, Cangshan County">
Chewang, Cangshan County

Chewang () is a town in Cangshan County, in southern Shandong province, China. , it has 48 villages under its administration. It is more than southwest of Linyi and about northwest of the county seat.

</doc>
<doc id="36538134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538134" title="Umber (album)">
Umber (album)

Umber is the debut album of the American post-hardcore band Bitch Magnet.
Release and reception.
It was first released in 1989 by Glitterhouse Records, but was paired with the band's previous record and re-issued by Communion the same year. In 2011, "Umber" was remastered by Alan Douches and released in a box-set containing with the rest of the band's catalog.
In 2004, it was listed in Mojo's "Lost Albums You Must Own".
Track listing.
All songs written by Bitch Magnet
The 2011 box-set also contains alternate versions "Motor", "Joan of Arc", "Big Pining", "Joyless Street" and "Punch and Judy".

</doc>
<doc id="36538146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538146" title="HMAS Kuramia">
HMAS Kuramia

HMAS "Kuramia" was an auxiliary boom defence vessel and net layer of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). She was built in 1913 as a double ended ferry for Sydney Ferries.
Built by David Drake, Balmain for Sydney Ferries, she was launched on 15 November 1913. Her triple expansion engines were built by Mort's Dock, Balmain. She was operated on the Milson's Point run.
She was sold in 1940 and her machinery was removed. Part of her machinery was fitted in "Uralba". Her hull was requisitioned by the RAN in 1942 and she was converted into an auxiliary boom defence vessel and net layer. She was acquired by the RAN in 1943.
Fate.
Her hulk was used as target by aircraft from off Sydney on 10 October 1953 and sunk.

</doc>
<doc id="36538168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538168" title="WKRV">
WKRV

WKRV 107.1 FM is a radio station broadcasting an Classic Hits format. Licensed to Vandalia, Illinois, the station serves the Vandalia and Effingham areas.

</doc>
<doc id="36538176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538176" title="United States national soccer team results">
United States national soccer team results

These are the United States men's national soccer team all time results:
Results.
1916–1929.
11 matches played:
5 Wins, 4 Losses, 2 Draws
1930–1949.
19 matches played:
5 Wins, 13 Losses, 1 Draw
1950–1959.
17 matches played:
3 Wins, 14 Losses, 0 Draws
1960–1969.
19 matches played:
5 Wins, 10 Losses, 4 Draws
1970–1979.
49 matches played:
9 Wins, 31 Losses, 9 Draws
1980–1989.
56 matches played:
19 Wins, 19 Losses, 18 Draws
1990–1999.
199 matches played:
72 Wins, 75 Losses, 52 Draws
2000–2009.
172 matches played:
98 Wins, 42 Losses, 32 Draws
2010–2019.
76 matches played:
41 Wins, 22 Losses, 15 Draws
"As of July 1, 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36538194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538194" title="Dijkot">
Dijkot

Dijkot (Punjabi, ), is a city in the Faisalabad District in the state of Punjab, Pakistan. DIJKOT is 466 feet high from sea level and the population is above than 40000. Area of Dijkot consists of above than700 kanal. It is situated on Sumandree road, 26 km from Faisalabad GPS coordinates (latitude31.216700 and longitude 72.992000). Distance of MAKKAH from Dijkot is 3460.44 km. Qibla is located on the degree of 259.924023 from North clockwise.
In the early ages it was called (STATE OF DITCHKOT) and where the town was situated, now there is a graveyard consisting 95 kanal and 13 marla. The word Dijkot belongs to local language word ?Ditch? which means fort or a city inside the fort.
Ditch was a famous warrior tribe of the area. 1st time the city was destroyed, as the history shows, in 326 BC when Deputy Commander of the great Alexander attacked this state. Resultantly a few people were remained lived. They rehabilitated the city again. Then the CHUNDAR GUPT MORIA (322 BC -316BC) gave the importance to this town. In 712 AD Muhammad bin Qasim attacked the Sindh and reached to the Chiniot and probably he was arrested from this area. In 1460 the tribes of surrounding of Ditchkot attacked the state and once again the state was completely destroyed. For long time the area could not be rehabilitated. Then a saint Baba Sher Shah lived on the south of this old state. Then a new city began to develop during the Sher Shah Soori time. In the beginning of twentieth century Government High School and in 1908 Police station was established in Dijkot. city.

</doc>
<doc id="36538198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538198" title="Out Front!">
Out Front!

Out Front! is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1964 (with one track from the 1961 session that produced "Here's Jaki") and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 2½ stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "this is a surprisingly conventional set... It's fine music but one has to lower expectations a bit".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36538199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538199" title="Special Operations Craft – Riverine (SOC-R)">
Special Operations Craft – Riverine (SOC-R)

Special Operations Craft - Riverine craft perform short-range insertion and extraction of special operations forces in river and near-shore environments.
The SOC-R is designed to fit aboard C-130 or larger military aircraft. Special Boat Teams (SBT) perform an insertion/extraction delivery system called MEATS. MEATS allows an Army CH-47D helicopter to carry a SOC-R rigged to the underbelly of the helicopter with slings. The Combatant-Craft Crewmen use a rope to get from the helicopter onto the craft for insertions, and a ladder dropped down from the helicopter to get off the SOC-R craft when extracted.
Each craft is manned by a crew of four Special Warfare Combatant-craft Crewmen (SWCC) crew-members and can carry eight personnel. Members of Special Boat Team 22 (SBT-22), based in Stennis, MS, who make up a tiny fraction of the total SWCCs, are the only ones who operate the SOC-R. These river crews conduct mainly clandestine combat missions, often operating at night with little or no air support.
The SOC-R speed and tight turn radius are facilitated by the hull design. The slope of the SOC-R's V-shape belly essentially allows the boat to skate along the surface, with relatively little drag on the hull. Thanks to the waterjet propulsion, there is no hanging rudder or propeller blades to snag on submerged roots and rocks.
The SOC-R's five weapon mounts provide a 360-degree field of fire. The aft-mounted .50 cal covers the boat crew as they leave the shore after an extraction.

</doc>
<doc id="36538209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538209" title="Osman Mohamud">
Osman Mohamud

Osman Mohamud (often known as Buurmadow; born c. 1965) is a clan elder from Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.
Biography.
Mohamud is known for his efforts at mediating regional conflicts, particularly among clans in northern Somalia.
On 17 November 2011, he was arrested in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), visiting his wife who resides there while returning from a pilgrimage to Mecca. The government never offered formal charges against him, prompting Amnesty International to issue an alert on his behalf; the group later speculated that UAE had arrested him at the prompting of Somaliland authorities. Mohamud was released on 5 January 2012.
Upon returning to Somaliland on 15 March, Mohamud was arrested at the airport in Hargeisa. After forty days of detention, the local government charged him with what it termed "anti-national activity of a citizen abroad”, "subversive or anti-national propaganda" and "continuing offence" in response to a comment he had made while in the UAE criticizing a trip to China by President Ahmed Mahamoud Silanyo of Somaliland. On 8 July, these charges were dismissed and replaced by a charge of "insulting a public official", of which the judge found Mohamud guilty. Mohamud was subsequently sentenced to one year in prison for defamation, according to local law based on the colonial period Italian Somaliland penal code. Amnesty International responded by declaring Mohamud a prisoner of conscience, detained "for exercising his right to freedom of expression". 
On 18 July, the Somaliland government pardoned Mohamud, apparently in response to international pressure, and he returned to his home in Hargeisa.

</doc>
<doc id="36538217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538217" title="Buller River (Western Australia)">
Buller River (Western Australia)

The Buller River is a river in the Mid West of Western Australia, near Geraldton. 
The river is a short coastal stream of around 10 km length just to the north of Geraldton, in the Drummond Cove and Oakajee areas. The headwaters of the river are north of Geraldton. The Buller flows in a southerly direction, initially following the east side of the North West Coastal Highway to a point north of Drummond Cove, where it turns to the west, to discharge into the Indian Ocean.
History.
The Buller River was named on 7 April 1839 by the explorer George Grey while on his second disastrous expedition along the Western Australian coast, probably after Charles Buller M.P., an associate of Edward Gibbon Wakefield and Grey's friend William Hutt (brother of the 2nd Governor of Western Australia, John Hutt), and an active parliamentary proponent of the free colonization of South Australia, Western Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36538221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538221" title="Houses at l'Estaque">
Houses at l'Estaque

"Houses at l'Estaque" (French: "Maisons à l'Estaque") is a 1908 oil painting by Georges Braque. It is considered either an important pre-cubist landscape or the first Cubist landscape. The painting prompted art critic Louis Vauxcelles to mock it as being composed of cubes which led to the name of the movement.
It is a response to works by Paul Cézanne who also lived in L'Estaque at times.

</doc>
<doc id="36538236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538236" title="Star Booty">
Star Booty

Star Booty an EP by the American post-hardcore band Bitch Magnet.
Release and reception.
It was first released independently in 1988, but was paired with the band's debut album and re-issued by Communion the following year. In 2011, "Star Booty" was remastered by Alan Douches and released in a box-set with the rest of the band's catalog.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bitch Magnet

</doc>
<doc id="36538242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538242" title="NGC Bocas Lit Fest">
NGC Bocas Lit Fest

The NGC Bocas Lit Fest is the Trinidad and Tobago literary festival that takes place annually during the last weekend of April. Inaugurated in 2011, it is the first major literary festival in the southern Caribbean and largest literary festival in the Anglophone Caribbean. A registered non-profit company, the festival has as its title sponsor the National Gas Company of Trinidad and Tobago (NGC). Other partners include the Commonwealth Foundation and One Caribbean Media (OCM), who sponsor the associated OCM Bocas Prize for Caribbean Literature. 
Another new award in partnership with Bocas is the Hollick Arvon Caribbean Writers Prize, sponsored by the Hollick Family Charitable Trust and the literary charitable trust the Arvon Foundation, with the aim of allowing an emerging Caribbean writer living and working in the Anglophone Caribbean to devote time to developing a literary work, with support from an established writer as mentor. The award was announced at the Bocas Lit Fest in 2012 by Sue Woodford-Hollick, and the first winner in 2013 was Barbara Jenkins.
The Henry Swanzy Award for Distinguished Service to Caribbean Letters (named after the influential producer of the BBC radio programme "Caribbean Voices" that ran from 1943 to 1958) was inaugurated at the 2013 NGC Bocas Lit Fest, as an "annual lifetime achievement award to recognise service to Caribbean literature by editors, publishers, critics, broadcasters, and others". 
The Bocas Lit Fest additionally administers the Burt Award for Caribbean authors of literature for young adults, also launched in 2013.
Background.
The festival organising team comprises Marina Salandy-Brown, founder and director; Nicholas Laughlin, editor of the "Caribbean Review of Books", Funso Aiyejina, prize-winning author and dean of the Faculty of Humanities and Education at the University of the West Indies, St. Augustine, Marjorie Thorpe, former professor of literature at the University of the West Indies, St. Augustine, independent bookseller Joan Dayal; Danielle Delon, editor of "The Letters of Margaret Mann", local businesswoman Lucita Esau, and Patrice Matthews, a marketing and media professional.
The festival's name derives from the Spanish word for mouth, “"boca"” – the organ of speech and song and storytelling – while also referencing the Bocas del Dragón (the Dragon's Mouths), which are the narrow straits off Trinidad’s north-west peninsula that connect the Gulf of Paria to the Caribbean Sea. For centuries, the Bocas were the gateways connecting Trinidad to the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean. 
The festival's strapline is: “Celebrating books, writers, and writing from the Caribbean and the rest of the world”. The scores of writers taking part in the 2012 festival were both locally-based and from abroad, including Fred D'Aguiar, Earl Lovelace, Vahni Capildeo, Chika Unigwe, Monique Roffey, Kenneth Ramchand, Mervyn Morris, Achy Obejas, Rabindranath Maharaj, George Lamming, professor of genetics Steve Jones, Merle Hodge, Rahul Bhattacharya, and Michael Anthony. The festival featured readings, discussions, performances, workshops, screenings of films based on Caribbean writing and music.
The main venues are the National Library (NALIS) and the Old Fire Station, in downtown Port of Spain.
There is also a full programme of activities for young readers, sponsored by KFC, and in the run-up to the festival storytelling events take place in Tobago, Couva, Chaguanas, San Fernando, Point Fortin, Mayaro and Arima.
Caribbean Literature Action Group (CALAG).
Launched in 2012 was the Caribbean Literature Action Group (CALAG), a new partnership between the NGC Bocas Lit Fest, the British Council, and Commonwealth Writers, aimed at supporting the development of Caribbean writing and publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="36538245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538245" title="Ligia cinerascens">
Ligia cinerascens

Ligia cinerascens is a woodlouse in the family Ligiidae. 
Description.
"L. cinerascens" is very similar to "L. occidentalis" with more antenna segments but shorter overall antenna length. It can be distinguished from "L. exotica" by its shorter antennae and uropods, as well as its uniformay gray color and granular texture. The species name "cinerascens" comes from the Latin for "ashy," referring to the gray color of this species.
Life Cycle.
In the wild, "L. cinerascens" usually lives about 1 year (overwintering once) but occasionally lives up to 2.5 years (overwintering twice). Females breed in their first year for five months, then die before the second winter, typically producing one brood - two at the most. Reared in the lab, "L. cinerascens" has a longer lifespan and may produce 3 or more broods in a lifetime.
"L. cinerascens" are parasitized by Thinoseius setifer, a mite attaching to the ligia's pleopods. 
Distribution.
G. H. A. Budde-Lund found samples of "L. cinerascens" on a long ocean exploration, and when he returned he couldn't remember if they had come from Japan, Manila or Chile, limiting our current knowledge of the full range of the species. It has also been found on Kuril Islands (specifically Kunashir Island) and Peter the Great Gulf in far western Russia. It is one of four ligia species to be found on Japanese coasts. Specifically, it is found mainly on Hokkaido, with a separate population in Tokyo Bay. 

</doc>
<doc id="36538254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538254" title="Genes (journal)">
Genes (journal)

Genes is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that is published quarterly by MDPI. It was established in March 2010. The editor-in-chief is J. Peter W. Young (University of York).
Aims and scope.
The journal covers research on all aspects of genetics and genomics. It publishes reviews, research articles, communications and technical notes.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="36538260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538260" title="Manuel Gerardo Corona">
Manuel Gerardo Corona

Manuel Gerardo Corona Venegas (born January 7, 1983 in Konstanz) is a German-Mexican footballer.
He currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Irapuato FC Since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36538261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538261" title="Chewang, Sichuan">
Chewang, Sichuan

Chewang () is a town in Hejiang County, in southeastern Sichuan province, China, located on the eastern (right) bank of the Chishui River (赤水河), located upstream from the county seat, where that river joins the Yangtze, and downstream of Chishui City in Guizhou. , it has 1 residential community (社区) and 9 villages under its administration. The town is about south-southwest of the county seat, Hejiang Town (合江镇), but just under northeast of Chishui City.

</doc>
<doc id="36538298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538298" title="Mamu Kanjan">
Mamu Kanjan

Mamu Kanjan (or spelled as Mamukanjan) is a town of Faisalabad District in Punjab, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36538302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538302" title="Rolando Antonio Pérez Fernández">
Rolando Antonio Pérez Fernández

Rolando Antonio Pérez Fernández (b. Santiago de Cuba, Cuba, 1947) is a renowned Cuban musicologist, cellist and professor.
Academic background.
Rolando Pérez initiated his musical Studies in Santiago de Cuba, where he also began his career as cellist under the guidance of distinguished performer and professor Ernesto Xancó. In 1976 he graduated from Music Medium Level in the specialty of violoncello at Havana Municipal Conservatory “Amadeo Roldán”. This same year, after the inauguration of the Instituto Superior de Arte (ISA) and the School of Musicology in the same educational institution, Rolando Pérez began his studies in that area, which was founded by Cuban musicologist Argeliers León, after concluding his Studies, Rolando Pérez received the degree of “Licenciado en Música con especialización en Musicología” from the Instituto Superior de Arte (ISA). En 1999, he also received the degree of “Doctor en Ciencias del Arte,” from the same educational institution.
Work as cellist.
Rolando Pérez served as cellist in the Cuban National Symphony Orchestra from 1969 to 1981, as well as between 1987 and 1992.
He has also participated in ensembles and recordings of concert and popular music such as: Cuarteto de cuerdas by Carlos Malcolm, and “El ropavejero,” by Francisco Barrios “El Mastuerzo”,together with the Mexican rock’n roll group “Botellita de Jerez”.
Work as musicologist.
As musicological researcher, Rolando Pérez has collaborated with the “Centro de Investigación y Desarrollo de la Música Cubana” from 1981 to 1987. He has also participated as speaker in numerous cogresses and lectures, among which we can mention the following: “Coloquio Interdisciplinario sobre Ritmo, Universidad de Salamanca (1993),” “Encuentro Latinoamericano sobre Religión y Etnicidad, Universidad Javeriana, Bogotá (1996),” “International Conference ‘’Musical Cultures of Latin America: Global Effects, Past and Present,’’ UCLA (1999),” “Society for Ethnomusicology South East and Caribbean Chapter Annual Meeting, FSU, Tallahassee, Florida (2002),” “Congreso Internacional de la Asociación Latinoamericana de Estudios Afroasiáticos, UNAM/Colegio de México, México DF (2003),” “Congreso de la IASPM Rama Latinoamericana, La Habana 2006,” and the “II Congreso Venezolano de Música Popular, Caracas (2006).”
Work as professor.
From 1993 until the present, Rolando Pérez has worked as professor in the area of Etnomusicology at the National School of Music of the “Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México” (UNAM), where he currently holds a tenure as “Profesor de Tiempo Completo, Titular ‘A’ Interino.” 
Publications.
Throughout his long career as musicologist and researcher, Rolando Pérez has published the following books: ‘’La binarización de los ritmos ternarios africanos en América Latina’’ (Casa de las Américas, La Habana, 1987) and ‘’La música afromestiza mexicana’’ (Universidad Veracruzana, Xalapa (Veracruz), 1990). In the first of those books (which won the musicology award from Cuban cultural institution “Casa de las Américas” in 1982), he proposes a theory which is deeply rooted in the musicological problematic of Latin America and a methodology which could be developed in comparative studies created within the Continent. The text is comprised by three chapters in which the author begins by analyzing general aspects related to the presence of the African population in Latin America, his contributions to music and to the socio-historical context within which those processes have evolved. In the second chapter he describes in detail the characteristics of the African rhythm style and its fusion with the Hispanic style. In the third chapter he develops his own personal conclusions about what he describes as: “the binarization process of the African ternary rhythms”, their specific behavior and the consequences of this process for the cultural development of the musical culture in Cuba and Latin America. His reflections are illustrated with numerous musical examples. In his second book, Pérez Fernández intends to demonstrate the importance of the African contribution to the integration of the music of Mexico, as well as to provide facts that may support, within the musicological field, the conclusions of Mexican anthropologist Gonzalo Aguirre Beltrán in reference to the concept that the Mexican creole music is fundamentally a result of the cultural fusion between the Spanish and the African population.
In addition, this author has written numerous articles and book chapters, not just focused in the African musical contributions in Latino America, but also extending his interest to Linguistics, Epistemology and History, as well as to the contribution of the Chinese musical traditions to the Cuban culture.
In those areas of study we shold mention works such as:
The outstanding work of Pérez Fernández constitutes an important point of reference for current and future investigations focusing on the study of the African influence in the music of Latin America. In this regard, his ideas, articles and books have been commented, quoted and reviewed within and outside the American Continent by several prominent researchers such as: Steven Loza, James Robbins, José Jorge de Carvalho, Isabel Aretz, Kofi Agawu, Ángel G. Quintero Rivera, Juan Pablo González, Antonio García de León, Helmut Enrique Greiner, Carlos Reynoso and Gonzalo Aguirre Beltrán, among others. 
See also.
Music of Cuba

</doc>
<doc id="36538315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538315" title="Ali Hassani Sefat">
Ali Hassani Sefat

Ali Hassani Sefat is an Iranian professional football player currently playing for Malavan in the Iran Pro League.
Career.
Hassani Sefat joined Malavan F.C. in 2010 after spending the previous season at Petrochimi Tabriz F.C. in the Azadegan League.

</doc>
<doc id="36538319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538319" title="Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission">
Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission

The Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission (IOGCC), is a United States organization that represents the governors of 30 member and eight associate states, and works to ensure the nation's oil and natural gas resources are conserved and utilized to their maximum potential while protecting health, safety and the environment. It was established by the charter member states' governors in 1935. The Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission is the oldest and largest interstate compact in the nation.
Organizational structure.
In 1935, six states endorsed and Congress ratified the Interstate Compact to Conserve Oil and Gas, resulting in the formation of the governmental entity now known as the IOGCC. Since that time, states have established effective regulation of the oil and natural gas industry, assisted by IOGCC programs designed to gather and share information. This dialog takes place primarily during IOGCC meetings, held biannually at sites across the United States. Each member state holds one vote, exercised by the governor or delegated to the state's official representative or associate representative. Gubernatorial appointees offer their expertise to IOGCC committees. State contributions fund IOGCC operations, while projects may be funded through grants. The IOGCC does not accept petroleum industry funds for its operating expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="36538328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538328" title="Isanthus">
Isanthus

Isanthus is a genus of sea anemone in the family Isanthidae.
Species.
Species in the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="36538354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538354" title="David Drake Limited">
David Drake Limited

David Drake Limited was a major Australian shipbuilding company. It had facilities located at Bald Rock, Balmain, Johnson's Bay, Pyrmont and Drummoyne in New South Wales. David Drake began ship building in 1885, the ship building business was later incorporated. David died in 1922, and the shipbuilding business continued until 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="36538375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538375" title="Chewang, Wudi County">
Chewang, Wudi County

Chewang () is a town in Wudi County, in northern Shandong province, China. , it has 1 residential community (社区) and 76 villages under its administration. It is located about north of the county seat.

</doc>
<doc id="36538393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538393" title="Blue Heron Airport">
Blue Heron Airport

Blue Heron Airport is a privately owned, public use airport in Schoharie County, New York, United States. It is located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Gallupville, New York. The airport was formerly a private use facility, at which time it used the FAA identifier NK93.
Facilities and aircraft.
Blue Heron Airport covers an area of 20 acres (8 ha) at an elevation of 1,200 feet (366 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with a turf surface measuring 2,600 by 70 feet (792 x 21 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 11, 2010, the airport had 200 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 16 per month. At that time there were two ultralight aircraft based at this airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36538398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538398" title="Cattaraugus County-Olean Airport">
Cattaraugus County-Olean Airport

Cattaraugus County-Olean Airport is a city owned, public use airport located 10 nautical miles (12 mi, 19 km) north of the central business district of Olean, a city in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Facilities and aircraft.
Cattaraugus County-Olean Airport covers an area of 426 acres (172 ha) at an elevation of 2,135 feet (651 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 4/22 is 4,800 by 100 feet (1,463 x 30 m) with an asphalt surface; 16/34 is 2,135 by 100 feet (651 x 30 m) with a turf surface.
For the 12-month period ending July 9, 2009, the airport had 25,550 aircraft operations, an average of 70 per day: 98% general aviation, 2% air taxi, and <1% military. At that time there were 12 aircraft based at this airport: 92% single-engine and 8% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="36538427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538427" title="Methanesulfonyl fluoride">
Methanesulfonyl fluoride

Methanesulfonyl fluoride (MSF) It has long been known to be a potent inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase AChE, the enzyme that regulates acetylcholine, an important neurotransmitter in both the central and peripheral nervous systems.
Technical and physical properties.
MSF is a clear, colorless to yellowish hygroscopic liquid. It is corrosive and highly toxic. It is an oxydiaphoric inhibitor of the enzyme acetylcholinesterase. MSF, which is a liquid at room temperature, has a vapor pressure of 19.2 mmHg, slightly more volatile than water which has a vapor pressure of 18.8 mmHg at 21 °C. This vapor has an LC50 in rats of between 4 and 5 ppm during one hour of exposure or between 1 and 1.2 ppm during 7 hours of exposure. MSF produced no subtle biological effects from direct action of MSF independent of its ability to inhibit cholinesterase. Repeated exposures to 1/10 of the LC50 did not produce overt systemic toxicity or significant pathology. MSF can also cause severe skin burns and serious eye damage if contact is made. It is a lachrymator and causes tears in eyes.
Methanesulfonyl fluoride has a pungent odor. It undergo decomposition on heating to liberate fumes of fluorides and sulfur oxides.
Synthesis.
A typical synthesis is to treat methanesulfonyl chloride with potassium fluoride or potassium bifluoride in water and then steam distil the product out.
Therapeutic study.
Animal studies have shown that MSF-induced inhibition of AChE is highly selective for the brain when it is studied in vivo. MSF is an irreversible inhibitor of AChE and its inhibition of AChE is only overcome by de novo synthesis new AChE in each tissue. The recovery of AChE activity in the brain is less than one-tenth as rapid as AChE recovery in the gastrointestinal system, allowing very high accumulated AChE inhibition in the brain with clinically insignificant AChE inhibition in peripheral tissues.The high selectivity of MSF for inhibition in the brain has suggested that it could be used as a treatment for dementia of the Alzheimer type, that it is effective in reducing the persistent cognitive deficit after stoke, and it is highly effective in reducing normal age-related memory impairment, making aged rats perform as well as young rats. 
Methanesulfonyl fluoride has been tested successfully in three human clinical trials as a treatment for Alzheimer’s dementia. Two Phase I clinical trials testing for safety of MSF in humans at the doses proposed for treating dementia have shown that it is well tolerated and relatively free of the side effects of nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea that are produced by the current cholinesterase inhibitors used for the treatment of Alzheimer’s dementia. Furthermore, a Phase II clinical trial testing both the safety and the efficacy of MSF found that it was well tolerated in the aged patients and it was highly effective in reducing the symptoms of Alzheimer’s dementia. US Patent has been issued for the use of MSF for the treatment of dementia.

</doc>
<doc id="36538432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538432" title="Money Jaws (album)">
Money Jaws (album)

Money Jaws is the second studio album by American hip hop band Honey Claws. The album was released on July 15, 2012. After worldwide success of their track Digital Animal the band members, re-joined in Austin, TX for a month to record this album. The album has a slightly different sound, that their previous work Honey Claws because some band members (Ben Senior and Traey Hatch) couldn't join.
Singles.
The first official single off the album is the "I Love Summer". On 10 August Honey Claws released a music video via YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="36538448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538448" title="Maotai (town)">
Maotai (town)

Maotai () is a town in the north of Guizhou province, known as the production site of "maotai" wine and located on the southeast (right) bank of the Chishui River (赤水河). It is under the administration of Renhuai City, , it has five residential communities (社区) and eight villages under its administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36538456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538456" title="Autoimmune gastrointestinal dysmotility">
Autoimmune gastrointestinal dysmotility

Autoimmune gastrointestinal dysmotility (AGID) is an autoimmune disease autonomic neuropathy affecting the gastrointestinal organs and digestive system of the body. Dysmotility is when the strength or coordination of the esophagus, stomach or intestines muscles do not work as they should.
Diagnosis.
AGID is diagnosed with a complete medical history, exam of patients motility and with special blood tests looking for autoantibodies consistent with neurologic autoimmunity. Blood tests included evaluations of immunofluorescence (neuronal nuclear and cytoplasmic antibodies), radioimmunoprecipitation assays (neuronal and muscle plasma membrane cation channel antibodies), and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (muscle striational antibodies). A finding, along with medical history, of ganglionic neuronal acetylcholine receptor and N-type voltage-gated calcium channel autoantibodies in the blood stream would result in a medically acceptable diagnosis of AGID. 
Common Illnesses with AGID.
Often AGID is a symptom of other problems including colon cancer, lupus, lung, breast, or ovarian carcinoma or thymoma. or other diseases. Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) is the most recognized form of AGID.
Treatment.
Pyridostigmine is a pharmaceutical treatment option for patients with AGID.
In severe cases patients with AGID are required to abandon eating foods requiring them to get the nourishment through a process called parenteral nutrition. Parenteral nutrition is when the patient is feed VIA a permanent IV and the liquid nourishment is infused directly in the blood stream, verses a feeding tube.

</doc>
<doc id="36538469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538469" title="Braille e-book">
Braille e-book

A braille e-book is a refreshable braille display using electroactive polymers rather than mechanical pins to raise braille dots on a display. As of 2013, they exist only in concept design; though not inherently expensive, due to the small scale of production they have not been shown to be economical.

</doc>
<doc id="36538490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538490" title="Landmark (Asian Kung-Fu Generation album)">
Landmark (Asian Kung-Fu Generation album)

Landmark is the seventh studio album by the Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation, released on September 12, 2012.
History.
In late 2011, Gotoh confirmed in his diary that the band were in the studio recording new songs. However, he did not release the name of the album until July 2012, days after their 2012 Nano-Mugen Festival. Along with his announcement of the name of the album, he also stated that the album will be released on September 12, 2012, and a 22-show nationwide tour will follow in support of the album.
On August 2, Gotoh claimed that the album "is a masterpiece" via Twitter.
On August 8, the album art was revealed, credited to Yusuke Nakamura, a long time art collaborator with the band. The track list was also confirmed, revealing that "All Right Part 2" will be the second song to appear on both, a Nano-Mugen Compilation, and on an original album. (The first, being "Blackout", appearing on the first Nano-Mugen Compilation.) "N2" also appeared on the "Marching Band" single as a b-side, similar to how three b-sides on "Surf Bungaku Kamakura", titled "Enoshima Escar," "Yuigahama Kite," and "Kugenama Surf", were originally released on the "Korogaru Iwa, Kimi ni Asa ga Furu," "After Dark," and "Aru Machi no Gunjō" singles respectively.
On August 28, the song "Bicycle Race" was first played on "School of Lock", a segment on a radio station in Tokyo. The music video for the song was released on September 7.
Two different limited editions of the album were released, with one including an LP version of the album, and the other including a compilation DVD of songs performed at both, a 2011 Nano-Mugen festival concert, and a 2012 Best Hit AKG concert.
The album became the band's first original album to be made available for purchase in the United States through the iTunes store, being released on October 17.
Track List.
The track list for the album was confirmed by Gotoh on his diary on August 23, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36538492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538492" title="Bhadrachalam Revenue Division">
Bhadrachalam Revenue Division

The Bhadrachalam Revenue Division was part of East Godavari district up to 1959, after which it was merged through GO No 553 on 17 Nov 1959 into Khammam district. Ashwaraopeta was also part of West Godavari district up to 1959. 

</doc>
<doc id="36538528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538528" title="Aizawl Theological College">
Aizawl Theological College

Aizawl Theological College is an ecumenical seminary of the Presbyterian Church in Aizawl, Mizoram. It is affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College (University). The college is owned by the Mizoram Presbyterian Church and administered by the Mizoram Synod through its Theological Education Board. Hundreds of pastors and church leaders have received their academic training and ministerial formation under the standards laid down by the Senate of Serampore College ever since its inception in 1907.
Location.
The college in located at the top of a mountain, north of Aizawl, the state capital of Mizoram. Aizâwl is easily accessible by road and air. There are several public transportations such as taxi, bus and other services from Guwahati, Shillong, Churachandpur and Silchar to Aizawl and vice versa. Aizawl is presently connected by air-flights to Kolkata, Guwahati and Imphal
History.
Aizâwl Theological College was started by Rev. D.E. Jones, popularly known as Pu Zosâphluia among the Mizos, in 1907 as a humble theological school to train native Christians for various ministries of the church. It was originally named "Aijal Theological School". In 1924, the theological school was shifted from Aizâwl to Durtlâng at the present site of the Presbyterian Hospital. Rev. F.J. Sandy managed the administration. But Sundy unexpectedly died and the school was moved back to Aizawl proper, and headed by Rev. E.L. Mendus. The school was closed in 1937 affected by circumstances of the Second World War. It was revived in 1964 to become a proper theological college. Rev. J.M. Lloyd became the first designated Principal and the college was located at Mission Vêngthlang, Aizâwl. The Senate of Serampore College granted affiliation to the college at the level of Licentiate in Theology (L.Th.) in 1965. The college was then officially named "Aizawl Theological College." When Rev. J.M. Lloyd returned to Wales he was succeeded by Rev. C. Pazâwna who became the first Mizo Principal of the College. He remained in office for seventeen years. In 1971, the College was upgraded to the B. Th. level by the Senate of Serampore College, replacing the L. Th. diploma course programme. In 1994 that the Senate of Serampore College allowed Aizâwl Theological College to start the B.D. programme. In June 1998 the Council for Academic Affairs of the Senate of Serampore College granted Aizâwl Theological College the status of a full-fledged B.D. College. The Master of Theology (M. Th) programme in Christian Theology had been introduced since 2002 and M. Th. (New Testament and Missiology) and Doctor of Ministry (D. Min) respectively are also being introduced from 2007 academic session.

</doc>
<doc id="36538531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538531" title="Ana María Picasso">
Ana María Picasso

Ana María Picasso Clarke (born in Lima, 24 July 1984) is a Peruvian journalist and TV host.
Biography.
Picasso is the daughter of George Clarke and Ana Maria Salinas Larizbeascoa. She traveled to U.S. to study journalism at the University of Texas at Austin. Now graduated from college, got a job at Univision in Dallas to work as host of evening news, in addition to special reports on location. She worked for the chain just over a year.
Later, she moved to Mexico after winning a scholarship at the Center for Arts Education Televisa, where she took courses of history of art, acting, diction, driving, dance and work corporal.
In 2006, Picasso returned to Lima, where the following year began to work as host of the "Central deportiva" on Cable Magico Deportes. also debuted as an actress, after following theater classes with Bruno Odar, in the musical "A pies, descalzos ¡vamos!".
Introduced in summer 2010 the program "La costa", and then went to work to RPP Noticias channel, with two programs: "Link" and "Anda y ve".
In 2012, he joined to Plus TV channel to present "Oh! Diosas".
References.
In Spanish:

</doc>
<doc id="36538532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538532" title="Joe Kearns Goodwin">
Joe Kearns Goodwin

Joseph Kearns Goodwin (born October 14, 1977) is a former U.S. Army Captain, who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and was awarded a Bronze Star for exemplary service in combat. Between military tours, Goodwin was selected to join the General Electric Company’s elite Junior Officer Leadership Program (JOLP). Goodwin is recent graduate of Harvard Law School. He ran for the Massachusetts State Senate seat that opened as a result of Susan Fargo's retirement. He is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin and presidential advisor and speechwriter Richard N. Goodwin.
Early life and education.
Joseph Goodwin was born in Boston, and grew up in the nearby suburb of Concord, where he attended the local public schools, graduating from Concord-Carlisle High School. He is a 2001 Cum Laude graduate of Harvard College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Literature.
Career and awards.
After graduating from Harvard College in the spring of 2001, Goodwin planned to join the workforce then attend law school but in the days following the September 11 attacks, Goodwin felt a call to serve and enlisted in the U.S. Army. He arrived in Iraq in Spring 2003, and served as a combat arms platoon leader with the Army’s 1st Armored Division and was awarded the Bronze Star. In his second tour of duty, Goodwin was charged with cultivating civilian contacts in Afghan cities and towns on behalf of NATO Commander General David McKiernan and his director of strategic communications, Brigadier General Michael A. Ryan. 
Goodwin has written extensively about his service in the U.S. Army and the military’s efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan, including opinion pieces published in the New York Times, Boston Globe, Boston Magazine and the Los Angeles Times. He has appeared on NBC’s Meet The Press, PBS’s Charlie Rose, MSNBC’s Morning Joe and the BBC to discuss his Army experiences.
On April 3, 2012, Goodwin announced that he planned to run for the Massachusetts State Senate seat that was being vacated by Senator Susan Fargo. He was endorsed by US Senator John Kerry and CityYear co-founder and former US Senate candidate Alan Khazei, among others. He lost the Democratic primary by 372 votes to former State Senator Michael Barrett.
Personal life.
Goodwin married Victoria Bonney in October 2011; the two met while working on a 90-day special election to fill the United States Senate Seat vacated by Ted Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="36538541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538541" title="ToggleKeys">
ToggleKeys

ToggleKeys is a feature of Microsoft Windows. It is an accessibility function which is designed for people who have vision impairment or cognitive disabilities. When ToggleKeys is turned on, computer will provide sound cues when the locking keys (, , or ) are pressed. A high-pitched sound plays when the keys are switched on and a low-pitched sound plays when they are switched off.
History.
Microsoft first introduced ToggleKeys with Windows 95. The feature is also used in later versions of Windows.
Enabling.
Press the key for 5 seconds. This feature can also be turned on and off via the Accessibility icon in the Windows Control Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="36538548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538548" title="Basa, Sudan">
Basa, Sudan

Basa (variation: Jabal Basa) is a village in Sudan. It lies northeast of Khartoum in Butana, upstream of Wadi Hawa, near Meroë and the Nile. Near Basa is a completely decayed temple which was excavated in 1907. It was built by Amanikhabale and probably dedicated to Apedemak, the lion-headed warrior god worshiped in Nubia by Meroitic peoples. Some fallen lion sculptures, each weighing two tons, were found by Francis Llewellyn Griffith. In 1970, five of the lion sculptures were recovered and placed at the entrance of the National Museum of Sudan, as were two stone frog sculptures. Griffith also excavated a limestone sundial which dates to Roman times. 

</doc>
<doc id="36538553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538553" title="Efraín Cruz">
Efraín Cruz

Efrain Cruz Gaytán (born November 1, 1978 in Tomatlán) is a Mexican footballer.
Career.
The midfielder has been with Ascenso MX side Irapuato FC for several seasons since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36538571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538571" title="SMU Mustangs football under Tom Rossley">
SMU Mustangs football under Tom Rossley

Tom Rossley was the coach of the Southern Methodist University's football team from 1991 to 1996. He compiled a 15–48–3 record, and was succeeded by Mike Cavan.
1995 Season.
SMU returned to the Cotton Bowl on a permanent basis for the first time since 1978. The Cotton Bowl was SMU's home stadium from 1932 through 1978, during which SMU rose to national prominence. SMU opened the season with an upset over eventual SEC West champion Arkansas 17-14. This was SMU's final season in the Southwest Conference, their home since 1918. SMU, along with TCU and Rice, would join the Western Athletic Conference for the 1996 Season.

</doc>
<doc id="36538580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538580" title="Peter R. Adam">
Peter R. Adam

Peter R. Adam (born May 29, 1957 in Pirmasens, Germany) is a film editor. He has worked on such films as "An American Werewolf in Paris", "Good Bye, Lenin!", and "Anonymous". Adam was one of the first to use digital editing tools. He won the "Deutscher Filmpreis" for editing in 1998 for his work on "Comedian Harmonists".

</doc>
<doc id="36538590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538590" title="Kasten">
Kasten

Kasten may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36538591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538591" title="Grigoris (catholicos)">
Grigoris (catholicos)

Grigoris (early fourth century AD, Caesaria Mazaca, Roman Empire – ca. 330 AD, Vatnik Valley, near present-day Derbent, Russia) was the Catholicos of the Church of Caucasian Albania ca. 325–330 AD. He is considered a saint martyr by the Armenian Apostolic Church.
Life.
Grigoris was born in Caesaria, Cappadocia and was the grandson of Gregory the Illuminator, an originally Parthian Christian missionary who founded and became the first catholicos (patriarch) of the Armenian Apostolic Church. In addition, both Grigoris' father Vrtanes and brother Husik were consecutive catholicoi of Armenia.
By 325, Christianity in Armenia had gained strength and Armenian religious leaders went on to proselytise the neighbouring states. According to the tenth-century author Movses Kaghankatvatsi, Gregory the Illuminator left Armenia to spread Christianity in Caucasian Albania, where on his orders there was built a church later to become the Amaras Monastery. He then ordained his grandson Grigoris, at the time only 15 years old, to become the patriarch of the Church of Caucasian Albania. The growing influence of Christianity and the Armenian Church greatly worried rulers of the neighbouring pagan principalities, who were unwilling to embrace the new religion. According to Faustus Byuzand, when Grigoris arrived in the Caucasian Albanian principality of Maskut (located along the northeastern Azerbaijani and south Dagestani shore of the Caspian Sea) to preach Christianity, its ruler Sanatruk (also known as Sanesan) of the local branch of Arsacides ordered him killed. Grigoris was trampled to death by mounted Maskut soldiers in the Vatnik Valley, near the present-day village of Nughdi 37 kilometres south of Derbent.
Grigoris' body was taken to the Amaras Monastery and buried in an unknown location. In 489, Vachagan III the Pious, King of Caucasian Albania, recovered Grigoris' relics and buried then in a tomb within the Amaras Monastery. Grigoris' place of death in Nughdi was marked by the construction of a chapel at an unknown date, later rebuilt into a church, and venerated by local Christians and Muslims alike.

</doc>
<doc id="36538606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538606" title="WCW Prime">
WCW Prime

WCW Prime was a professional wrestling show produced by World Championship Wrestling which aired on Mondays from 1995 to 1997. Along with "WCW WorldWide" and "WCW Pro", it was part of the WCW Disney tapings. The rights to "WCW Prime" now belong to WWE.
Format.
"WCW Prime" mainly featured mid-card matches. There wasn't much storyline advancement or main-event wrestlers on the show. Sometimes, matches from "WCW WorldWide" and "WCW Saturday Night" were featured, along with highlights from the major shows such as "WCW Monday Nitro". The main event was referred to as the "Prime Match of the Week" on-air. The show was hosted by Dusty Rhodes and Chris Cruise, who was later replaced by Tony Schiavone. The show was a little more relaxed than the other programs, with lots of comedy on the commentary. For instance, right before the "Prime Match of the Week", Dusty Rhodes would call it the "Moo Match of the Week" and moo on-camera because of a dairy sponsorship.

</doc>
<doc id="36538607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538607" title="Wang Anshun">
Wang Anshun

Wang Anshun (; born December 1957) is a politician of the People's Republic of China and the Mayor of Beijing. A native of Huixian, Henan Province, Wang is a graduate of Nankai University in Tianjin and has a master's degree in economics.
Career.
Wang Anshun joined the Communist Party of China in March 1984. He worked in the petroleum industry and was in charge of oil exploration in northeastern Jilin Province. From July 1999 to September 2001, he worked in the Communist Party Committee of Gansu Province, in charge of party organization. Wang was transferred to Shanghai in September 2001, and, in April 2003, he was promoted to the position of deputy party chief of Shanghai. In March 2007, he was transferred to the same position in Beijing, and, in January 2011, he additionally became chairman of the People's Political Consultative Conference of Beijing.
In July 2012, Wang's predecessor Guo Jinlong resigned from his position as Mayor of Beijing, and Wang Anshun was appointed Vice Mayor and acting Mayor. On 28 January 2013, he was elected Mayor of Beijing by the Municipal People's Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="36538622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538622" title="Grey Lock's War">
Grey Lock's War

The western theatre of Father Rale's War in northern New England was referred to as "Gray Lock's War". Grey Lock distinguished himself by conducting guerrilla raids into Vermont and western Massachusetts. He consistently eluded his pursuers, and acquired the name Wawanolet (also Wawanolewat, Wawanotewat), meaning "he who fools the others, or puts someone off the track." 
Grey Lock's War was not part of the conflicts between France and England. Unlike the continuing wars between France and England that involved local natives, often to their detriment, Grey Lock's War was fought by Native Americans for their own reasons.
Grey Lock, like the majority of his people, did eventually ally himself with the French. Ancient Jesuit records from Fort Saint-Frédéric, demonstrates that this great war chief, was known to the French as la "Tête Blanche" (White Head). He converted to Catholicism and was baptized under the French name of Pierre-Jean, while his wife was known as Hélène. They had a son and a daughter, Jean-Baptiste and Marie-Charlotte. Gray Lock's descendants today carry the family name Wawanolet.
Conflicts.
Massachusetts Governor Samuel Shute officially declared war on the Abenaki on July 25, 1722. Shute, who had ongoing political disputes with the Massachusetts assembly, abruptly sailed for England on January 1, 1723, leaving Lieutenant Governor William Dummer to manage Massachusetts involvement in the war.
On August 13, 1723, Gray Lock first entered the war by raiding Northfield, Massachusetts, and four warriors killed two citizens near Northfield. The next day they attacked Joseph Stevens and his four sons in Rutland. Stevens escaped, two boys were killed, and the other two sons were captured. 
On October 9, 1723, Gray Lock struck two small forts near Northfield, inflicting casualties and carrying off one captive. In response, Governor Dummer ordered the construction of Fort Dummer where Brattleboro, Vermont is now. The fort became a major base of operations for scouting and punitive expeditions into Abenaki country. Fort Dummer was present-day Vermont's first permanent European settlement, made under the command of Lieutenant Timothy Dwight. 
On June 18, 1724, Grey Lock attacked a group of men working in a meadow near Hatfield, Massachusetts. Grey Lock retired from the area and killed men at Deerfield, Northfield, and Westfield over the summer. In response to the raids, Dummer ordered more soldiers for Northfield, Brookfield, Deerfield and Sunderland.
On October 11, 1724, seventy Abenakis attacked Fort Dummer and killed 3 or 4 soldiers.
In September 1725, a scouting party of six men was sent out from Fort Dummer. Grey Lock and 14 others ambushed them just west of the Connecticut River, killing two and wounding and capturing three others. One man escaped, while two Indians were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="36538624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538624" title="Amy, la niña de la mochila azul">
Amy, la niña de la mochila azul

Amy, la niña de la mochila azul "(Amy, the Girl with the Blue Schoolbag)" is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa in 2004. Starring Danna Paola as "Amy", Nora Salinas, Eduardo Capetillo, Pedro Armendáriz Jr. and Tatiana.
Versions.
This telenovela is a remake of the Mexican movie "La niña de la mochila azul" produced in 1979 starring Pedro Fernández and Mary Rebecca. Was broadcast on TLNovelas, and was succeeded by the soap opera and Rebujos Alegrijes

</doc>
<doc id="36538627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538627" title="Bergersen">
Bergersen

Bergersen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36538648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538648" title="Iris aucheri">
Iris aucheri

Iris aucheri (Aucher-Éloy iris) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae, native to Turkey, Iraq and Iran, but also widely cultivated for its showy flowers. Growing to tall, it is a bulbous perennial in the Juno group of irises (multiple flowers per plant).
"I. aucheri" grows to tall, with crowded lanceolate leaves, producing several flowers in late winter or early spring. The flowers may be white, pale blue or dark blue, with a yellow splash on the falls. It requires neutral or slightly alkaline soil in a sheltered, frost-free spot, or it can be grown in an unheated greenhouse or conservatory. 
The Latin specific epithet "aucheri" commemorates the 19th century French botanist Pierre Martin Rémi Aucher-Éloy.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36538652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538652" title="Banganarti">
Banganarti

Banganarti is a small village in Sudan, about half way between the third and fourth cataract of the Nile. It is situated from Old Dongola, the capital of Makuria. Banganarti was an important Christian pilgrim center; the remains of a substantial medieval church are near the village (18.166736,30.784785). 
The large church in Banganarti was excavated by a Polish team of archaeologists in 2001. There are two successive church buildings, dating to the seventh century and the eleventh centuries. In the buildings there were several grave systems. The building is decorated with high quality murals. One of the world's oldest images of the Virgin Mary has been found in the Lower Church. Undecorated walls are covered with inscriptions in the Greek language, Old Nubian language or a mixture of both. The inscriptions mention a few so far little Nubian kings and other important persons, such as a queen mother, making them of historic importance. The latest inscriptions date to circa 1350, after which, the church seems to have been abandoned. 

</doc>
<doc id="36538656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538656" title="Symphony No. 1 (Dohnányi)">
Symphony No. 1 (Dohnányi)

The Symphony No. 1 in D minor, Op. 9, was completed by Ernő Dohnányi in 1901, when the composer was 24. Premiered in 1902, it is an early work by Dohnányi, and is his first full venture into orchestral writing (the 1896 Symphony in F was neither completed nor published). Although audibly influenced by the prevailing voices of the time, including Bruckner, Strauss, Tchaikovsky, Wagner, Mahler and perhaps most notably Brahms, the work nonetheless demonstrates a formidable handling of complex compositional techniques and is a notable precursor to what would become Dohnányi's distinctive neoromantic style. As with most of his public work, Dohnányi published the composition under the Germanized version of his name, Ernst von Dohnányi. The symphony is 50–55 minutes in duration.
Structure.
The work is structured, uncommonly for Dohnányi's time, in five movements. It opens with the customary fast movement; the next three are in a slow-fast-slow configuration, with two calmer movements on either side of a vigorous scherzo. The finale is the work's longest section, and ends in a triumphant conclusion.
The score is marked as follows:
Orchestration.
The symphony is written for an orchestra typical of the late-Romantic era:
Recordings.
There have been two major recordings of this symphony, both in 1998. Matthias Bamert, who had two years earlier conducted the premiere recording of Dohnányi's Symphony No. 2, directed a performance with the BBC Philharmonic with Chandos Records label; Leon Botstein conducted the London Philharmonic with Telarc label. The information of the two recordings is as follows:
In addition to these, numerous informal and unprofessional recordings have been made and are typically not available for purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="36538662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538662" title="Lancashire County Council election, 2013">
Lancashire County Council election, 2013

An election to Lancashire County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013. 84 councillors were elected from single-member electoral divisions by first-past-the-post for a four-year term of office. Electoral divisions were the same as those at the previous election in 2009. Elections were held in all electoral divisions across the present ceremonial county, excepting Blackpool and Blackburn with Darwen which are unitary authorities in a similar way to Greater Manchester and most of Merseyside. The election saw the Conservative Party lose overall control of the council, instead overtaken in number of seats by the Labour Party, without any absolute majority.
All locally registered electors (British, Irish, Commonwealth and European Union citizens) who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 2 May 2013 were entitled to vote in the local elections. Those who were temporarily away from their ordinary address (for example, away working, on holiday, in student accommodation or in hospital) were also entitled to vote in the local elections, although those who had moved abroad and registered as overseas electors cannot vote in the local elections. It is possible to register to vote at more than one address (such as a university student who had a term-time address and lives at home during holidays) at the discretion of the local Electoral Register Office, but it remains an offence to vote more than once in the same local government election.

</doc>
<doc id="36538666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538666" title="Silicon–oxygen tetrahedron">
Silicon–oxygen tetrahedron

A silicon–oxygen tetrahedron is the SiO4 anionic group, or a silicon atom with four surrounding oxygen atoms arranged to define the corners of a tetrahedron. This is a fundamental component of most silicates in the Earth's crust. A variety of silicate minerals can be identified by the way that the tetrahedra links differ, also by the cations present in the mineral.
Silicon–oxygen tetrahedra links.
There are five common silicon–oxygen tetrahedra links:
Independent tetrahedra.
In this group the tetrahedra don't share any oxygen atoms and are independent. Attraction between the tetrahedra and positive ions holds minerals of this structure together. The positive ions could be metal cations such as iron or magnesium. a common mineral in this group is Olivine.
Single chains.
In single-chain silicates, tetrahedra link to form a chain by sharing two oxygen atoms each. A common mineral in this group is Pyroxene
Double chains.
Double-chain silicates occur when tetrahedra form a double chain by sharing two or three oxygen atoms each. Common minerals for this group are Amphiboles.
Sheet silicates.
In this group tetrahedra all share three oxygen atoms each and in turn link to form two-dimensional sheets. This structure does lead to minerals in this group having one strong cleavage plane. Micas fall into this group, both Muscovite and Biotite have very weak layers that can be peeled off in sheets.
Framework silicates.
In a framework silicate, each tetrahedron shares all 4 oxygen atoms with its neighbours, forming a 3D structure. Quartz and Feldspars are in this group.

</doc>
<doc id="36538667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538667" title="The Screwy Truant">
The Screwy Truant

The Screwy Truant is a 1945 Screwy Squirrel cartoon directed by Tex Avery and released by MGM.
Summary.
The cartoon centers around an adolescent version of Screwy Squirrel, who skips school to go fishing, which caused Meathead Dog, as a truant officer to go around attempting to arrest Screwy, with various failures.
Cameo.
Red Riding Hood and Wolf (from Red Hot Riding Hood) made a cameo appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="36538690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538690" title="Salvesen">
Salvesen

Salvesen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36538691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538691" title="Christopher Weekes">
Christopher Weekes

Christopher Weekes (born 22 March 1980) is an Australian film director, film producer, actor, and screenwriter. He is best known for writing, directing and acting in the 2008 film "Bitter & Twisted" and for topping the 2009 Hollywood Blacklist with his spec screenplay "The Muppet Man".
Career.
In 2008, Weekes wrote, directed, and acted in the feature "Bitter & Twisted", which had its international premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival. It won the Australian Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress as well as being nominated for two Australian Film Institute Awards, an Independent Film Award and three MIFF awards.
In 2009, it was announced that Weekes would be rewriting the screenplay "Waterproof" for Legendary Pictures and director Kevin Lima.
Also in 2009, his spec screenplay "The Muppet Man", about the life and death of Jim Henson, topped the Hollywood Blacklist. It is currently in development with Walt Disney Pictures and The Jim Henson Company.
In 2011, it was announced that Weekes would be writing "Ponzi's Scheme", based on the book of the same name by Mitchell Zuckoff, for director Miloš Forman.

</doc>
<doc id="36538692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538692" title="Japanese New Left">
Japanese New Left

The in Japan refers to a 1960s Japanese movement that adopted the radical political thought of the Western New Left, breaking from the established Old Left of the Japanese Communist Party and Japan Socialist Party. In the 1970s the Japanese New Left became known for violent internal splits and terrorism, and its influence waned, but it continued to develop new political ideologies such as .
Origins.
In 1956 Nikita Khrushchev secretly denounced Stalinism in his speech "On the Cult of Personality and Its Consequences". This speech went unreported in official Party organs, so the Stalinist Japanese Communist Party did not offer any reaction. But copies of it circulated around the world and had a great impact on youth and student Communist organizations. In 1957 the Japan Trotskyist League was founded by young dissidents from the Communist Party such as Kuroda Kan'ichi and Ryu Ota, which quickly split into a Fourth International sect and an "post-Trotskyist, anti-Stalinist" sect called the Revolutionary Communist Party.
In 1958 a Maoist group split from the Communist Party advocating violent revolution. In 1959 the Zengakuren, where the violent radicals had concentrated, broke into the Diet of Japan during discussions of the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan, eliciting praise from a segment of the Japanese population. It was widely noted that the Old Left had not taken any such extreme measures, and thus the New Left began its ascendance.
1960s.
In 1963 the Revolutionary Communist League split into the Japan Revolutionary Communist League, National Committee (Middle Core Faction) and the Japan Revolutionary Communist League (Revolutionary Marxist Faction). In 1965 the Socialist Party's Youth Alliance developed a that rejected Trotskyism and advocated for Luxemburgism.
In 1968, a global "student power" movement reached Japan, coinciding with the renewal of the US-Japan Mutual Cooperation Treaty. Many of the New Left factions took the opportunity to occupy university buildings, halt classes, and make demands. They regularly battled against police and each other on campus grounds, donning distinctive colored helmets so that they could recognize fellow members.
In 1969, several anarchist groups were revised and formed. In the campus battles these groups wore , along with the "nonaligned" demonstrators, to demonstrate that they would not rally with any particular group.
1970s.
The US-Japan Mutual Cooperation Treaty was successfully renewed in 1970 and students returning to work left the New Left groups virtually deserted, with only career leftists remaining. The groups split into dozens of warring factions and internal violence, which had been occasional up until then, grew ever more severe. One of the factions further radicalized into the infamous United Red Army which killed twelve of its own members in self-criticism sessions. The Japanese Red Army which was responsible for Lod Airport massacre and several airport hijackings also formed in 1971.
From 1969 to 2003, from 1 to 4 people died every year as the result of internal conflict between New Left groups.
Anti-Japaneseism.
One major intellectual current among the New Left was Anti-Japaneseism, which responded to the Old Left's Anti-Japanism. The Anti-Japanism theory posed that Japan's actions since the Meiji period had been tainted by imperialism, and a new regime was needed. Anti-Japaneseism radicalized this argument by claiming that the Japanese themselves are evil and all traces of Japaneseness must be purged from the "Japanese" archipelago. Proponents of this theory believe that the only way to redeem oneself from the "oppressor and criminal Japanese race" is to fight against all Japanese interests. Anti-Japaneseism has been compared to anti-Semitism except that it is argued by members of the ethnic groups themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="36538694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538694" title="Yi Li (basketball)">
Yi Li (basketball)

Yi Li (; born November 7, 1987) is a Chinese professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Jiangsu Dragons of the Chinese Basketball Association. He is also a member of the Chinese national basketball team.
He played at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36538701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538701" title="Yi Li">
Yi Li

Yi Li may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36538705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538705" title="2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool A">
2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool A

Group A of the 2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II is one of four pools in the Europe/Africa zone of the 2001 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to Group I for 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36538708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538708" title="Victory Pro Wrestling">
Victory Pro Wrestling

Victory Pro Wrestling (VPW) is an independent professional wrestling promotion based on Long Island, New York. VPW hosts shows every month from the Deer Park Community Center, Deer Park, New York, and VFW Post 4927 in Centereach, New York.
History.
VPW crowned its first Victory Pro Wrestling Champion October 12, 2007. Jason Static defeated Grim Reefer in the finals of an 8-man single elimination tournament that also included Azrieal, Richie Tyler, Mack Daddy Flexx, Sabotage, Joe So Delicious and Javi-Air.
On May 16, 2008, Eclipse defeated Livewired in the finals of an eight team, one night, single elimination tournament to determine the first VPW Tag Team Champions that also featured Suburban SWAT Team, SAT, Pretty Poison, Joe So Delicious & Sabotage, Chopsaw & Nightmare, and the Funky Fresh Boyz.
VPW held its first ever Gold Rush Rumble January 10, 2009, to determine the first ever VPW New York State Champion. Nick Noshus defeated VSK, Sabotage & Jorge Santi in a fatal fourway.
Since then, VPW has held the Gold Rush Rumble with the winner getting a contract to fight for any open VPW championship. In 2010, tournament winner Ricky Reyes chose to fight for the VPW New York State Championship. In 2011, tournament winner VsK chose to fight for the VPW Tag Team Championships (choosing K-Funk as his tag team partner). In 2012, tournament winner "K-Fresh" Kevin Fulton chose to challenge former tag team partner Kevin MISTER Tibbs for the VPW Championship.
Along with the Victory Pro Wrestling Championship, VPW Tag Team Championships, and the VPW New York State Championship, VPW has a yearly tournament to determine the VPW King of New York. 
In 2011, VPW crowned their first VPW King of New York in a single elimination tournament featuring 12 wrestlers. EJ Risk was the first ever King of New York, and the only wrestler to be King of New York as he also won the 2012 tournament. However, a third crown was not in the cards, as he was beaten by former ConfluxXx partner Jay Delta in the 2013 King of New York tournament.
Championships.
Victory Pro Wrestling Championship 
VPW Tag Team Championships 
VPW New York State Championship 
VPW King of New York Tournament 

</doc>
<doc id="36538713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538713" title="Ottesen">
Ottesen

Ottesen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36538717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538717" title="Abraham Ávalos">
Abraham Ávalos

Abraham Josué Avalos Ceja (born January 29, 1991 in Jiquilpan, Michoacán) is a Mexican footballer.
He currently plays as a Forward for Irapuato FC. Abraham is also in Irapuato's Youth Team Along with his team mate Gustavo Guillen However both are frequently used in the first team. he is called "Pachu" by fans.
Career.
Avalos made his senior team debut on April 4, 2012 versus La Piedad in a 3-0 loss, wearing #55 on his shirt. he scored his first goal with Irapuato's senior team on March 24, 2012 versus Lobos BUAP in a 2-0 win, in that game he scored the two goals and he made the first goal 30 meters out. Avalos is still Playing for Irapuato's youth team in the Liga de Nuevos Talentos alongside his team mate Gustavo Guillen .

</doc>
<doc id="36538729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538729" title="Spanish ship Princesa">
Spanish ship Princesa

A number of ships of the Spanish Navy have born the name Princesa:

</doc>
<doc id="36538738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538738" title="Iris bucharica">
Iris bucharica

Iris bucharica (Bokhara iris) is a bulbous flowering perennial plant in the 'Juno' section of the genus "Iris". It is native to North East Afghanistan and Central Asia, but is widely cultivated in temperate regions. It grows to 25 cm, with lanceolate leaves, each bulb producing several flowers in spring. The flowers are white with yellow falls. Pure yellow forms are occasionally wrongly labelled as "I. orchioides" (a different species).
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36538747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538747" title="Larvotto (Hong Kong)">
Larvotto (Hong Kong)

Larvotto (（）) is an estate in Hong Kong, developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties, Kerry Properties and Paliburg Holdings, built and sales by Sun Hung Kai and managed by Kerry. Construction area is 180,000 square feet, nine buildings and a total of 715 tenement. Located in 8 Ap Lei Chau Praya Road, Southern District,H ong Kong. The opposite of Sham Wan,it get the occupation permit at the end of April 2011.
The shape of the Larvotto is a 320-meter sleek yacht-shaped design, one of the landmarks in the region. Its unique design was awarded "International Real Estate Award", "The best building of Hong Kong (Skyscraper)" and "Highly commended award", which organized by International Real Estate Organization, Bloomberg and Google.
Introduction.
Larvotto is located in East Ap Lei Chau,Hong Kong Southern District, next to the Aberdeen Channel. Close to The Aberdeen Marina Club, Ocean Park. Tower 1 and 2 can overlooking to Repulse Bay, Stanley, and other scenery. Near Marinella, Sham Wan Towers, South Horizons, Bel-Air and other well-known estates.
Before the project was officially named, it was called as Seaview Leighton Hill, because this is another project Sun Hung Kai Properties, Kerry Properties and Paliburg Holdings cooperate again after Leighton Hill. The English name "Larvotto" naming ideas is from western Europe Monte Carlo famous La Futuo Beach (Larvotto Beach). The Chinese name "南灣" naming ideas is from South Bay Beach,Hong Kong Island. Its also one of the richest residential areas in Hong Kong.
Residential flats start at 7/F, every flats have terrace and high ceilings which about 3.3 to 3.5 m. Some of the special units have swimming pool and roof.
Larvotto have 9 towers(no tower 4), and divided into three parts.
Its Club House name "Club Voyage",150000 square feet. In addition to the basic facilities and ample space for leisure, it also including private yacht services, training coach services, indoor and outdoor swimming pool, multipurpose playground, karaoke OK, entertainment rooms, spa rooms, advanced sea view restaurant, two ballrooms and three gardens. Also Larvotto has a pet park for households that have pets. A kindergarten is operated by Kindergarten Baoshan.
Sales and Leasing.
Larvotto sales by Sun Hung Kai,pre-sale 94% units in 2010. 2010 whole of Hong Kong champion for sale in real estate, sold about 674 units, of about 14.47 billion dollors. Sold 300 unit in 8 days,broken the sales record of the Hong Kong luxury residential. Average transaction price $30 million dollors. Parking space prices range from 1450000 to 1580000, pricing hit a new high in the same district.

</doc>
<doc id="36538753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538753" title="Riyandi Ramadhana">
Riyandi Ramadhana

Riyandi Ramadhana (born April 2, 1991 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Pelita Bandung Raya in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36538759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538759" title="Fentress">
Fentress

Fentress may refer to:
People:
Places:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="36538782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538782" title="Mark Conway (Australian footballer)">
Mark Conway (Australian footballer)

Mark Conway (born 20 May 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Conway, a tall forward, topped Central District's goal-kicking in 1996, with 57 goals. 
When Port Adelaide formed a squad for their inaugural AFL season, Conway was picked up from Central District as a zone selection, along with teammates Jarrod Cotton, Stuart Dew and Nathan Steinberner. He played just one senior AFL game for Port Adelaide, which was in round 14 of the 1997 season, against Hawthorn at Waverley Park. The 24 year old had five disposals.
He was a member of the Sturt team which won the 2002 SANFL premiership, over his former club Central District.

</doc>
<doc id="36538807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538807" title="William Yarbrough">
William Yarbrough

William Paul Yarbrough Story (born 9 May 1989) is a Mexican professional footballer of American descent who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga MX club Léon.
Personal life.
Yarbrough's parents emigrated from Texas to Aguascalientes, Mexico in the 1980s. He was born in in Aguascalientes.
Club career.
Pachuca.
Yarbrough started his career at six years old with Gallos de Aguascalientes. In 2005 he was invited for a trial with the under 17 team of C.F. Pachuca and later signed at the age of sixteen for the team. He played until April 2010 in the youth squad of Pachuca and was loaned out to his first senior team, Jaibos Tampico Madero. He was on loan until July 2011, participating in 38 matches during the Segunda División de México 2010–2011 season. In summer 2011 he joined Titanes Tulancingo on another loan. 
Léon (loan).
During the 2012–2013 season, he was loaned out to Club León from Pachuca, and didn't play a league match during the 2012 Apertura tournament. Yarbrough played his only match in the first round of the Copa MX Apertura against Dorados de Sinaloa. Yarbrough was the starting goalkeeper for Léon until the end of the 2013 Clausura tournament, playing 9 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36538831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538831" title="Ben Hur (Bitch Magnet album)">
Ben Hur (Bitch Magnet album)

Ben Hur is the second and final album released by the American post-hardcore band Bitch Magnet.
Release and reception.
"Ben Hur" was first released in 1990 by Glitterhouse Records. First issue of release came with a bonus 7" that contains the songs Sadie and Where Eagles Fly. In 2011, it was remastered by Alan Douches and released in a box-set containing with the rest of the band's catalog.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bitch Magnet

</doc>
<doc id="36538842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538842" title="Anti-Japaneseism">
Anti-Japaneseism

Background.
The Anti-Japanism theory posed that Japan's actions since the Meiji period had been tainted by imperialism, and a new regime was needed. According to Anti-Japanism, Japan's moral failure can be redeemed if the Imperial family is purged and the country forcibly transitioned to a communist "people's republic". Anti-Japaneseism radicalized this argument by claiming that even communist revolution could not redeem Japan because the Japanese themselves possess an inherent "aggressive nature". Proponents of this theory believe that the only way to redeem oneself from the "oppressor and criminal Japanese race" is to fight against all Japanese interests until the "Japanese" archipelago has been purged of anything Japanese.
Historical thesis.
According to Anti-Japaneseism, the original inhabitants of the Japanese archipelago were anarchist agriculturalists, but were invaded by an equestrian tribe from whom the current imperial family descends. Those who resisted the conquest became burakumin. The suppression continued through the 19th century as the imperial regime conquered the Ryukyuans and Ainu. Thus, the history of Japan is defined as "a history of invasion and exploitation".
Final Solution.
The so-called "final solution" of Anti-Japaneseism is to wipe the nation called "Japan" from the face of the earth and exterminate the Japanese race. Because, as described in the above historical theory, Japan is inherently evil, the continued existence of Japanese people is incompatible with peace. East Asia Anti-Japan Armed Front member Yoshimasa Kurosawa affirms that he is not opposed to any particular Japanese political regime, but to the existence of Japan itself.
Strategy for Japanese ruin.
The East Asia Anti-Japan Armed Front has suggested a scenario which could lead to the ruin of Japan. They would invade South Korea and topple the current "pro-Japanese" regime, replacing it with a military regime that is openly anti-Japanese. Japan, owing to its naturally aggressive nature, would invade Korea in response, but then the Anti-Japaneseists could employ their terrorist networks to cause havoc in Korea similar to the Vietnam War and drain Japan's financial and political strength, which would facilitate its swift downfall.
Influence on Japanese society.
Since the eclipse of New Left influence this group has been thought of as a bizarre cult. The activist who came up with the name "Anti-Japaneseism" has since left the group and describes it as "Satanic". The journalist Toshinao Sasaki describes life within the group as "insane". The education scholar Akira Moriguchi calls it a "violent ideology" and self-contradictory.
It has been suggested, however, that this ideology has provided the basis for several ongoing leftist protests as well as Aum Shinrikyo's gas attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="36538846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538846" title="Firdaus Ramadhan">
Firdaus Ramadhan

Firdaus Ramadhan (born May 8, 1988) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Sriwijaya in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36538856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538856" title="Cedrelinga cateniformis">
Cedrelinga cateniformis

Cedrelinga cateniformis (the Wyra Caspi or huaira Caspi) is a flowering plant species in the genus "Cedrelinga". It is a common admixture in the psychoactive infusion ayahuasca.
It is present in Tapiche Ohara's Reserve, a reserve located in Tapiche District, Requena Province, Loreto Region in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36538880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538880" title="The Technovator">
The Technovator

The Technovator is the official college publication of Western Visayas College of Science and Technology, La Paz, Iloilo City.

</doc>
<doc id="36538906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538906" title="Bureom">
Bureom

In Korea, bureom is a collection of various kinds of nuts such as peanuts, walnuts, pine nuts, chestnuts, and gingko nuts. It is one of the most popular and traditional food during the Daeboreum (literally: "Great Full Moon"), a Korean holiday that celebrates the first full moon of the new year of the lunar Korean calendar. It is believed that to crack a nut in your mouth early in the morning on Daeboreum's day will help strengthen teeth, avoid allergies, prevent boils, and bring good luck for the coming year.

</doc>
<doc id="36538919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538919" title="2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool B">
2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool B

Group B of the 2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II is one of four pools in the Europe/Africa zone of the 2001 Fed Cup. Four teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to Group I for 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36538929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538929" title="1830m">
1830m

Album information.
The title "1830m" implies the distance from AKB48 Theater in Akihabara to Tokyo Dome, an indoor baseball stadium with over-50,000 capacity where AKB48 had performed for the first time, for 3 days from August 24 to 26, 2012. It is released in two editions, a regular edition coming in a special box with a 48-page photobook, a bonus DVD and a random photo, while the theater edition comes with 14 alternate covers, a handshake event ticket and a photo of an AKB48/SKE48/NMB48/HKT48 member chosen at random. This is also the last album to feature Team A member Atsuko Maeda.
Reception.
The album debuted at number one in the Oricon weekly album charts. In August 2012, the album was certified Million by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
Track listing.
CD1 contains the following first-time studio recordings, which have all been performed on team stages: "First Rabbit", "Miniskirt no Yōsei", "Lemon no Toshigoro", "Ren'ai Sōsenkyo", "Romance Kakurenbo" and B-sides which only appeared on theater editions of their singles which are "Jung ya Freud no Baai" (from "Give Me Five!"), "Hashire! Penguin" (from "Ue kara Mariko"), "Yasai Uranai" (from "Flying Get"), Anti (from "Everyday, Katyusha"), "Ōgon Center" (from "Sakura no Ki ni Narō") and "Tsubomitachi" (from "Kaze wa Fuiteiru").
CD2 contains sixteen new songs, plus Atsuko Maeda's solo version of "Sakura no Hanabiratachi"
Regular Edition.
The DVD contains a set of 2:30 choreography videos (different angles, etc.) for each of the 4 songs.
Theater Edition.
Same as on the Regular Edition
13 tracks, same as on the Regular Edition minus 4 commercial tie-up tracks: "Daiji na Jikan", "Gū Gū Onaka", "Yasashisa no Chizu", and "Itterasshai".

</doc>
<doc id="36538932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538932" title="2004 Fed Cup World Group Play-offs">
2004 Fed Cup World Group Play-offs

The 2004 World Group Play-offs decides which nations will feature in World Group in the 2005 Fed Cup. The play-off winners will go on to feature in World Group in 2005, while the losing nations will join Zonal Competition for 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36538941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538941" title="Daniel Grabauskas">
Daniel Grabauskas

Daniel Anthony Grabauskas (born June 27, 1963) is an American transportation executive and government figure, who is the executive director and CEO of the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation (HART).
Early life and education.
Grabauskas was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. He is the eldest of four children (sisters Lisa, Karen, and brother David). His father, Drasutis Antanas "Tony" Grabauskas, was a native of Lithuania who emigrated to the United States with his parents in 1949 and died in 2010. His mother, Patricia (Sheehan) Grabauskas-Caruso, is a native of Milbury, Massachusetts. Grabauskas grew up in the Central Massachusetts towns of Sutton and Auburn. He attended St. John's High School, received his BA from the College of the Holy Cross and his MBA from Cornell University's Johnson School of Management.
Early career.
Grabauskas began his government career in 1987 on the staff of Massachusetts State Senator Mary L. Padula (R-Lunenburg) and soon became her chief of staff. After Padula's appointment as Massachusetts Secretary of the Executive Office of Communities and Development (EOCD) in 1991, he briefly worked as chief of staff for State Senator Richard Tisei (R-Wakefield) before joining Padula as a Deputy Secretary of EOCD from 1991 to 1995. He then served as the chief of staff to the Massachusetts Secretary of Health and Human Services. From 1995 to 1996 Grabauskas lived and worked in Lithuania as the resident program officer for the nonprofit International Republican Institute. In 1997 he became chief of staff in the Massachusetts Department of Economic Development. From 1998 to 1999, Grabauskas served as the state's Director of Consumer Affairs under Gov. Paul Cellucci.
Registrar of Motor Vehicles.
From 1999 to 2002, Grabauskas served as Massachusetts' Registrar of Motor Vehicles. At the time of his appointment, the agency was described by the "Boston Globe" as "plagued with long lines and charges of mismanagement" and was considered a political liability after series of articles in the Lawrence Eagle-Tribune detailed the interminable waits at the Registry. During his tenure as Registrar, Grabauskas was able to reduce the average wait time at the agency from an hour and fifteen minutes to less than ten minutes. He also instituted the use of the Q-Matic queuing system, which allows customers to view their estimated wait times on customized tickets or online. In addition, the number of online transaction available to the public was greatly expanded, with online transactions rising from about 30,000 in 1999 to over 500,000 in 2002.
Campaign for State Treasurer.
In January 2002, Grabauskas resigned as Registrar to run for Treasurer of Massachusetts. He defeated Bruce A. Herzfelder in the Republican primary 53% to 47%. He lost in the general election to Democrat Tim Cahill 51% to 41%.
Secretary of Transportation.
After that loss, Governor-elect Mitt Romney named Grabauskas to his cabinet as Secretary of Transportation and Construction. He also served as a member of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority board. During his tenure as Transportation Secretary, the department employed a "fix it first" strategy" which prioritized repairs to existing infrastructure over the construction of new ones. He over saw the introduction of the first state-wide 20-year transportation plan. The plan directed that at least 75 percent of all new capital spending be focused toward maintaining and improving the state's existing transportation network with these funds dedicated to bridge repair, highway reconstruction, de-bottlenecking, intersection and interchange modernization and ensuring a transit system that is in a state of good repair. The plan also included limited transit expansions, prioritizing projects that earn federal dollars, win community support and encourage local contribution.
MBTA General Manager.
In 2005, Grabauskas resigned his position as Transportation Secretary to become General Manager of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA). During his four-plus years as General Manager, the MBTA switched its payment method from tokens to the CharlieCard, construction on the Greenbush Line was completed, and WiFi service was installed on commuter rail trains and boats.
In 2009, the MBTA bought out the remainder of Grabauskas' contract, citing the Authority's continuing financial problems, customer service complaints, and Grabauskas' handling of two subway accidents. Grabauskas' ouster, which was engineered by Governor Deval Patrick and Transportation Secretary James Aloisi, was criticized by the state Republican Party, who believed that the Republican-appointed Grabauskas was being used as a scapegoat. It was also criticized by Democrats Thomas Menino and Steven Baddour, with the latter describing it as "trying to settle a political score at taxpayers' expense".
After his departure, Grabauskas served as a senior fellow for public policy at MassINC and as chairman and senior strategic adviser of the Bronner Center for Transportation Management.
Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation.
In March 2012 Grabauskas was named Executive Director and CEO of the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation (HART) after he and the HART board of directors agreed on a three-year contract that includes an annual base salary of $245,000, a $36,000 a year housing allowance, a transportation allowance of $6,000 a year, and a potential $35,000 annual performance bonus. HART oversees the Honolulu High-Capacity Transit Corridor Project, the largest public works project in the history of the state of Hawaii. The project, scheduled to open in 2019, is a $5.2 billion, 20-mile long automated rail system that plans to operate a fleet of 80 rail cars and an infrastructure of 21 stations, a 43-acre maintenance and storage facility, three park-and-ride lots, and one park-and-ride structure.

</doc>
<doc id="36538954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538954" title="Capture of Oaxaca (1812)">
Capture of Oaxaca (1812)

The Capture of Oaxaca was a battle during the War of Mexican Independence that occurred on 25 November 1812 at Oaxaca de Juárez, Oaxaca. It was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, commanded by General Antonio Pío González-Saravia Mollinedo, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire, commanded by José María Morelos y Pavón. The battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican rebels.
Context.
While José María Morelos was in Tehuacán, Puebla, he discovered that loyalist Spanish troops were en route to attack him. He decided to regroup his forces and abandon Tehuacán. The organization of the rebel army under Morelos was under the following of his generals; Hermenegildo Galeana, Víctor Bravo Miguel Bravo, Nicolás Bravo, Juan Pablo Galeana de los Ríos, Mariano Matamoros y Guridi, and his colonels; Vicente Ramón Guerrero Saldaña (future president of Mexico), and José Miguel Ramón Adaucto Fernández y Félix. All of his forces were able to join together creating an army of over 5,000 soldiers and 40 pieces of artillery. This army proceeded to march to Oaxaca on 10 November 1812.
Before departing for Oaxaca, Morelos named the substitute for Leonardo Bravo who had fallen prisoner to royalist troops. He decided to promote Mariano Matamoros to Bravo's former position, naming him marshal of the army and Morelos' direct second in command, having to take control of insurgent forces in the event of Morelos' capture or killing. After his arrival at Villa de Etla, Oaxaca, Morelos developed a plan to attack the state capital at Oaxaca de Juarez. He sent an ultimatum to the Spanish defender of the city, General González Saravia asking for his immediate surrender. The message went unanswered and Morelos decided to take the city by force.
The Battle.
On 25 November 1812, the insurgent forces took position and began their assault. Colonel Manuel Montaño marched up the surrounding mountainside to the Cerro de la Soledad to cut the town's water supply and to impede any retreat in that direction by way of Santo Domingo Tehuantepec. General Hermenegildo Galeana took command of the vanguard; Miguel Bravo took command of the center column; Mariano Matamoros y Guridi commanded the rearguard. For his part, Morelos himself commanded a section of cavalry. A good portion of the infantry remained in reserve to be used if necessary later in the battle.
The fort at Cerro de la Soledad, which was at that time in Spanish loyalist control, was able to check the main advance for some time with its artillery cover barrages. Morelos, thinking that his position was unfavorable for attack, sent the colonels Ramón Sesma and Manuel de Mier y Terán to take the fort on the mountain. They attempted to move a cannon close to the fort to assist in their attack but soon discovered that they were under heavy fire from two sides and abandoned the gun. Morelos thereafter decided to simply reinforce the main advance by Mier and Terán until their objective was at last completed.
Once that position had been taken by the insurgents, the main attack on Oaxaca began supported by an eight-pound cannon. The royalist troops initially returned fire but as the battle progressed, they were unable to sustain the firepower until the town's defender ordered a retreat. The last skirmish, referred to as the "Juego de Pelota" (literally: ball game), was the taking of a fortified position that was surrounded by a moat and trenches. Insurgent forces were initially hesitant to advance on the well fortified position until Guadalupe Victoria hurled his sword across the pit exclaiming - "¡va mi espada en prenda, voy por ella!" ("There goes my sword, I will go and get it!"). Swimming across the moat, he incited his comrades to follow him, eventually taking the position successfully.
The loss of Oaxaca was a significant strategic victory for the rebel insurgents and a severe setback for the Viceroyalty of New Spain. For the insurgents, it signified the military prestige and prowess of Morelos as an effective battle commander and gave the insurgents a viable geographic position from which to control the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="36538955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538955" title="Ismail Abu Shanab">
Ismail Abu Shanab

Ismail Abu Shanab (1950-21 August 2003) was one of the founders of Hamas, and one of its three most senior leaders in Gaza. More specifically, he was the second highest leader of Hamas only after Sheikh Ahmed Yassin. He was also the political leader of Hamas, who argued strongly against suicide bombings and in favor of a long-term truce.
Early life and education.
Shanab was born in the central Gaza refugee camp of Nuseirat in 1950. His family was originally from the village of Al Jayyeh, a village near Ashkelon and Yubna. The family was expelled from the village and came the refugee camp in 1948.
He graduated from high school in 1966 and was accepted at then newly opened Bir Zeit University in the West Bank. However, due to the 1967-Arab-Israeli War and Israel's subsequent occupation, he could not attend the university. In 1972, he managed to go to Egypt to receive university education. He obtained a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering from Mansoura University in Cairo. After working four years in Gaza city, Shanab went to the US and obtained a master of science degree in civil engineering from Colorado State University.
Career and activities.
Shanab returned to Gaza city in 1977 after completing his undergraduate studies and he worked at the municipal council until 1981. Following the completion of graduate studies in the US Shanab began to work as an instructor in engineering at Gaza Islamic University. During this period, Shanab met with the Hamas founder Ahmed Yassin, Ibrahim Magadmeh and the Islamic Jihad founder Fathi Shiqaqi, and eventually, he joined Hamas. He was imprisoned in 1989 for his involvement in founding Hamas and being a deputy to Ahmed Yassin. On the other hand, Israel press statement argued that Shanab was detained since he had admitted to have participated in planning and carrying out the kidnapping and murder of an Israeli soldier, Ilan Sa'adon. He improved his religious knowledge base during the his time in prison. Shanab was freed in late 1996. After his release, he was elected as the head of the Palestinian Engineers Association on the list of Hamas in 1997. In November 1998, Palestinian police arrested Shanab and other top Hamas leaders, including Mahmoud Al Zahar, Ismail Haniyya and Ahmed Baher. Then Shanab began to serve as Hamas observer in the Central Council of the Palestinian Liberation Organization. He also became one of the spokespersons of the Hamas' political wing in Gaza. However, his role as spokesperson was not ordinary in that he was Hamas’s most visible spokesperson in the western media.
After suicide bombings killed 25 people in Israel in 2001, Palestinian police arrested Shanab and Haniya among the others in December 2001. Shanab participated in the 2002 and 2003 peace talks as a Hamas representative. He also functioned as Hamas’s link to Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas when Abbas was trying to persuade militant groups to stop attacking Israelis. Shanab was one of the supporters of ceasefire declared by armed Palestinian groups including Hamas and Islamic Jihad on 29 June 2003. The ceasefire was unilateral, called "hudna" in Arabic.
Shanab was the third-in-command in Hamas, behind late Abdulaziz Rantisi and Mahmud Zahar and in front of Ismail Haniyeh before his assassination in August 2003.
Views.
Abu Shanab represented the Hamas’s more moderate and pragmatic side, although he was subject to Yassin’s leadership and committed to Hamas ideology. Unlike Yassin, he supported a long-term ceasefire with Israel and a two-state solution. On the other hand, he argued that group decision is better than individual decision, even though the individual is right. Although he did not advocated suicide bombing attacks, he stated that it was a primitive weapon and added "But, it’s all we have and it’s less harmful than F-16s loaded with tons of explosives."
Personal life.
Shanab was married and had nine children, five daughters and four sons. His eldest son Hassan studied computer engineering in the US and his youngest son, Mesk, was two-years-old when Shanab was killed. Son Hamza Abu Shanab (born 1984) heads the Palestinian Assembly for Supporting the Syrian Revolution, a nongovernmental organization. Shanab lived in the community of Eshaikh Radhwan, north of Gaza City.
Assassination.
On 21 August 2003, Shanab and his two bodyguards were hit and killed by an Israeli helicopter missile strike while travelling by car in Rimal neighborhood of Gaza City. In the attack, an American made Apache helicopter fired three or four missiles at the car. The assassination occurred in retaliation for the suicide bombing of a Jerusalem bus on 19 August 2003, killing twenty mostly orthodox Jews, including six children. Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement after the assassination and described Shanab as a senior terrorist and Hamas operative.
The major consequence of his assassination was that the three-month ceasefire that had been declared in 29 June 2003 was terminated by Hamas, Islamic Jihad and Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades two days after the assassination, on 23 August 2003. The other consequence was that Hamas continued its suicide attacks that had been stopped for a while.
Funeral.
Nearly 100,000 people attended the funeral cerenomy for Shanab held in Gaza City on 22 August 2003. Ahmed Yassin along with other top Hamas leaders participated in the ceremony in the Omari mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="36538956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538956" title="Mount Billy Mitchell (Chugach Mountains)">
Mount Billy Mitchell (Chugach Mountains)

Mount Billy Mitchell is a prominent peak located in the Chugach Mountains, east of Valdez and west of the Copper River in Alaska. This mountain forms a prominent and easily visible landmark between mile markers 43 and 51 of the Richardson Highway, as the highway passes just to its west between Tonsina and the Thompson Pass (see photograph).
Mount Billy Mitchell was named for William "Billy" Mitchell (18791936), a brigadier general of the United States Army Air Service who is often referred to as the "father of the United States Air Force".
Naming.
In response to the Klondike Gold Rush, the United States Army established numerous military outposts throughout the District of Alaska. As a lieutenant in the United States Army Signal Corps, Mitchell was stationed in Alaska at that time. On May 26, 1900, the United States Congress appropriated $450,000 in order to establish a communications system to connect the many isolated and widely separated U.S. Army outposts and civilian Gold Rush camps in Alaska by telegraph. Along with Captain George C. Brunnell, Lieutenant Mitchell oversaw the construction of what became known as the Washington-Alaska Military Cable and Telegraph System (WAMCATS).
Construction of the WAMCATS system began in the summer of 1900. Stretching from Fort Liscum at Valdez in Southcentral Alaska to Fort Egbert at Eagle on the Canada–United States border to Fort St. Michael to Nome on the Seward Peninsula, construction crews completed the final overland connection south of Fairbanks on June 27, 1903. By the time WAMCATS was fully operational in 1904, the system included almost of overland telegraph cable, over of submarine communications cable, and a wireless telegraphy system crossing the Norton Sound to Nome. This telegraph line was the first to link American outposts in Eagle, Valdez and Nome with each other as well as to Washington, D.C. in the contiguous United States. Among the greatest logistical and technological achievements of its day, the WAMCATS included the first successful long-distance radio operation in the world.
A historical marker is located at a roadside highway turnout just north of where the Richardson Highway crosses the Tiekel River. Placed by the Alaska Department of Transportation & Public Facilities, the text reads (see photograph): 
Glaciers.
The climate of the Chugach Mountains is strongly influenced by its location close to Prince William Sound and especially the Gulf of Alaska. The Gulf of Alaska generates powerful winter storms which drive heavy precipitation northwards into southern and Southcentral Alaska, including the Chugach Mountains. More snow falls in the vicinity of Valdez—an average annual snowfall of —than in any other location in the United States. Over thousands of years, this snow has accumulated to form glaciers on Mount Billy Mitchell, especially on its north face, which is its leeward side. Despite this long-term glaciation and even in the face of continuing heavy snowfall (the winter of 2011-2012 saw record snowfall in this area), the rate of ablation has exceeded the rate of accumulation over the past few decades. Because of this, Mount Billy Mitchell's glaciers have retreated significantly in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="36538972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538972" title="Rachid Maâtar">
Rachid Maâtar

Rachid Maâtar (, born January 27, 1957) is an Algerian football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Nancy's reserve team.
Maâtar was an Algerian international, playing at the 1988 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36538977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538977" title="Physeterula">
Physeterula

Physeterula was a prehistoric close relative of the sperm whale from the Miocene. Its fossils have been found in Europe and the United States.
This large species is the most stemward physeterid, retaining functional upper teeth lacking enamel.

</doc>
<doc id="36538998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36538998" title="Helen Lowry Higher Secondary School">
Helen Lowry Higher Secondary School

Helen Lowry Higher Secondary School, Aizawl, or HLS, is a higher secondary school run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church at Aizawl in the Mizoram State of India.
History.
Helen Lowry School was opened on January 17, 1950, in the bungalow of the District Superintendent which is now the residence of the Governor of Mizoram. The school, which started off with ten students, reached the highest enrollment of 756 students in 1990.
In 1956, the Assam section of SDA permitted an extension up to class VII. In 1975, the Northeast India Section of SDA (Assam Section) recognized HLS, from Nursery to VII. In 1977, the Southern Asia Division of Seventh-day Adventists recognized HLS as Junior High school with its classes extending to class VII. In 1981, the Division recognized HLS as a full-fledge high school. 1976, the Government of Mizoram recognized the school as a junior High School; that is up to class VIII. In 1980, the Education Department of Mizoram recognized it as a full fledge high school (up to Class-10). The Mizoram Board of School Education (MBSE) recognized the school as a full-fledge high school. On the 26th June 2000, Director of School Education, Government of Mizoram, allowed the school to function for Arts stream as a higher secondary school.
Facilities.
There are physics, chemistry and biology laboratories. The School has a basketball court and a volleyball court.

</doc>
<doc id="36539027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539027" title="Mark Harwood">
Mark Harwood

Mark Harwood (born 8 April 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Harwood was the third player selected by Port Adelaide in the 1996 National Draft and ninth overall. The Tasmanian recruit didn't feature at all in the 1997 AFL season, but played six games in 1998, 13 in 1999, nine in 2000 and two games in 2001 as injuries curtailed his career.
In the South Australian National Football League (SANFL), Harwood played for three clubs during his career; South Adelaide, Glenelg and the Port Adelaide Magpies.

</doc>
<doc id="36539030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539030" title="Witiko (novel)">
Witiko (novel)

Witiko is a historical novel by Austrian writer Adalbert Stifter about the founding of the Kingdom of Bohemia in the 12th-century. Published in several volumes from 1865 to 1867, "Witiko" takes its name from its protagonist, the knight Witiko of Prčice, father of the Vítkovci dynasty. His descendants would come to play such an important role at the Prague royal court that they were called "the real lords of the kingdom."

</doc>
<doc id="36539043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539043" title="Gerald Auger">
Gerald Auger

Gerald Auger is an actor, producer, writer, entrepreneur and motivational speaker from Alberta, Canada, of Woodland Cree descent. He graduated from Grande Prairie Regional College in 1995 with a Marketing Management diploma and a Small Business Management certificate. He also became president of the campus’ Student Association, president of the Student Society for Alberta Vocational College and the Circle of Aboriginal Students, and received the Charles S. Noble Student Leadership Award from the Department of Advanced Education and the Province of Alberta.
In 1996 and 1997 Auger was awarded the National Native Role Model by the Governor General of Canada and spent the next two years visiting more than 30 communities across Canada, inspiring his aboriginal peers, relating stories about his experiences and bonding with locals through cultural events and ceremonies.
After being spotted at the opening ceremonies of the 1995 Canada Winter Games, Auger was given a supporting role in the 1998 film "Il mio West" (later dubbed "Gunslinger’s Revenge"), also starring David Bowie and Harvey Keitel. Filmed in Italy for Pacific Pictures, it was the first spaghetti western to use First Nations actors in aboriginal roles.
In 1999 Auger became the first aboriginal recipient of the Rotary International Integrity Award for the Avenue of Nations in Alberta.
Auger had a lead role in the 2002 National Geographic IMAX-production "", and the next year he played Crow Hunter in an episode of the four-part Hallmark Entertainment TV miniseries "Dreamkeeper".
In 2005 Auger had the supporting lead of "Soaring Eagle" in the first episode of the Steven Spielberg’s DreamWorks-produced six-part miniseries "Into the West"; in 2006 he completed the film "Klatsassin" with Stan Douglas; and in 2007 he was cast as "Chief Ambrose McQuinna" in the CTV-produced "Luna: Spirit of The Whale" with Adam Beach, Graham Greene, Tantoo Cardinal and Jason Priestley of Beverly Hills, 90210.
In addition to being in the opening and closing ceremonies for the Arctic Winter Games as "Anook the Rockman" for "The Heroes Journey" in 2010, Auger had a role in the cult classic "FUBAR 2" and played a Native guide and interpreter in "Western Confidential" (starring "FUBAR"’s Paul Spence) as well as a Native policeman in "The Plateau".
In 2011 Auger had a cameo on primetime series "Blackstone" and landed the lead role of "Pawnee Killer" who represents the Indian resistance in Entertainment One's historical western drama "Hell on Wheels", directed by David Von Ancken and filmed in Calgary.
Auger produced, wrote and directed the 2007 short film "Walking Alone" about the life of rapper Shawn Bernard, and the 2008 National Film Board of Canada documentary "Honour Thy Father" that tells the story of his conflict with the Anglican Church (which refused his late father to have a traditional native funeral), and won Best Film Representing Cultural Diversity at the Alberta Motion Picture Industry Awards in 2009.
In 2012 he wrote and produced the series "The Ancients" for Aboriginal Peoples Television Network and worked on the sequel to his film "Honour Thy Father—Our Journey Home", which deals with Christianity and Native spirituality in Indian country. He was also cast in the soon-to-be-filmed "Scattered Leaves: Legend of the Ghostkiller" and the horror movie "The Silent Darkness—The Rise of The Witch".
Auger has been featured in commercials for Pfizer Pharmaceuticals in Los Angeles and a South Korean car commercial for Magnus.
As owner and Chief Executing Officer of the business "Black Eagle Entertainment", Auger plans to produce films, television series and documentaries aiming to advance the status and expose the stereotyping of his people.
Auger is currently (spring 2013) working on his latest film project "Jesus in the Lodge - The Forgotten Truth of the Wilderness" where he explores the idea that the Son of God was the first Sundancer.

</doc>
<doc id="36539050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539050" title="Diandra (Finnish singer)">
Diandra (Finnish singer)

Diandra Danielle Flores (born August 12, 1994 in Hyvinkää, Finland), better known by her stage name Diandra, is a Finnish pop singer who rose to fame as the winner of the sixth season of the Finnish singing competition "Idols" in 2012. She is the youngest winner of Finland's Idols. Her debut album "Outta My Head" was released in July, 2012.
Career.
In Autumn 2004, when she was just 10, Diandra won Staraoke, a Finnish children singing competition. Her father is from Chile and her mother from Finland.
She made a TV comeback in "Idols" 2012. Immediately after winning "Idols", Diandra signed a recording contract with Universal Music and released her debut single "Onko Marsissa lunta?" followed by the English language "Outta My Head". 
Her debut album "Outta My Head" was released on July 5, 2012, only two months after she won "Idols". She was the second woman to win "Idols" after Hanna Pakarinen.

</doc>
<doc id="36539053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539053" title="Samir Ramizi">
Samir Ramizi

Samir Ramizi () (born 24 July 1991) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Servette FC in the Swiss Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539062" title="1968 in Japan">
1968 in Japan

Events in the year 1968 in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="36539071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539071" title="E D Thomas Memorial Higher Secondary School">
E D Thomas Memorial Higher Secondary School

ED Thomas Higher Secondary School, Thanjavur is a higher secondary school run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church near Thanjavur in the Tamil Nadu State of India.
Location.
ED Thomas Memorial Higher Secondary School is situated about 12 km from Thanjavur on 52 acres of land blessed with scenic and natural beauty.The pleasant climate and peaceful surroundings create an atmosphere for learning.
Facilities.
There are physics, chemistry and biology laboratories. The school has a volleyball court.

</doc>
<doc id="36539073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539073" title="Indryanto Nugroho">
Indryanto Nugroho

Indriyanto Nugroho (born September 14, 1976) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persepam Pamekasan in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division (LI).

</doc>
<doc id="36539085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539085" title="Green (Green album)">
Green (Green album)

Green is the debut album of Chicago pop band Green, released on Ganggreen Records in 1986.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jeff Lescher.

</doc>
<doc id="36539093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539093" title="Antonio Pío González-Saravia Mollinedo">
Antonio Pío González-Saravia Mollinedo

Antonio Pío González-Saravia Mollinedo (b. 11 July 1743 Salamanca - d. 2 December, 1812 Oaxaca de Juarez) was a Peninsular Spanish noble and Spanish loyalist Lt. General during the Mexican War of Independence. He is best known for his command over the defenses of the city of Oaxaca in 1812 when the Mexican insurgents under José María Morelos y Pavón captured the city for the independence movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36539096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539096" title="List of Chairmen of the Kostroma Oblast Duma">
List of Chairmen of the Kostroma Oblast Duma

The Chairman of the Kostroma Oblast Duma is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36539110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539110" title="Suryagarh">
Suryagarh

Suryagarh is a village in Mangraura block, Pratapgarh district, Uttar Pradesh, India with a population of 3147.

</doc>
<doc id="36539130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539130" title="You'll Never Take That Away">
You'll Never Take That Away

"You'll Never Take That Away" is the debut single by New Zealand singer-songwriter Jamie McDell. It was released digitally as the lead single from her upcoming studio album on February 20, 2012. "You'll Never Take That Away" was McDell's first single to ever top the Top 20 New Zealand Singles chart, and was certified Gold on May 28, 2012.
Background.
"You'll Never Take That Away" was composed and written by McDell, and recorded at York Street Studio in Auckland. In an interview with New Zealand radio station, "The Edge FM", McDell explained that the song is about enjoying life, happiness and not caring about what other people say or think about it.
Music video.
The music video was released March 4, 2012 and features McDell at a beach location in New Zealand. She describes the video as "light and summery", serving as an introduction to her life and interests. The video focuses on McDell's love for the ocean and "showing what I get up to in the summertime".
Chart performance.
"You'll Never Take That Away" was successful on the Official New Zealand Top 40, entering and debuting on the chart at #27 on April 2, 2012. The single climbed to #11 and spent a total of ten weeks on the chart. The single also topped the Top 20 New Zealand Singles chart (which features singles by New Zealand artists) on 30 April 2012, holding the top position for four consecutive weeks. The single was certified Gold on May 28, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36539136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539136" title="The Beautiful Game (disambiguation)">
The Beautiful Game (disambiguation)

The phrase "The Beautiful Game" is a synonym for association football.
The Beautiful Game may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36539160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539160" title="Wacky Races (2000 video game)">
Wacky Races (2000 video game)

Gameplay.
The game features all the characters from the series playable with their vehicles. The game has a variety of modes such as Arcade Mode, Adventure mode, and Battle Arena, and also allowed multi-player for up to four people. Voices for the video game's renditions of the characters included Jim Cummings as Dick Dastardly, Clyde, Private Meekly, Big Gruesome, Rock Slag, and Gravel Slag; Billy West as Muttley and Little Gruesome, Janet Waldo reprising her TV role as Penelope Pitstop, John Stephenson reprising his TV role as Luke, Scott Innes as Professor Pat Pending, Gregg Berger as the narrator, and the late Greg Burson as the Red Max, Sergeant Blast, Peter Perfect and Rufus Ruffcut. An expanded version of the game entitled "Wacky Races Starring Dastardly and Muttley" was later released on the PlayStation 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36539181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539181" title="Syllabus (disambiguation)">
Syllabus (disambiguation)

Syllabus most commonly refers to an outline and summary of topics to be covered in an education or training course.
Syllabus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36539184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539184" title="Jorge Cañete">
Jorge Cañete

Swiss interior designer born in Geneva, of Catalan and Andalusian origin.
Career.
Following a career in luxury products, he launched perfumes for Emanuel Ungaro, Bvlgari and managed the international development of perfumes by Thierry Mugler and Azzaro. He decided to express his creativity in 3D through interior design.
With a diploma in “Interior Design” by the London Metropolitan University and several architectural projects at studios in Rome and Geneva under his belt, in 2006 he set up his own studio: Interior Design Philosophy in Switzerland.
Whether for private houses, the stands of watchmakers or even for events such as the inaugural gala of the charity World Cancer his projects always emphasize a style full of poetry.
Awards and citations.
Published in numerous magazines for the 4th consecutive year, the poetical signature of this interior designer has been chosen by Andrew Martin International, the creator of the international Oscar for interior design. Each year he publishes his book “Interior Design Review” which brings together a selection of the most prominent current designers.
The Society of British Interior Design (SBID) offered him the title of honorary member. Jorge Cañete has also been a member of the International Interior Design Association (IIDA) since 2008.
In 2012, at the Maison et Objet fair in Paris, he received the “Global Excellence Award” for the best international residential project.
Teaching.
Jorge Cañete teaches at the Athenæum, the design and architecture school in Lausanne and conducts workshops for private individual.
Media.
In 2010, he was also a regular guest on the Dolce Vita (RTS1) TV set for a block on interior design during Muriel Siki’s programme. He is also co-author of the work Architecture émotionnelle, matière à penser - Emotional architecture, food for thought, written for the First International Colloquium on Emotional Architecture, organized by Barbara Polla, at which he participated in January 2011.
In 2012, he was published in the Oracom interior architecture book
Following on from different artistic collaborations, he has published artists Peter Wüthrich, Riccardo and Sandrine Barilla, Isa Barbier in several e-books in the “Interior Design Philosophy gives carte blanche to…” collection. 
The projects rewarded by Andrew Martin International have also been published in electronic format

</doc>
<doc id="36539188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539188" title="List of Chairmen of the Kirov Oblast Duma">
List of Chairmen of the Kirov Oblast Duma

The Chairman of the Kirov Oblast Duma is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36539202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539202" title="Passiflora tetrandra">
Passiflora tetrandra

Passiflora tetrandra, commonly called New Zealand passion vine is a climbing vine found in New Zealand. "P. tetranda" can grow up to 10 metres high where it can form thickets among other trees and shrubs. 
The leaves are alternate, dark-green and glossy, and have an oblong shape that narrows to a point. The plant produces orange fruit 25-30 mm long that are inedible by humans. Cream coloured flowers appear between October and December. 
The Māori name for the plant is kohia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36539219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539219" title="Temco D-16">
Temco D-16

The Temco D-16 is a 1950s twin engine civil aircraft from the United States. It was produced by conversion of a Ryan Navion to replace its single engine with two wing-mounted engines. It is commonly known as the Twin Navion, although that name is also often applied to a later similar conversion, the Camair 480.
Background.
The project began in 1951 as a requirement by Charles Daubenberger for an inexpensive replacement for the corporate Ryan Navion operated by his Dauby Equipment Company, to achieve better reliability while crossing high mountain ranges. He commissioned Roger Keeney of the Acme Aircraft Company to provide a solution, that evolved into a twin engine conversion of a Navion.
Design and development.
Jack Riley Sr. built the first model with a team of four. With encouragement from Lycoming, the 125hp Lycoming O-290 four-cylinder engine was selected for the project. Design changes from the basic Navion structure included strengthened wing spars, that supported engine mounts and other components from Piper PA-18 Super Cub, plus new engine nacelles, a faired nose section that replaced the existing engine and cowling, and a new vertical tail and rudder based on the existing horizontal stabilizer. During testing in 1952, the aircraft was initially named the X-16 Bi-Navion. On 10 November 1952, it was granted certification by the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA), after which it was renamed as the D-16 Twin Navion.
A second aircraft was converted for Jack Riley, who specified 140hp engines, and he purchased the production rights from Dauby. Riley Aircraft then started production of the Riley D-16 Twin Navion, that standardized the design with 150hp Lycoming O-320 engines and other improvements. In March 1953, after 19 conversions had been carried out, Riley subcontracted production to Temco Aircraft. Temco then purchased the sole production rights, and produced a further 46 conversions under the name Temco D-16. In September 1954, the design was upgraded to include 170hp Lycoming O-340 engines plus increased fuel capacity in wingtip tanks, officially named Temco D-16A but typically marketed as the "Riley 55" for the 1955 model year.
Operational history.
In 1957, after 45 conversions to D-16A specification, production ceased in the face of competition from more cost-effective new-build types such as the Piper PA-23 Apache. Many of the D-16 models were upgraded to D-16A standards. In 2012, about 52 Temco D-16 and D-16A models remain on the US civil aircraft register, and at least three are preserved in museum collections.

</doc>
<doc id="36539223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539223" title="Veli-Matti Puumala">
Veli-Matti Puumala

Veli-Matti Puumala (born 18 July 1965, Kaustinen, Finland) is a Finnish composer. He is currently (since 2005) the professor of composition at the Sibelius Academy.
Puumala studied composition in Helsinki under Paavo Heininen from 1984 to 1993 and in Siena under Franco Donatoni in 1989 and 1990. His musical style is rooted in European Modernism, but has been also described to contain stylised references to folk music and modal elements. In addition to instrumental and vocal music, Puumala has also composed a number of electronic works and one radiophonic work, "Rajamailla" ("Borderlands"), which won the Prix Italia in 2001. His piano concerto "Seeds of Time" was awarded the Teosto Prize by the Finnish Composers' Copyright Society in 2005, and in 2011 he was awarded the Erik Bergman Jubilee Prize "in recognition of his excellent, versatile work continuing the ethical and spiritual tradition of Modernism".
Puumala is also known as a musical educator: he has taught music theory since 1989 and composition since 1997 at the Sibelius Academy and was appointed as a professor of composition in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36539225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539225" title="Choirul Huda">
Choirul Huda

Choirul Huda (born on June 2, 1979 in Lamongan, East Java) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539235" title="Ade Dagunduro">
Ade Dagunduro

Adeola "Ade" Dagunduro (born May 22, 1986) is a Nigerian/American professional basketball player. 
College career.
After playing high school basketball at Inglewood High, Dagunuro then played college basketball at Mt. San Antonio College (2004-2005), Antelope Valley CC (2005-2007), and the University of Nebraska, where he played with the Nebraska Cornhuskers (2007-2009).
Professional career.
Dagunduro has played with Mitteldeutscher of the German League, Leuven Bears of the Belgian League and Virtus Roma of the Italian League.
Nigerian national team.
Dagunduro represented Nigeria at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36539255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539255" title="Spicer Memorial College Higher Secondary School">
Spicer Memorial College Higher Secondary School

Spicer Higher Secondary School, Pune is a higher secondary school run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Pune in the Maharashtra State of India. 
Location.
The Spicer Higher Secondary School is located on Aundh Road, about one mile West of Kirkee Railway Station, Pune, Maharashtra State. The city of Pune is a well-known educational, cultural, and industrial center. The school campus is seventy-acre country estate blessed with natural beauty and excellent farmland. It is bound at the North by the Mulah river and on the East by the Government Field Experiment Station. The temperature, climate and quiet surroundings are conducive for study and learning. 
History.
Spicer Memorial College was established in 1915 as a High School under the name South India Training School at Coimbatore, South India, with G. G. Lowry as the Principal. It was moved from Coimbatore to Bangalore in 1917. The institution was again moved in 1922 to a new campus at Krishnarajapuram, seven miles from the city of Bangalore. After twenty years at Krishnarajapuram in 1942, a new period began with the relocation of the College at its present site. The present Higher Secondary School had its origin in the campus in 1944. When the High School operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church at Lasalgaon, Nasik District, Maharashtra State was transferred to this campus. In 1954, the school obtained permission to send students for SSC examination of the Maharashtra State Secondary Board of Education in addition to the Denominational School Leaving Certificate Examination, which is conducted by the Department of Education of Seventh-day Adventists, Southern Asia Division. 
In 1956, the school was affiliated to the council for Indian School Certificate Examination, New Delhi and ISC Examination conducted at the end of 11 years of schooling. With the introduction of the plus two educational patterns in the country, the Council for Indian School Certificate Examination also recognized its programme. Therefore, the school now offers Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) at the completion of ten years and Indian School Certificate at the end of twelve years of study.

</doc>
<doc id="36539257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539257" title="Jim Matkin">
Jim Matkin

James G. (Jim) Matkin, Q.C. is a former British Columbia, Canada deputy minister of labour and of intergovernmental relations, former President and CEO of the Business Council of British Columbia, and a former British Columbia Law Society secretary and executive director. He was part of the team which drafted the British Columbia Labour Relations Board legislation in 1973, and he drafted the first human rights code of BC, floated the Non Obstante clause compromise that was adopted in the Canadian Constitution, and is credited with "cleaning up" the Vancouver stock exchange through his one man commission of enquiry.
Early life.
Originally from Alberta, He obtained his bachelor's and master's (law) degrees from University of Alberta and a Master of Laws from Harvard Law School and became a law clerk to a Supreme Court of Canada Justice and an assistant professor
of law at the University of British Columbia.
Professional life.
While a University of British Columbia law faculty member, he was invited to be part of a government-appointed Committee of Special Advisors assembled to draft legislation which became the Labour Code of British Columbia Act of 1973. 
At age 30, he became deputy minister of labor in British Columbia. He was then the youngest deputy minister in the history of BC. From 1981 he was Deputy Minister of Intergovernmental Relations. He left the bureaucracy July 1, 1983 with the congratulations of Honorable Garde Gardom: " Mr. Matkin has performed long and in a most dedicated fashion, under two different administrations, always in the interests of the general public of our province. He's been a dedicated public servant."
Non Obstante Clause.
Matkin's associate, Paul C. Weiler, a former BC Labour Relations Board head, had written a McGill Law Journal paper that recommended a Non Obstante Clause be inserted in the Canadian constitution. This would allow a Canadian province to "opt out" of portions of the new constitution. Matkin's staff altered a "no author text" to include this concept. The "no author text" (or a document with no author named) was circulated at a constitutional conference attended by Canadian first ministers and their staff. This clause bears close resemblance to the Notwithstanding clause that ultimately became an ingredient in the Kitchen Accord among most Canadian provinces and the federal government of Canada.
Later career.
"From 1983-93, he served as President and CEO of the B.C. Business Council..." He was also a director of the Bank of Canada, serving from 1992 to 1995. In 1996 Matkin was chosen to head a commission to oversee the reduction in size of the British Columbia fishing fleet.
Matkin was a committee of one who investigated and in 2004 "denounced" the Vancouver Stock Exchange "as a breeding ground for swindles and laid the blame at the feet of the B.C. Securities Commission".
"...is report served as an official wake-up call. The exchange began blackballing miscreant promoters, then merged with the Alberta Stock Exchange to form the Canadian Venture Exchange, and was later acquired by the more respectable Toronto Stock Exchange, resulting in the TSX Venture Exchange." 
Resignation from BC Law Society.
He was the executive director of the BC Law Society from 1998 to 2004.
On December 6, 2004, Matkin resigned. This came in response to concerns raised at the society that he had become involved with a junior company with two alleged stock offenders. "Matkin denied any improper conduct. He argued that offenders Gujral and Alexander had learned from their mistakes and deserved a second chance. He also said he sought and obtained assurances that Alexander would not promote the company's shares, only the technology." "There has never been any suggestion that Matkin did anything illegal. The issue is simply whether it was appropriate for him to be dealing with a company associated with Gujral and Alexander."
The then-president of the Canadian Bar Association, British Columbia branch, expressed regret that an enquiry did not occur due to Matkin's resignation. "I dare say it would have assisted all to know whether the Executive Director, given the leadership role inherent in this position, is expected to meet an elevated ethical standard, and if so, what that standard entails ... [resignation represents the loss of an important opportunity for the Benchers to articulate, for the profession generally and for the previous and next incumbent, the standards expected of the individual appointed to this key position in the organization." 
The BC Law Society dismissed a complaint of impropriety filed December 31, 2004 by a lawyer.
Legacy.
Matkin's legacy includes the BC Labour Relations board and legislation, changes to the Vancouver Stock Exchange,
and the first human rights code in BC.

</doc>
<doc id="36539264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539264" title="PSNA">
PSNA

PSNA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36539269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539269" title="Bunohan">
Bunohan

Bunohan is a Malaysian drama thriller film, written and directed by Dain Iskandar Said and released in Malaysia on 8 March 2012. The film features actors Faizal Hussein, Zahiril Adzim and Pekin Ibrahim in leading roles. Bunohan is the second film to be directed by Dain Said. Bunohan had its world premiere the Toronto International Film Festival 2011 where it was praised for its solid, visceral storytelling and arresting photography. 
The film was selected as Malaysia's official entry for the Best Foreign Language Film nomination for the 85th Academy Awards in February 2013, but it did not make the final shortlist. This is the second film to be submitted to the Academy Award since Puteri Gunung Ledang in 2004.
Bunohan received thirteen nominations for the 25th Malaysian Filem Festival and won eight, including the Big Five awards: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Story, Best Screenplay and Best Actor/Actress, the first time since 2003's KL Menjerit while being the second most awarded Malaysian Filem Festival all-the-time after Layar Lara. The film also earned four Malaysian Screen Award nominations, winning Best Picture and Best Screenplay, while being nominated for Best Director (Dain Said) and the Best Actor (Faizal Hussien).
They sent an entry to be nominated in the Oscar Foreign-Language Awards. 
Plot.
The film primarily takes place in the rural Malaysian town of Bunohan, which is located close to the Thai border. Adil (Zahiril Adzim) is a young kick-boxer who has fallen deeply into debt, with little hope of paying his creditors honestly. In desperation, Adil agrees to an illegal high-stakes death match at a boxing club on the other side of the border, but in the midst of the fight, with Adil losing badly, his best friend Muski (Amerul Affendi) bursts into the ring and breaks up the match, dragging Adil away. This upsets the promoters of the fight, and Adil and Muski return to Bunohan, where Adil was born and raised. The promoter of the fight sends a hired killer, llham (Faizel Hussein), to find and execute Adil.
Ilham reluctantly goes to Bunohan. It is then revealed that he was born and raised in Bunohan, but left many years ago. Upon returning, memories of loneliness and abandonment flood his mind, and he experiences waves of resentment and regret. As Ilham narrows his focus on his target, he learns that he and the fugitive boxer are actually half-brothers. He then finds his mother's grave in a piece of land near the beach and starts digging for her remains to give her a proper burial. However, he later finds out that his estranged family is planning to sell the land to a large corporation from the city for a huge amount of money. He goes all out to prevent this from happening. 
Meanwhile, after making his way back to his father's home in Bunohan, Adil discovers his long-lost elder brother Bakar (Pekin Ibrahim) has returned to look after their ailing father. Bakar, a successful young school teacher from the city has left his comfortable home in urban Kuala Lumpur and has also come home. Ostensibly a highly educated and respectable young man, he is in reality a greedy and ruthless person, but his motives are not benevolent. Bakar is determined to claim ownership of his father's land, and has plans that will bring disrespect to his family and community. He is determined to convince his father to sell the burial ground to the construction company.
Accolades.
Bunohan was recipients of a Netpac Award at the Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival and the Golden Hanoman at the 9th Netpac Asian Film Festival (JAFF) held in Yogyakarta. 
To date, Bunohan has won 8 accolades awarded by 25th Malaysian Film Festival, 3 from Kuala Lumpur Film Critics Society Awards and two from Malaysian Screen Award 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36539276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539276" title="Margaret Mahy Award">
Margaret Mahy Award

The Margaret Mahy Award, officially the Storylines Margaret Mahy Medal and Lecture Award, is a New Zealand literary prize presented to a person who has made a significant contribution to children's literature, publishing or literacy. Presented annually since 1991 by the Storylines Childrens Literature Charitable Trust of New Zealand, the award is named in honour of its first recipient, Margaret Mahy.
The Saturday closest to International Children's Book Day (unless this is during Easter) is called "Margaret Mahy Day" by the trust, during which they present the Margaret Mahy Award, as well as other awards. The recipient delivers a lecture during the ceremony, known as the "Margaret Mahy Lecture", which is subsequently published in the trust's yearbook, "The Inside Story".

</doc>
<doc id="36539297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539297" title="Lauren Ellis">
Lauren Ellis

Lauren Ellis (born 19 April 1989) is a New Zealand track cyclist.
Life.
Ellis rode the team pursuit at the 2008–2009 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics in Beijing with Kaytee Boyd and Alison Shanks, in a time of 3:28.044, becoming the fastest qualifiers. They went on to take the gold medal in a time of 3:24.421, setting the second fastest time in the world behind the 3:22.425 world record set by Great Britain at Manchester in 2008.
She won the silver medal in the women's points race at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36539317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539317" title="Jaki Byard Quartet Live!">
Jaki Byard Quartet Live!

Jaki Byard Quartet Live! is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Prestige label as two LPs and later reisued in 1992 as a single CD. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "The set, recorded live at Lennie's-on-the-Turnpike in Massachusetts, is a superior outing for all of the players... Recommended". Gary Giddins was also positive, and picked out "Twelve" from "the inspired quartet performances": "this piece has free episodes resolved by blues choruses, and Byard's comping is so vigorous that he makes the quartet sound like a larger band".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36539341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539341" title="Zaenal Arifin">
Zaenal Arifin

Zaenal Arifin (born on April 1, 1982 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539348" title="Avadan">
Avadan

Avadan is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the north of Çukurova motorway . The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Avadan is 298 as of 2011.According to village page, the village was founded in the early years of the 19th century. Main economic activity id fsrming. Fruits like citrus, grapes, apricots etc. are the main crops.

</doc>
<doc id="36539358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539358" title="Baltalı, Tarsus">
Baltalı, Tarsus

Baltalı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the south of Turkish state highway . The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Baltalı is 446 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36539359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539359" title="Tony Readings">
Tony Readings

Tony Readings (born 27 November 1975) is an English former footballer and coach who played for A.F.C. Wimbledon and North Shore United. He is the manager of the New Zealand women's national football team.
Club career.
After playing Non-League football for Uxbridge, Brook House and Wembley, Readings attended trials for the new A.F.C. Wimbledon club in 2002. With Joe Sheerin injured, Readings then captained the club in its first ever League match; a 2–1 win at Sandhurst Town. In January 2003 Readings left to pursue a professional career in New Zealand.
On 14 February 2003 Readings helped North Shore United beat Napier City Rovers 7–2. The result was overturned to 0–2 because Readings was one of four guest players and New Zealand Soccer regulations permitted only three.
Coaching career.
Readings has coached the New Zealand women's national under-20 football team and is the coach of the New Zealand women's football team coaching the side in the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36539366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539366" title="Brice Etès">
Brice Etès

Brite Etès (born 11 April 1984 in Monaco) is a Monégasque athlete of French descent who is a middle-distance specialist.
Career.
He holds the national record in Monaco 1:47,61, reached at the 2010 IAAF Diamond League which was held in Monaco (9th) but his best time was 1 min 47 seconds 03 obtained while he did not already Monegasque nationality in 2008.
He qualified for the semifinals of the 800m at the 2010 European Athletics Championships after the fall of many opponents in his series. He won the Games of the Small States of Europe in 2005, 2007, 2011 (4th in 2009). He represented Monaco at the 2011 World Championships which was held in Daegu, South Korea, where he was eliminated in the play-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="36539379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539379" title="Camilimanda">
Camilimanda

Camilimanda is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains between Çukurova motorway and state road . . The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Camilimanda is 327 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36539382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539382" title="List of Mahama government ministers">
List of Mahama government ministers

This is a listing of the ministers who serve in the National Democratic Congress government of John Dramani Mahama in Ghana starting from 24 July 2012 following the death of John Atta Mills.
Ministers (July 2012 to January 2014).
Mahama became the President of Ghana following the sudden death of John Atta Mills on 24 July 2012. He was sworn in by the Chief Justice of Ghana Georgina Wood later the same day. A week after being sworn in as President, Mahama chose Kwesi Amissah-Arthur to be the vice president.
Changes in government.
Henry Kamel, Volta Regional Minister died on Christmas Day 2012 after diabetes complications.
This set of ministers, had all been appointed by President Mills and continued until January 2013 when his term would have ended. The exception was Henry Kamel, who died after the December 7 election but before the formal handover on 7 January 2013. The ministers were advised to stay on as caretaker ministers until new ones had been confirmed in their place.
Ministers (January 2013 onwards).
Nominations for vetting.
Following the swearing-in of President Mahama on 7 January 2013, the Parliament of Ghana vetted his nominations for Ministers of state from mid-January.
There were three sets of nominations submitted to the Parliament of Ghana in all for appointment as Ministers of state by President Mahama. The initial list contained 12 nominations A second list of 7 nominations were sent for approval about a week later. A third list of 12 nominees were added, including 6 Ministers of state at the Presidency. 2 further regional ministers were added to the list of nominees in early February 2013.
All the nominees for sector ministries were approved. The nominees for Ministers of state at the Presidency are listed below:
In addition to the list above, Paul Victor Obeng was to be a Senior Presidential Advisor at the Presidency. Three others were nominated to oversee priority projects of the President. They were Enoch Teye Mensah (MP), Alban Bagbin (MP) and Cletus Avoka (MP).
List of ministers from January 2013.
President Mahama swore in the first batch of seven ministers on 30 January 2013 following their approval by parliament. After the approval of more nominees by Parliament on 1 February 2013 and 12 February 2013, a further 17 ministers were sworn in on 14 February 2013. A number of nominated Ministers at the Presidency were approved by parliament on 15 February 2013.
Changes in government.
President Mahama on 11 March 2013 has reshuffled regional ministers he appointed into office for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="36539388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539388" title="Esenler, Tarsus">
Esenler, Tarsus

Esenler is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the south of Turkish state highway . It is almost merged to Yenice municipality. The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Esenler is 491 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36539391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539391" title="2012 Assam violence">
2012 Assam violence

In July 2012, violence in the Indian state of Assam broke out with riots between indigenous Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims. The first incident was reported to have taken place on 20 July 2012. As of 8 August 2012, 77 people had died and over 400,000 people were taking shelter in 270 relief camps, after being displaced from almost 400 villages. Eleven people have been reported missing.
On 27 July 2012, Assam's Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi blamed the UPA led national government for a "delay in army deployment to riot-hit areas". The next day, Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh visited the relief camps in Kokrajhar and called the recent violence a blot on the face of India. Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram visited the state on Monday, 30 July to review the security situation and the relief and rehabilitation measures being taken.
Lok Sabha member from Bodoland, Sansuma Khunggur Bwiswmuthiary blamed illegal immigration for the violence in the state. The Election Commissioner of India, H.S. Brahma, said that of the 27 districts in Assam, 11 of them will be shown to have a Muslim majority when the 2011 census figures are published. Singh was criticised for not dealing with the flood of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.
The violence and exodus of thousands of people from Northeast India reportedly led to a series of incessant protests in Assam, at multiple locations, during the months of August–September. The protesters' main demand was expeditious detection and deportation of illegal infiltrators from Assam. On 15 September, at a convention of non-political tribal groups, organisations representing Bodo, Dimasa, Tiwa, Deuri, Karbi, Garo, Rabha, Sonowal Kacharis and other tribal communities decided to form a coordination committee for the cause. The tribal leaders said that illegal immigration has threatened the existence, right to land and resources to all indigenous people of the entire state, and it was not limited to Bodoland alone.
Background.
The violence in 2012 followed ethnic tensions between the indigenous Bodo people and Bengali-speaking Muslims. While the Muslim community state that they are descendants of East Bengali Muslims brought to Assam during the British Raj, local communities allege that the Muslim population has increased, boosted by refugees from the erstwhile East Pakistan prior to the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and by subsequent illegal migrants from Bangladesh.
By the mid-1970s, increased competition for livelihood, land and political power led to frequent incidents of violence, including the Nellie massacre after the controversial 1983 state elections, which left nearly 3,000 dead, and other large scale clashes. These incidents resulted in resentment directed at India's central government, not only from Bodos, Rabhas, Tiwas, and other indigenous tribes-people for failing to prevent illegal migration, but also from the indigenous Assamese Muslim community for failing to protect the rights of minorities.
In 1998, Srinivas Kumar Sinha, who then was governor of Assam, had sent a report to then Indian President, KR Narayanan, explaining about the problems that the unchecked illegal immigration of Bangladeshis would bring to the integrity of India. In that report, he had highlighted the history that Assam was first claimed by Pakistan during 1947 and then by Bangladesh, due to its rich natural resources. The report raised worries about what might happen if the illegal immigrants gain majority and ask for secession from India. He also cited the "Greater Bangladesh project" which might entice the immigrants to merge those regions of Assam with Bangladesh 
Riots in Kokrajhar.
Ethnic tensions between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims escalated into a riot in Kokrajhar on 20 July 2012, when unidentified miscreants killed four Bodo youths at Joypur. This was followed by retaliatory attacks on local Muslims killing two and injuring several of them on the morning of 21 July 2012.
Central government response.
On the request of Sansuma Khunggur Bwiswmuthiary, MP of Kokrajhar, the Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh called the Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi, on 23 July 2012 and instructed him to do whatever was necessary to restore peace. The violence continued despite the efforts of the state law enforcement agencies, and on 24 July 2012, India's central government deployed paramilitary forces and 13 columns of the Indian Army to the affected districts. On the same day, shoot-on-sight orders and an indefinite curfew were enforced across Kokrajhar district, which also led to the death of four people when police fired at violent crowds in the Rampur and Chaparkata areas of Kokrajhar. The Army conducted flag marches and the disrupted rail services were resumed on 25 July 2012, under the protection of the central forces. Union Home Secretary R.K. Singh stated that there were signs of improvement and called upon the Assam government to immediately act against the "ring leaders" of both factions.
On 26 July, an indefinite curfew and the shoot-on-sight orders were enforced in Kokrajhar district, along with a night curfew in Chirang and Dhubri districts. On 26 July, the state's chief minister, Tarun Gogoi, announced the payment of ₹ 600,000 as compensation to the next of kin of the dead. Gogoi also announced that the people who were rendered homeless or displaced would be provided new houses at government expense. The chief minister assured the population that peace would soon return to the violence-affected areas. Singh visited the district of Kokrajhar to observe the situation on 28 July 2012 and offered support to the victims. The prime minister said that the Centre will "closely work with the state government to provide a sense of security to all affected areas to ensure that they can go back to their houses secure in the knowledge that their lives and livelihood are secure". Singh said ₹ 200,000 would be given to the next of kin of those who died and ₹ 50,000 to the injured. He announced ₹ 1 billion for relief and rehabilitation of the affected people in the six affected districts, ₹ 1 billion as Special Plan assistance for development programs in the affected areas and another ₹ 1 billion under the Indira Awaas Yojana. ₹ 30,000 each would be given to those whose houses were totally destroyed, ₹ 20,000 under the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund to those whose houses were partially damaged. The prime minister ordered an inquiry committee to be set up to look into the violence, and directed the state government to provide security so that the affected people can return home. On 28 July, Gogoi said that the late arrival of central forces, including the Army, assisted the spread of clashes in the state. According to the media reports, the Army was initially reluctant to deploy the troops and wanted clarification from the Defence Ministry on deployment because the situation "seemed to have communal overtones". When the situation deteriorated rapidly and another request was made, the ministry authorised Army deployment on 25 July 2012.
The Centre has authorized the Assam government to deploy more than 11,000 paramilitary personnel in the state's violence-hit districts and has dispatched a relief plane with medical teams and supplies. Central paramilitary forces are now out in full force in Assam; the deployment of 65 paramilitary companies has been ordered and 53 companies have reached Assam. Of these, five were sent on the night of 20 July. 7,300 paramilitary personnel were deployed in strife-torn Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts after moving them from other states in the wake of clashes between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims.
AIUDF leader Badruddin Ajmal claimed that the state administration was complicit in the violence and demanded a CBI inquiry into the riots.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, recommended a CBI probe into the clashes in BTAD and Dubri districts and claimed "internal and external forces were at work".
On 7 August 2012, the Centre ordered CBI probe into the continued ethnic clashes in the state.
According to the Times of India, some 14 Muslim groups which came into existence in the last 20 years are under observation by intelligence agencies after inputs suggested that their activities were "inimical to peace and social harmony". The organizations named are Muslim Security Council of Assam, United Liberation Militia of Assam, Islamic Liberation Army of Assam, Muslim Volunteer Force, Muslim Liberation Army, Muslim Security Force, Islamic Sevak Sangh and Islamic United Reformation Protest of India.
Criticism of the response.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and some senior Indian officials are said to have questioned whether the deployment of the Indian Army to curb the outbreak of violence was enacted fast enough.
CBI investigation.
On 7 August 2012, the Govt of India ordered CBI probe of the matter. CBI on 19 September 2012, carried out first arrests by arresting five youths in connection with alleged lynching of four former Bodo youths in Kokrajhar area on 20 July.BPPF MLA Pradip Brahma was arrested along with Mohammed Hashem Ali, Mohammed Adom Ali Sheikh, Mohammed Hashim Ali Rehman, Mohammed Qurban Ali Sheikh, Mohammed Imran Hussain. They were arrested after they allegedly confessed of their involvement.
Repercussions in other parts of India.
Pune.
On 8 and 9 August, some Manipuris were attacked in Pune. Students and professionals were beaten up by Muslims in Pune's Kondhwa and Poona College areas. Attackers asked victims which state they belonged to, and those who replied Manipur were beaten. One of the victims said some attackers wore college uniform while others were in casual clothes. Police arrested nine Muslim youths for the attacks.
Mumbai.
On 11 August 2012, a Muslim protest against the riots in Assam and attacks on Muslims in Burma was held at Azad Maidan in Mumbai. The protest was organised by Raza Academy, and was attended by two other groups, Sunni Jamaitul Ulma and Jamate Raza-e-Mustafa. It ended in violence; two were killed and 54 others injured, including 45 policemen. Police Commissioner Arup Patnaik said it was around 3 pm that the crowd turned violent, after some protesters displayed "provocative photos" of the Assam violence. "Some people started raising slogans against the police and media. They set fire to police vehicles," said Patnaik. "As we tried restraining the crowd, a scuffle broke out between the protestors and police." The Mumbai Police Crime Branch suspects that the riot situation outside Azad Maidan was part of a "big conspiracy". Crime Branch sources said the police are probing the alleged role of "outside agencies". Crime Branch officers said the police felt that the violence may have been pre-planned as the protestors were equipped with gear to torch vehicles, which they used to set fire to three media outdoor broadcasting (OB) vans and four police vans, one of which belonged to the riot control police. They also damaged several other vehicles, including BEST buses. At least 30 vehicles were damaged in the incident. The police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the crowd. Two of the OB vans belonged to ABP News and P7 news. Eight of the 45 policemen hurt sustained serious head injuries. The police claimed that "at least five woman police constables were molested by mob." There were also reports that a few of the rioters had stolen police weapons and fired in the air and at the police, but no casualties were reported. Some photographers were also reportedly injured during the violence. The police later claimed that provocative pamphlets were distributed during the protest, and they were investigating their source.
The Amar Jawan Jyoti memorial for martyred soldiers in South Mumbai was desecrated during the riot.
The President of the Raza Academy, Alhaj Mohammed Saeed Noori Sahab, said the "miscreants" involved in the violence were not associated with the academy. "Our protest was peaceful," he said. Noori stated that an "irresponsible" speech had been made during the rally, which the Indian Express claimed, exacerbated tensions. Noori said: “There were several persons on the stage. One irresponsible person made statements regarding the media coverage. He was immediately stopped and attempts were made to calm the situation. We had no idea that this will happen,” he said, condemning the attack on the media.
Riots at Azad Maidan led to panic in the nearby colleges and hospitals. Cama and Albless Hospital and St Xavier’s College went in lock-down mode to prevent rioters from entering their premises.
While condemning the violence caused by rioters, All India Secular Forum social activist Irfan Engineer blamed Raza Academy for being parochial in nature. Engineer said: “The riots have ruptured the lives of every person in Assam. It has nothing to do with Muslims, Hindus, Bodos or anybody. Raza Academy, while organising the rally, should have taken all measures to see that the crowd does not go out of control or infiltrators take advantage of it or that protest rally just does not become confined for one community and thereby score an advantage in the community itself.”
23 people were arrested on charges of murder and have been remanded to police custody. Raza Academy and Madina Tul Ilm Foundation were booked under section 302 of IPC. Police suspect that Facebook and SMS's were used to mobilise the mob.
The rioters were found carrying sticks, rods and petrol cans to the rally, so police suspect the riot was pre-meditated. They are investigating the source of the weapons. Police have found CCTV footage showing protesters pouring petrol on vehicles before setting them alight.
On 14 August 2012, Bal Thackeray chief of Shiv Sena and editor of Saamna newspaper published an editorial condemning the Congress-ruled Maharastra government for "bowing" before "anti-national" Muslims who went on the rampage in south Mumbai. He compared the violence with the 26/11 terrorist attack on Mumbai.
"While 26/11 happened all of a sudden, Saturday's violence happened right under the nose of the city police. Those who held south Mumbai to ransom are not just miscreants, they are anti-national Muslims. However, it is unfortunate that the police did nothing to control the crisis."
"The office of the police commissioner is barely 100 steps away from the place where the Muslim youths went on the rampage. They took away weapons from policemen, molested women, assaulted innocent citizens and torched public vehicles. Yet the police did nothing. Their bullets turned into chocolates."
A special team of 12 officers from the Crime Branch headed by an assistant commissioner of police will conduct the investigations. Two police rifles stolen by the mob were recovered in Amritnagar, Mumbra, in neighbouring Thane district. Only 19 rounds out of 160 rounds stolen have been recovered so far.
Andhra Pradesh.
Two labourers, Sudip Barman, 23, and Khanin Ray, 32 from Assam were attacked in Andhra Pradesh while traveling on the Ernakulam Express. One of the men sustained severe injuries and later died.
Uttar Pradesh.
On 17 August 2012, Muslim mobs resorted to large scale violence against mediapersons, bystanders, shops, vehicles and tourists in several cities including Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad. In Lucknow, after the Friday Namaz, a mob of 500 ravaged various landmarks of the city including Buddha Park, Haathi Park, Shaheed Smarak and Parivartan Chowk, and vandalized many statues including those of Gautam Buddha and Mahavira.
Attacks on people from Northeast and exodus.
In August 2012, 30,000 people from the Northeast region had fled Bangalore after attacks and threats of more attacks to come after Ramadan. Shiyeto from Nagaland, resident of Bangalore, was attacked by a group of people who threatened to kill him if he did not leave the city before Ramadan.
Cities of Pune, Chennai and Hyderabad also witnessed an exodus of people from Northeast. In the national capital Delhi, rumours that people from the Norteast will be targeted, particularly after Ramadan, started circulating.
Union Home Ministry has banned bulk SMS and MMS for 15 days to quell rumours and threats. Railways have introduced two special trains to meet the rush of people.
Singh called for maintaining peace at "any cost". Then Bharatiya Janata Party president Nitin Gadkari blamed illegal migrants for the attacks on people from Northeast. Gadkari said the violent mob in Mumbai had waived a Pakistani flag, made provocative remarks and vandalised the martyrs' memorial. He also condemned the attack on the media present and the assault on women police by the demonstrators at Azad Maidan.
DGP Dinesh Reddy of Andhra Pradesh State, said, "Police have been deployed at all localities with a sizeable North-East population, to boost the community's confidence. Besides, round-the-clock police patrols have been organised."
A policeman at Chennai Egmore station, where Howrah-bound trains from the South make a brief halt, remarked about the exodus: “The large crowds remind me of the arrival of Tamil refugees from Sri Lanka decades ago.”
On 18 August 2012, Bangalore police arrested three persons for sending SMSs and MMSs, to incite hatred against people from Northeast. Anees Pasha, Thaseem Nawaz and Shahid Salman Khan were arrested, and four mobiles, two computers and one laptop were seized from them. The culprits are believed to have shown clippings of violence in Assam and told a group of Northeast youths that they would face a similar fate if they continued to stay in Bangalore beyond 20 August.
In Coimbatore, police arrested a person identified as B Mohammed Sheik Hassain, for sending more than 200 hate SMSs. According to Hassain, a person named Anvar first sent him the message. Hassain has been charged under the IPC "for threat to national integration and creating public mischief", and under the Copyright Act.
Investigators traced the source of hate messages to Islamist groups such as Popular Front of India, Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami, Manita Neeti Pasarai and Karnataka Forum for Dignity. The SMS campaign was designed to create panic among people from Northeast forcing them to flee and to damage the social fabric and economy. The Kerala State Intelligence was asked to check the veracity of the report with respect to the PFI.
Bangalore.
Messages were circulated warning people of Northeastern states of India to leave Bangalore and other cities before Eid al-Fitr (the festival that marks the end of Ramadan) which was on 20 August 2012.
Special events were held by the Muslim community at the Jumma Masjid mosque in Bangalore with all the religious leaders present. An assurance was given by Anwar Sharieff, chairman of the Jumma Masjid Trust Board, to people from Northeast that the rumors spread were baseless.

</doc>
<doc id="36539392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539392" title="Hacıbozan">
Hacıbozan

Hacıbozan is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) plains to the south of Turkish state highway . The distance to Tarsus is and the distance to Mersin is . The population of Hacıbozan is 229 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36539395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539395" title="Penelope Marshall">
Penelope Marshall

Penelope Marshall (born 27 July 1989) is a New Zealand representative swimmer. She won the silver medal in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 2010 Commonwealth Games alongside Lauren Boyle, Amaka Gessler and Natasha Hind. She won the bronze medal with the same team in the 4x100m freestyle relay at the same Games. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36539406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539406" title="Ogenyi Onazi">
Ogenyi Onazi

Ogenyi Eddy Nazi (born 25 December 1992) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Serie A club Lazio and the Nigeria national football team.
Club career.
Early years in Nigeria.
Onazi began playing football on the streets of Jos at a tender age in 1998. His football skills and abilities drew a lot of attention to him and afforded him the opportunity to play in some academies in the city.
His footballing abilities came to prominence when he moved to the city of Lagos to play for My People, a team founded and funded by Senior Prophet T.B Joshua.
Lazio.
Onazi joined Lazio in 2011, alongside his teammate, Sani Emmanuel. The pair trialled in Italy following their impressive performances at the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup, in which Nigeria reached the final on home soil, losing to Switzerland.
Onazi was first promoted to the Lazio first team during the 2011–12 season after impressing at youth level. He made his Serie A debut as a substitute in the penultimate match of the season, replacing Senad Lulić in the 90th minute. Lazio recorded a 2-0 victory over Atalanta at the Stadio Atleti Azzurri d'Italia in Bergamo.
Under coach Vladimir Petković, Onazi was granted more playing time alongside Cristian Ledesma in a defensive midfielder role. Notably, Onazi started in a UEFA Europa League match against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane, which ended in a 0-0 draw.
On 7 March 2013, Onazi scored his first goal for Lazio against Stuttgart in the last sixteen of the Europa League. The game ended 2–0 to Lazio.
Onazi scored his first Serie A goal in a 3–1 win over Inter Milan on 8 May 2013.
International career.
As a 16-year old, Onazi represented his country at the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup, where Nigeria finished runners-up.
However, Onazi was overlooked for selection at the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup two years later, despite participating in the training camps in Portugal and Panama.
He made his debut for the senior Nigeria national team in an African Cup of Nations qualification match against Liberia.
Onazi's first goal came in just his second international match, a 3-1 friendly win over Venezuela in Florida.
He was called up to Nigeria's 23-man squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations. Onazi came on as a substitute in Nigeria's first match of the tournament against Burkina Faso, whom they would eventually face again in the final. Notably, Onazi played every minute of all Nigeria's games in the knockout phase, including the final.
He was selected for Nigeria's squad at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. but missed out of the tournament as he surfered a slight knee knock a few weeks before the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36539429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539429" title="Alyaksandr Matsyukhevich">
Alyaksandr Matsyukhevich

Alyaksandr Matsyukhevich (; ; born 2 April 1990) is a Belarusian footballer playing currently for Dinamo Brest.

</doc>
<doc id="36539431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539431" title="Fear &amp; Freedom">
Fear &amp; Freedom

Fear & Freedom is the third studio album by Australian recording artist Ricki-Lee Coulter, released through EMI Australia on 17 August 2012. The album is Coulter's first release since parting ways with her former record label Shock Records. Coulter had been working on her third album since 2009, under the title "Hear No, See No, Speak No", and was originally due for release in November 2009. However, Coulter cancelled the album's release due to unsuccessful singles. After taking a break from her music career in 2010, Coulter began working on new material for the album in 2011. Unlike her previous albums, "Fear & Freedom" incorporates up-tempo pop genres, ranging from dance-pop, electropop, drum and bass and trance. It also includes themes around love, self-empowerment and emancipation.
Upon its release, the album received positive reviews from music critics, who commended its production and Coulter's vocal performance. "Fear & Freedom" debuted at number seven on the ARIA Albums Chart, becoming the first top ten album of Coulter's solo career. The album was preceded by the lead single "Raining Diamonds", which peaked at number 19 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association. The second single "Do It Like That" peaked at number 13 and was also certified platinum. "Crazy" and "Burn It Down" were released as the third and fourth singles, respectively.
Background and development.
Coulter initially began work on her third studio album in 2009. Originally titled "Hear No, See No, Speak No", Coulter spent three months in Los Angeles and New York recording 40 songs for the album. "Hear No, See No, Speak No" was originally scheduled for release in November 2009, but was later pushed back to January 2010. However, following the two unsuccessful singles "Don't Miss You" and the title track, Coulter told her record label Shock Records to cancel the album's release. She explained, "They label got a lukewarm reaction to the singles they chose to put out, so it made sense not to release the album. I said I'd prefer the album not to go out than to go out and fail. It's my reputation on the line."
Coulter took a break from her music career in 2010 as she took on a full-time position as a breakfast radio presenter for Sydney's Nova 96.9, alongside Merrick Watts and Scott Dooley. After her contract with Nova ended, Coulter returned to the United States to work on new material for the album. Among those working with her were Billy Mann and Dave Shaw. She also spent time in Europe working on the album. In August 2011, it was revealed that Coulter had parted ways with Shock Records. Upon finding a new record deal, she sent copies of "Raining Diamonds" to several record labels. EMI Australia were impressed with the track and decided to sign her to their label. During an interview with "Nine to Five" in May 2012, Coulter spoke about the album, saying "I'm really excited for people to hear what I've been working on. This is a great pop album, it's full of singles, there's not one song on the album that doesn't have potential to be a single and I'm really proud of that." She also described it as "a very positive album".
On 25 May 2012, Coulter announced that the album would be called "Fear & Freedom". The album cover was revealed on 13 July 2012, showing Coulter striking a pose as a futuristic warrior princess in front of a purple backdrop. She stated that the cover's theme is reflective of the album's message, saying "The album is about unleashing your inner strength, rising above all the thing that ever held you back and being free to do whatever you want to do in life. So the cover has that really epic, empowered and almost superhero-esque feeling about it and I'm so in love with it!."
Composition.
Unlike Coulter's previous albums, "Fear & Freedom" incorporates up-tempo pop genres, ranging from dance-pop, electropop, drum and bass, and trance. The album includes themes around love, self-empowerment and emancipation. The opening track "Human" contains lyrics "about making mistakes and not being Superwoman". Ddegroodt of GloPop compared its melody to Agnes Carlsson's "Release Me" (2008), while Cameron Adams of the "Herald Sun" wrote that it recalls Katy Perry's "Firework" (2010). "Raining Diamonds" is a dance-pop song produced by Billy Mann. Coulter explained that the song is "about being empowered, about not standing for average, about not standing for people treating you bad, not standing for people taking advantage of you, getting out of shitty relationships and valuing yourself enough to say 'I deserve the best'". "Burn It Down" is an "uplifting" electropop song, described by Adams as "a radio-ready club banger bursting with Oprah-style self-empowerment".
"Do It Like That" was described as an "upbeat", "sexy" and "exciting" song, which has been compared by Andrew Tijs of Noise11 to Beyoncé. Ddegroodt wrote that the song revisits Coulter's 2007 single "Can't Touch It". "Crazy" is a drum and bass song, which contains lyrics about "letting the music take over your body and take control, losing your inhibitions and going crazy". Coulter described the song as "sensual and erotic". "On the Floor" contains lyrics about a "cheeky [...] ode of love making on the dance floor", while "I Feel Love" is about "a romantic happy ending". "World Disappears" is a trance song with dark themes. David Lim of Same Same described it as "a stroblit Ibiza-ready cut". Lim also described the final track "Bombshell" as "slow-burning", with lyrics that "reveal the sensual tones of a loved up, confident woman". Adams wrote that the song is similar to Zoë Badwi's "Freefallin" (2010). Nick Bond of the "Star Observer" noted that the CD bonus track "Left to Right" is a nod to Coulter's "R&B-pop roots".
Release and promotion.
"Fear & Freedom" was released through EMI Australia on 17 August 2012, as both digital download and CD formats. Coulter appeared on the breakfast television program "Sunrise" on 25 May 2012 to perform "Do It Like That" and "Burn It Down". She held a one-off show at the Beresford Hotel, Sydney on 30 May 2012, where she performed songs from the album. Snippets of unreleased songs from "Fear & Freedom" were uploaded to Coulter's official YouTube account on 2 August 2012. Coulter promoted the album through live televised performances of "Crazy" on "Australia's Funniest Home Videos" on 18 August 2012, and "Sunrise" on 20 August 2012. Later that month, she toured Westfield shopping centres in Chermside, Miranda, Parramatta, Southland, Whitford City and Carousel, performing songs from "Fear & Freedom" and signing CD copies of the album for fans.
Tour.
In September 2012, Coulter embarked on her Fear & Freedom Tour in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. A fourth show was added to the tour for January 2013.
Singles.
"Raining Diamonds" was released as the album's lead single on 18 October 2011. It peaked at number 19 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for selling over 70,000 copies. "Do It Like That" was released as the second single on 23 March 2012. The song peaked at number 13 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was also certified platinum. It also peaked at number seven on the Japan Hot 100 chart. The third single "Crazy" was released on 13 July 2012, which peaked at number 46. "Burn It Down" was released as the album's fourth single on 7 December 2012, and peaked at number 49.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Fear & Freedom" received positive reviews from music critics. Cameron Adams of the "Herald Sun" awarded the album three and a half stars, and wrote that "This sounds like a pop album should in 2012". Adams also highlighted "Raining Diamonds" as the "best moment" on "Fear & Freedom" and summarized the album in one word: "emancipated". Ddegroodt of GloPop praised Coulter for releasing "a faultless, refreshing new pop album which should earn her without a doubt the title of Australia's Pop Queen". She viewed "World Disappears" as the standout track on "Fear & Freedom" and suggested that the song has the potential to be a "global hit". Same Same's David Lim labeled the album as Coulter's "best and strongest body of work to date", and described it as "vibrant, triumphant and genuine". A writer for Take 40 Australia called "Fear & Freedom" Coulter's "most dance-friendly release so far".
Nick Bond of the "Star Observer" wrote that the album "stands head and shoulders above her previous efforts", and that each track has the potential to be a single. A writer for "The Hot Hits" noted that there are several tracks on "Fear & Freedom" that highlight Coulter's "vocal skills", and praised "the party starting tracks that will make you want to hit the dance floor". A writer for the Australian Recording Industry Association called it a "dance-heavy album", and wrote "if you need an album that's a poppy-party-starter this might just be what you're after!". A reviewer for "NW" magazine commented, "If you ever doubted it ["Fear & Freedom"], we'll tell you straight [...] Ricki-Lee is the real deal". Ara Jensen of "The West Australian" wrote that the album features "some of the most self-assured and thumping vocal performances" of Coulter's career. However, Jensen felt that some of the tracks were "a little uncomfortable" to listen to. Jamie Horne of "The Border Mail" described "Fear & Freedom" as "anthemic" and noted it as a "positive pop, mature pop" type of album.
Commercial performance.
"Fear & Freedom" debuted at number seven on the ARIA Albums Chart on 27 August 2012, becoming Coulter's first top ten album on that chart as a solo artist. The following week, the album dropped eighteen spots to number 25 and left the top fifty in its third week.

</doc>
<doc id="36539445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539445" title="Taufiq Kasrun">
Taufiq Kasrun

Taufiq Kasrun (born on October 12, 1985) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539461" title="Giacomo Badoer">
Giacomo Badoer

Giacomo Badoer (c.1575 – c.1620) was a French-born diplomat, of Venetian parentage, and pupil of Galileo Galilei.
Scientific interests.
Badoer studied mathematics with Galileo in Padua in 1598/9. He later supported Galileo in 1607, in a priority dispute with Baldassare Capra over the invention of a military compass. 
Badoer was one of the correspondents of Paolo Sarpi in Venice, who towards the end of 1608 was making enquiries about the invention in the Netherlands of the telescope. Badoer wrote back in Spring 1609 from Paris to Sarpi with news of the commercial telescopes then being sold; it is said that Galileo heard of the new product via this route, around July 1609. He mentioned Badoer as his source in "Sidereus Nuncius".
Badoer remained close to Galileo, according to Élie Diodati, writing around 1620, when Badoer was already dead.
Religion and diplomacy.
By upbringing Badoer was a Huguenot; he became a Catholic convert through the Jesuit Pierre Coton, at some point in the period 1599 to 1603, and by this connection became a diplomat in the service of Henry IV of France. One mission was to Cleves in 1609, at the time of the Jülich-Cleves War. Sarpi, who in 1609 wrote to Badoer in confiding terms, broke with him around 1610: he then described Badoer as an atheist, and Francesco Castrino of Sarpi's network wrote obscene poems about him (Badoer was a reputed homosexual).

</doc>
<doc id="36539463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539463" title="Lancia Beta (van)">
Lancia Beta (van)

The Lancia Beta "Autocarro" is a small commercial vehicle produced by the Italian company Lancia between 1950 to 1961. It was sold as the Z10 short wheelbase and Z11 long wheelbase model, and a rarer three-axle Z12 version. 
The Beta is a forward control layout, and was sold as a van, minibus, ambulance and pickup. In total, 6,700 of all of the versions were produced.
Beta.
The Beta was launched with an innovative U-shaped four-cylinder engine, with a 1.9 litre (1908 cc) capacity producing .
In 1953, a new 2.0 litre (1963 cc) two-cylinder two-stroke engine built under licence from Detroit Diesel was available, producing .
Beta 190.
The 190 is a light commercial vehicle with two seats and designed for carrying light goods. It uses a body from coachbuilders Viberti. This version of the vehicle has an engine rated at 35HP and a maximum speed of 52km/h.
The truck had a version with a tilt back for transporting products. It was used for transport in the milk system in north part of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36539465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539465" title="Amaka Gessler">
Amaka Gessler

Amaka Gessler (born 24 April 1990) is a New Zealand representative swimmer. She won the silver medal in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 2010 Commonwealth Games alongside Lauren Boyle, Natasha Hind and Penelope Marshall. She won the bronze medal with the same team in the 4x100m freestyle relay at the same Games. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36539474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539474" title="Akademikerförbundet SSR">
Akademikerförbundet SSR

Akademikerförbundet SSR (in English 'The Union for Professionals') is the Swedish association for university graduates in public administration, social science, political science, behavioral science, human resource management or social work. The union organizes 63,000 members in both public and private sector. The organization consists of more than 300 local and regional organizations with one national office based in Stockholm.
Akademikerförbundet SSR is a member of the Swedish Confederation of Professional Associations (in Swedish SACO), a politically independent confederation of 22 unions of university graduates with totally approximately 600,000 members.
Akademikerförbundet SSR is also a member of Public Services International (PSI) and European Public Services Unions (EPSU).
The chair of Akademikerförbundet SSR, since May 2012, is Heike Erkers.

</doc>
<doc id="36539487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539487" title="Daniel C. Taylor">
Daniel C. Taylor

Daniel C. Taylor (born June 26, 1945) is an American scholar and practitioner of social change, with notable achievements in community-led conservation and global education.
In the words of Wade Davis, Taylor’s method was shown around Mount Everest in “the creation of a nature preserve, not administered by distant bureaucrats but protected by the people who dwelt within its boundaries. It was a bold idea, so novel that at every meeting Daniel was able to increase the size” until trans-border protection resulted for the entire Mount Everest and central Himalayan region encompassing an area larger than Switzerland connecting the ecosystems of China and Nepal.
Taylor is Executive Director of Future Generations and Future Generations Graduate School both of which he founded. He has established thirteen nonprofit organizations, twelve still thrive, five are in the US. Since 1993, he has been also a Senior Associate at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. 
He was knighted Suprabala-Gorkha-Dakshina-Bahu in Nepal in 1990, made the first Honorary Professor of Quantitative Ecology by the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1995, and decorated with the Order of the Golden Ark by Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands in 2004.
Professional significance.
Bill McKibben encapsulates his work, “The most interesting development expert I’ve ever met is a West Virginian named Daniel Taylor …. His mantra, based on a series of principles called SEED-SCALE, goes like this: Forget big plans. Development is not a product, not a target, not some happy future state … it’s a process, measured not in budgets but in how we invest our human energy.” 
His theoretical work on social change, SEED-SCALE, mentioned above by McKibben, represents a systematic approach to utilize humanity’s most available resource, that of human energy, as the primary force of societal mobilization. The work was launched by then UNICEF Executive Director James P. Grant, resulted in a first major publication in 1995, a second in 2002, and a third in 2012. The basic concept is that ‘seeds’ of human success exist in every community, even those considered destitute, and from these seeds fitted to local culture, resources, and ecology can be ‘scaled up’ grown both a rising quality of life and also extension out toward equitable improvement for all.
In education, Taylor explored experiential education during his twenty years leading The Mountain Institute. With Future Generations Graduate School two accredited Master’s degrees were started that utilize a global campus now extending to 31 countries. With the Green Long March in China, an environmental educational consortium was created with 50 Chinese universities.
In conservation, Taylor pioneered a method for community-based conservation that protects areas first by using political boundaries then within these environmental criteria to create management zones, a less costly, less confrontational approach within the World Network of Biosphere Reserves. In the USA, his efforts integrated private land with public lands near Spruce Knob the summit of West Virginia. 
In the Himalaya, his conservation initiatives include trans-border conservation between China and Nepal with a seven million acre initiative around Mount Everest that he directly spawned both the (Makalu-Barun National Park and adjoining Qomolangma national nature preserve. In eastern Tibet Autonomous Region, he and co-worker Chun-Wuei Su Chien led in working through the regional government the Four Great Rivers Ecosystem Plan (40 million acres that includes the Yarlung Tsangpo Grand Canyon plus seven protected areas coupled to land and forest management polices across the upper drainages of the Yangtze, Mekong, Salween, and Brahmaputra Rivers). With Su Chien he also led in establishing the Lalu Wetlands National Nature Preserve in Lhasa, at 1,600 acres the largest urban protected area in Asia, now a region completely surrounded by the city of Lhasa. Additionally, he led in setting up a range of community conservation initiatives in Arunachal Pradesh, India.
For the enigmatic maker of mysterious tracks in Himalayan snows, the yeti, after three decades of field research he was able to show ‘the abominable snowman’ to be the Asiatic black bear (Ursus thibetanus) which in its early life years spends time in trees and develops a “thumb-like” digit on its paw that then can make an overprint of hind paw onto front creating a human-looking, bipedal-like snowprint.
Additionally, Taylor has an interest in building innovative physical structures—a diversity of structures modifying the Mongolian yurt, two homebuilt airplanes (Varieze and Defiant), super-insulated homes and offices, electrical wind generators, and restoration of historic structures from an 1845 gristmill in West Virginia to three monasteries in Tibet.

</doc>
<doc id="36539503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539503" title="Natasha Hind">
Natasha Hind

Natasha Patricia "Tash" Hind (born 21 August 1989) is a New Zealand representative swimmer. She won the silver medal in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 2010 Commonwealth Games alongside Lauren Boyle, Amaka Gessler and Penelope Marshall. She won the bronze medal with the same team in the 4x100m freestyle relay at the same Games. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36539514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539514" title="Dedi Indra Sampurna">
Dedi Indra Sampurna

Dedi Indra Sampurna (born on April 2, 1986) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539525" title="OJSC VimpelCom">
OJSC VimpelCom

OJSC VimpelCom ( or full name , "OAO «Vympel-Kommunikatsii»") is a Russian telecommunications company started in 1992 when its co-founders, Dr. Dmitry Zimin and Augie K. Fabela II came together to pioneer the Russian mobile industry. Augie Fabela, who was then a young entrepreneur from the US, and Dr. Zimin who was a Russian scientist in his 50’s, together launched the Beeline brand.
OJSC VimpelCom is the third-largest wireless and second-largest telecom operator in Russia. VimpelCom's main competitors in Russia are Mobile TeleSystems and MegaFon.
OJSC VimpelCom's headquarters is located in Moscow. In 1996-2010, traded as . Now it is wholly owned by VimpelCom Ltd. holding.
History.
The company was founded in 1992 in Moscow, Russia.
The brand "Beeline" was created in 1993.
In 1996 OJSC VimpelCom became the first Russian company listed on the New York Stock Exchange ().
On February 29, 2008 OJSC VimpelCom completed a merger with Golden Telecom. In October 2008 OJSC VimpelCom acquired a 49.9% stake in Euroset, the largest mobile retailer in Russia and the CIS.
In 2010 the ticker “VIP” was transferred to VimpelCom Ltd. holding.
Restatement.
On April 14, 2005, the company decreased its net income in 2002 and 2003 as a result of this restatement : 2002 - $2.8 million or 2.2%, 2003 - $5.2 million or 2.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="36539538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539538" title="Marta Menegatti">
Marta Menegatti

Marta Menegatti (born 16 August 1990) is an Italian beach volleyball player.
Biography.
As of 2012, she plays with Greta Cicolari. They have qualified for 2012 Summer Olympics in London. They qualified for the quarter-finals by winning all three matches in group F and winning the first play-off match against Spain's Elsa Baquerizo and Liliana Fernández. In the quarter-finals they lost against United States' Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh. In August 2013 she stopped playing with Greta Cicolari. Her new teammate is Victoria Orsi.

</doc>
<doc id="36539542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539542" title="Benzenrade">
Benzenrade

Benzenrade is a Dutch hamlet located in the commune of Heerlen, in the province of Dutch Limburg. On 1 January 2008, the area, including the former village, had 9,872 inhabitants. 
Located on the border of the municipality and the city, it is between Ubachsberg (municipality of Voerendaal) and Amstenrade. On its north side, it abuts the neighbourhood of Welten. On the east, separated by the N281, is the neighbourhood of Heerlerbaan.
Urbanism.
Benzenrade is a linear village. While it is not part of the town centre of Heerlen, it is still considered part of the agglomeration. The area around Benzenrade, including Saint Joseph Hospital, was built up in the 1960s. Even though it is the site of a major regional hospital, Benzenrade retains its original village character. A spring at a nearby farm is the source of the Geleenbeek, which joins the Meuse River after passing through Nuth, Schinnen, Sittard and Susteren.

</doc>
<doc id="36539551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539551" title="François Pollen">
François Pollen

François Paul Louis Pollen (1842–1886) was a Dutch naturalist and merchant. He made major contributions to the study of the Malagasy fauna.
Biography.
Pollen was born on 8 January 1842 in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He had four siblings. His father M. P. Pollen (1806–1857) was owner of the distillery M.P.Pollen & Zoon in Rotterdam. In 1862, he moved to Leiden to study medicine but Hermann Schlegel encouraged him to study zoology. Together with his companion Douwe Casparus van Dam (1827–1898) he made an expedition to Madagascar which lasted from November 1863 to July 1866. They collected insects, fish, birds, and mammals for the Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie in Leiden. Thanks to his wealth Pollen was able to finance this trip by himself. Subsequently he also financed the field work of other naturalists on Madagascar without being directly involved. Further he collected animal and plant specimens on the Comoros and on the Mascarenes island of Réunion. In 1875, Pollen was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Georg-August University of Göttingen, Germany. 
Together with Hermann Schlegel he described the Madagascan fruit bat ("Eidolon dupreanum") in 1866. In the same year he described the Réunion Cuckooshrike ("Coracina newtoni") and again with Schlegel the vanga genus "Newtonia" in 1868.
Pollen's name is commemorated in the species epithet's of the Comoros Olive Pigeon ("Columba pollenii"), of the Pollen's Vanga ("Xenopirostris polleni"), of the Mayotte chameleon ("Furcifer polleni"), and the Madagascar coastal skink ("Madascincus polleni"). He died on 7 May 1886 in The Hague, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="36539552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539552" title="Lamia al-Hariri">
Lamia al-Hariri

Lamia al Hariri is Syria's former charge d'affaires in the Republic of Cyprus who defected to Qatar in July 2012.
Early life.
Hariri was born in Hama but originally from the province of Daraa. She is the daughter of the retired major general Mohammad Al Hariri, a former deputy interior minister. She is also the niece of Syrian vice-President Farouk al Shaara.
Career and defection.
Hariri was appointed to Nicosia as Syrian charge d'affaires in November 2010. Her defection was reported by Al Jazeera on 24 July 2012. Two members of the opposition Syrian National Council (SNC) confirmed her defection on 25 July 2012. Al Arabiya reported that she joined the opposition. She reportedly went to Qatar and she is still there. On 25 July 2012, her husband Abdelatif al-Dabbagh, former Syrian ambassador to the United Arab Emirates, also defected to Qatar and joined his wife, Lamia al Hariri. His defection was also confirmed by SNC spokesman Mohammad Sarmini. 
On 26 July 2012, SANA issued a statement of Syria Foreign Ministry, stating that Lamia al Hariri was not an ambassador, but a diplomat working at the Syrian Embassy in Cyprus and that her mission was to manage the Embassy's affairs until an ambassador or charge d'affaires is appointed. 
Her defection is significant, since it was the second defection of a Syrian diplomat in July 2012 after that of Nawaf al Fares.

</doc>
<doc id="36539554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539554" title="Borger A. Lenth">
Borger A. Lenth

Borger Arildssøn Lenth (born 13 December 1937) was a Norwegian civil servant, banker and lawyer.
He was born in Hamar as a son of triple jumper Arild Lenth (1904–1972) and Guri Bakke (1910–1989). In 1963 he married Hanne Kirsten Jenssen. He finished his secondary education in his hometown in 1956, and in 1962 he graduated from the University of Oslo with a cand.jur. degree. He was a deputy judge in Hamar and studied at the London School of Economics and in Lausanne in the 1960s. He also chaired the tennis group in Hamar IL in 1963.
His main career track, as a banker, started in 1965 in Den norske Creditbank (DnC). He was steadily promoted to managerial positions by chief executive Johan Melander, until Lenth became deputy chief executive in 1980. Melander retired in the same year. Lenth was deputy chief executive for two years, then became director of the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation from 1982 to 1984 and permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Development Cooperation from 1984 to 1985. He returned to his old position in DnC, but also took an MBA at Harvard Business School and was hired as chief executive of Eksportfinans in 1987. From 1991 to 1997 he was the chief executive of Christiania Bank- og Kreditkasse.
After that he was a partner in the law firm Hjort DA and bought the farm Svestad in Stai. Lenth has been chairman of Treschow-Fritzøe and BN Bank and vice chairman of Norsk Hydro, and a board member of Norfund. He also chairs Save the Children Norway since 2005, and was a member of the financial committee for the Ibsen Year. He is a member of the gentleman's clubs Det Norske Selskab and Det grønne Selskab.

</doc>
<doc id="36539558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539558" title="The Ghost and The Goth">
The Ghost and The Goth

The Ghost and The Goth is a 2010 Paranormal Romance young adult novel written by Stacey Kade and published by Hyperion Books. It is the first book in "The Ghost and The Goth Trilogy." The book follows two different view points, Alona Dare (The Ghost) and Will Killian (The Goth) as they try to help each other.
Plot summary.
Alona Dare was the most popular girl in school, at least she was until she was hit by a bus. Returning to the scene of her death as a ghost, she expects everyone to be upset over her death, but her classmates move on faster than she had hoped. The only person that can see and hear her is Will Killian, the school outcast and ghost-talker. Alona, used to getting her own way, haunts Will until he agrees to help her figure out how to cross over to the big white light that she keeps expecting. Will has problems of his own; every ghost in Groundsboro High, including a seething black mass of energy, knows that he can see them, and they all want him to carry out their final wishes. Will and Alona have to work together to get the ghosts to move on, and figure out what Alona has to do in order to move on to the white light.
Sequels.
"The Ghost and The Goth" is followed by "Queen of The Dead" and "Body and Soul"

</doc>
<doc id="36539564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539564" title="Evgeniya Belyakova">
Evgeniya Belyakova

Evgeniya Belyakova (; born 27 June 1986) is a Russian professional basketball player. She plays for Russia women's national basketball team. She will compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36539573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539573" title="Pavel Chelyadko">
Pavel Chelyadko

Pavel Chelyadko (; ; born 3 March 1993 is a Belarusian footballer playing currently for Dnepr Mogilev.

</doc>
<doc id="36539588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539588" title="Resin canal">
Resin canal

Resin canals are elongated, tube-shaped intercellular spaces surrounded by epithelial cells that secrete resin into the canal. They exist in the wood of the genera "Picea", "Larix", "Pinus", "Pseudotsuga" and "Shorea".

</doc>
<doc id="36539592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539592" title="Aris Alfiansyah">
Aris Alfiansyah

Aris Alfiansyah (born April 10, 1989 in Surabaya) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League. From the 2008 to 2010 he also plays for Persela U-21 and he scored 12 goals for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="36539595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539595" title="Eddie Dawkins">
Eddie Dawkins

Edward James "Eddie" Dawkins (born 11 August 1989) is a New Zealand track racing cyclist. At the 2010 Commonwealth Games he won the silver medal in the men's sprint and the bronze medal in the men's 1 kilometre time trial.

</doc>
<doc id="36539596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539596" title="Tatiana Popova">
Tatiana Popova

Tatiana Popova (born 17 September 1984) is a Russian professional basketball player. She plays for Russia women's national basketball team. She will compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36539603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539603" title="Mexico Squash Federation">
Mexico Squash Federation

Mexico Squash Federation ("Federación de Squash de México" in Spanish), is the governing body of squash federations and clubs in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36539614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539614" title="Natalia Vieru">
Natalia Vieru

Natalia Vieru (; born 25 July 1989 in Chisinau, Moldova) is a Moldavian/Russian professional basketball player. She plays for Russia women's national basketball team. She will compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36539634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539634" title="Natalya Zhedik">
Natalya Zhedik

Natalya Zhedik (; born 11 July 1988) is a Russian professional basketball player. She plays for the Russia women's national basketball team and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36539647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539647" title="List of Chairmen of the Council of People's Deputies of Kemerovo">
List of Chairmen of the Council of People's Deputies of Kemerovo

The Chairman of the Council of People's Deputies of Kemerovo is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36539667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539667" title="1606 in Ireland">
1606 in Ireland

Events from the year 1606 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36539668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539668" title="Cutler Regional Airport">
Cutler Regional Airport

Cutler Regional Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Cutler, a town in Washington County, Maine, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Cutler Regional Airport covers an area of 50 acres (20 ha) at an elevation of 55 feet (17 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with a gravel surface measuring 2,950 by 40 feet (899 x 12 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 19, 2010, the airport had 300 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 25 per month. At that time there were 4 aircraft based at this airport: 50% single-engine, 25% multi-engine, and 25% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="36539669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539669" title="Tirit of Armenia">
Tirit of Armenia

Tirit also known as Tirid (flourished 4th century, died 359) was a Prince from the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia.
Tirit was the son born to Artaxias by an unnamed mother, hence his paternal uncle was Arsaces II (Arshak II) who ruled as Roman Client King of Armenia from 350 until 368 and was a grandson to the previous ruling Roman Client Armenian King Tiran (Tigranes VII) who ruled from 339 until 350.
Tirit was most probably born and raised during the reign of Tiran. His father died at an unknown date during the reign of Tiran. Sometime during the reign of his paternal grandfather, the Sassanid King Shapur II launched a war on Rome and her allies, firstly by persecuting the Christians that lived in Persia and Mesopotamia. Shapur II’s war by capturing these territories began to dealt a severe blow to Roman prestige in the East. Eventually the Sassanid King with his army had invaded Armenia, taking the members of the royal family including Tirit as hostages as they were betrayed to Shapur II by Tiran’s chamberlain. Tirit with all members of his family had become Sassanid political prisoners in which his paternal grandfather was blinded and thrown into prison after Shapur II accused Tiran of collusion with Rome. 
The nobles of Armenia were infuriated by the brutality of Shapur II and his treatment of the Armenian royal family, took up arms and fought against Shapur II and his army with assistance from the Romans. They successfully drove Shapur II and his army out from Armenia. After Shapur II was defeated, he had signed a treaty and Tirit with members of his family were released from prison. As Tiran being depressed and blinded from his experience in captivity, had abdicated his throne and Arsaces II succeeded Tiran as Armenian King in 350. During the reign of Arsaces II, Tirit could have been seen as a potential successor to his uncle. 
Tirit’s paternal cousin Gnel married an Armenian noblewoman called Pharantzem of Siwnik’ (Siunik) from the Siunia Dynasty. Pharantzem was extremely well known for her beauty and modesty. Her reputation for her beauty had become renown and widespread to the point that Tirit had become passionately in love with her and desired her to be his wife.
Finding a way to plot against his cousin Gnel, Tirit approached their uncle Arsaces II and said to him: “Gnel wants to rule, and to kill you. All the grandees, the Naxarars and the Azats like Gnel and all the Naxarars of the land prefer his lordship over them than yours. Now they say, ‘look and see what you do, king, so that you can save yourself”. Believing the words of Tirit, Arsaces II became agitated and did confirm the statements of Tirit.
Arsaces II from then until Gnel’s death had a grudge against Gnel which he had frequently tried to persecute and plot treachery against him for a long time. From that moment Gnel was on the run with his wife from his uncle. Arsaces II did eventually kill Gnel around the time of the festival of Nawasard (which was held in August) as his falsely lured his nephew and his wife into Shahapivan a native camping place of the Arsacids which was below a walled hunting preserve based on a lie that Arsaces II wanted to reconcile with Gnel. When Gnel was captured by Arsaces II’s soldiers he was taken to a nearby hill of the mountain called Lsin where he was executed. After the death and burial of Gnel, Arsaces II issued an order to mourn the death of his nephew which Arsaces II weep and mourn for Gnel greatly while Pharantzem mourned so much for Gnel she tore off her clothes, was screaming and cried so much.
Now Tirit had successfully got rid of his cousin, he was unable to control his lust for Pharantzem. Tirit had sent his messenger to Pharantzem a note reading: “Do not mourn so much, for I am a better man that he was. I loved you and therefore betrayed him to death, so that I could take you in marriage”. In her mourning Pharantzem, raised a protest, pulling out her hair and screaming as she mourned that her husband died because of her. 
When the Armenians in particular Arsaces II heard the cries of Pharantzem, Arsaces II began to realise the plotting of Tirit and the senseless death of Gnel. Arsaces II was stunned in what happened and had regretted in killing Gnel. For a while Arsaces II, didn’t do anything to Tirit. Tirit had sent a message to Arsaces II stating, “King, I want you to order that I be allowed to marry Gnel’s wife”. As Arsaces II heard this he said: “Now I know for sure that what I have heard is accurate. Gnel’s death occurred for his wife”. Arsaces II planned to kill Tirit in return for Gnel’s murder. When Tirit heard this, he was in so much fear for Arsaces II he fled at night. Arsaces II was informed that Tirit had left and ordered his soldiers to find Tirit and kill him. His soldiers found Tirit in the forests in the district of Basen and killed him there.

</doc>
<doc id="36539671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539671" title="Tam O'Shaughnessy">
Tam O'Shaughnessy

Tam Elizabeth O'Shaughnessy (born January 27, 1952) is an American educator, children’s science writer, former professional tennis player, and co-founder of the science education company Sally Ride Science. She is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Sally Ride Science.
Early years.
O'Shaughnessy was born in San Andreas, California and attended Troy High School in Fullerton, California, where she was active in tennis. As a junior player, she was coached by tennis great Billie Jean King, who loved helping young players develop their skills, just as she had been helped by others. O’Shaughnessy went on to play on the women's professional tennis circuit from 1971 to 1974. She competed in the U.S. National Championships (now known as the U.S. Open) in 1966, 1970, and 1972. Her entry into the 1966 U.S. National Championships at the age of 14 came about by serendipity.
O’Shaughnessy was being coached by Dr. Robert Walter Johnson, a physician who played a key role in the tennis careers of Althea Gibson and Arthur Ashe. Johnson was an official of the American Tennis Association (ATA), an organization that promotes tennis for African-Americans but welcomes players of all backgrounds. During the summer of 1966, O’Shaughnessy, who is not African-American, competed in ATA tournaments in addition to U.S. Tennis Association junior events. O’Shaughnessy won the ATA national 18-and-under championship and so was automatically entered in the U.S. National Championship draw. O’Shaughnessy also competed in the 1972 Wimbledon Championships. During her tennis career, she was ranked as high as No. 52 in the world in women's singles on the Women’s Tennis Association rankings and as high as No. 3 in the U.S. in women’s doubles (with Ann Lebedeff). O’Shaughnessy holds national hard-court doubles titles in the junior division (with Ann Lebedeff) and in the women’s division (with Pam Austin).
Career and education.
After retiring from tennis, O’Shaughnessy was the founding publisher of the Women’s Tennis Association newsletter for several years before going to college to study biology.
O’Shaughnessy earned B.S. and M.S. degrees in biology from Georgia State University, and a Ph.D. in school psychology from the University of California, Riverside. She was assistant professor of school psychology at Georgia State University from 1998 to 2001, and then associate professor of school psychology at San Diego State University from 2002 until 2007. O’Shaughnessy’s research on preventive interventions for children with reading difficulties was continuously funded by the U.S. Department of Education starting in graduate school. She retired early to devote her time and energy to Sally Ride Science, and was named professor emeritus at San Diego State University.
O’Shaughnessy has extensive experience cultivating girls' and boys' interest in reading, math, and science. Besides being a former science teacher, she is an award-winning children's science writer. O’Shaughnessy began her science writing career in 1990, collaborating with Ride on a children’s book, "Voyager: An Adventure to the Edge of the Solar System". O’Shaughnessy has written 12 children’s science books, including six with Ride. Ride and O’Shaughnessy’s clear and eloquent writing style earned them many accolades, including the American Institute of Physics Children’s Science Writing Award in 1995 for their second book, "The Third Planet: Exploring the Earth From Space".
As a scientist and educator, O’Shaughnessy became deeply concerned about the underrepresentation of women in science and technical professions. Research shows that young girls like science and have the same aptitude for it as boys. But as they enter adolescence, more girls than boys drift away from science, in part because of subtle stereotypes and lack of role models. In 2001, Ride, O’Shaughnessy, and three like-minded friends – Karen Flammer, Terry McEntee, and Alann Lopes – cofounded Sally Ride Science with the goal of narrowing the gender gap in science. Their strategy was to create innovative programs and books to keep girls engaged and allow them to envision themselves as scientists and engineers. Sally Ride Science gradually broadened its focus. Today the company strives to spark the interest of all students – girls and boys of all cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds – in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) education and careers. O’Shaughnessy became Chair of the Board of Directors of Sally Ride Science in January 2013 and Chief Executive Officer in March 2014.
Before becoming Chief Executive Officer, O’Shaughnessy served as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of Content at Sally Ride Science. She helped create the vision for and edited the widely acclaimed series "Cool Careers In Science". The series consists of 12 books, each profiling 12 scientists and engineers working in areas from space science, green chemistry, and physics to math, environmental science, and engineering. The "Cool Careers" books feature female and male scientists of diverse backgrounds who are engaged in active, collaborative work. O’Shaughnessy also guided creation of the "Key Concepts in Science" series, which includes 12 books in Physical Science, 12 books in Earth Science, and 12 books in Life Science and the Sally Ride Science Academy brought to you by Exxon Mobil curriculum – teacher training on how to engage students in STEM topics and careers. All of the Sally Ride Science teacher training, science books, STEM career books, and hands-on labs are now available in interactive multimedia versions designed to ignite and build student interest in STEM.
Personal life.
O’Shaughnessy was the life partner of astronaut Sally Ride, the first American woman in space, from 1985 until Ride’s death in 2012. O’Shaughnessy and Ride also were business partners in Sally Ride Science, and they wrote children's science books together.

</doc>
<doc id="36539711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539711" title="Kerimler">
Kerimler

Kerimler is a village in the Mersin Province, Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin). It is situated in the southern slopes of the Toros Mountains to the north of the city center . The distance to Mersin is . The population of Kerimler is 159 as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36539715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539715" title="Philomena (given name)">
Philomena (given name)

Philomena (c. 291-c. 304) was a young woman believed by some to have been a Christian martyr
Others named Philomena include:

</doc>
<doc id="36539722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539722" title="Frederick Bradnum">
Frederick Bradnum

Frederick Bradnum, nicknamed "Freddie" (8 May 1920—25 December 2001), was a British radio dramatist, producer, and director who penned over 70 plays and 140 dramatisations of novels for the BBC. Along with the likes of Tom Mallin, Jennifer Phillips, Peter Tegel, and Elizabeth Troop, and he was considered one of the elite writers for the BBC. 
He was a recipient of the Prix Italia in 1957 for his script for "No Going Home". Bradnum was a member of BBC North's Drama Department, and, according to BBC, Bradnum was "responsible for some of radio's classier adaptations".
Early years.
Bradnum was born in Fulham, though he was brought up in Roehampton. His father was a Battersea power station clerk, and his younger sister required special care, having been paralysed by polio-myelitis. He worked with an architect in the mid-1930s before becoming a council draughtsman. After joining the Army, he served in France (1939), Narvik (1940), Crete (1941), and Saint-Nazaire raid (1942), before transferring into administration with the Special Operations Executive. He reached the rank of acting major. His physical and psychological scars (periods of paranoia; one period of near-breakdown) stayed with him and may be attributed to being tortured by the Nazis.
Career.
A radio producer of drama from 1950 to 1961, he also directed 12 Bernard Shaw plays for the "Third Programme" and numerous plays by Henrik Ibsen. He played a major role, along with Donald McWhinnie and Desmond Briscoe, in establishing the BBC Radiophonic Workshop and wrote "Private Dreams And Public Nightmares" (1957) for it, which was the first radiophonic poem, featuring the voices of young actors Frederick Treves, Joan Sanderson and Andrew Sachs. This was considered an "early example of the experiments blending sounds and voices". In the 1960s, he produced a number of plays for the BBC's anthology drama series "Thirty-Minute Theatre", including several Sherlock Holmes works. He continued to work as a part-time script adviser until 1986. Several of his plays, such as "In at the Kill" and "Minerva Alone", were adapted for theatre and performed by the Hampstead Theatre Club onstage in the early 1960s. "In at the Kill", a one-act play, is described as a "macabre little piece" by "Theatre World". Another radio play, "Goose With Pepper" (1972), similarly was dramatised for the theatre by David Ambrose in August 1975. From the early 1970s to the mid-1990s, he produced mainly for Radio 4. His last play, "The Terraced House", was written for Radio 4 in 1994. In 2003, BBC Radio 7 rebroadcast his 25-part BBC Radio 4 adaptation of Anthony Powell's "A Dance to the Music of Time", which originally ran during the years 1979-82.
Bradnum was noted for his plays which were often centred around aristocratic folk or esteemed military personnel of the middle and upper class. However, some of his works differed in theme, such as one of his early plays "The Cave and the Grail", which is based on Arthurian legend and set in coastal Norfolk. Keenly aware of his audience, Bradnum knew that northern listeners preferred family plays, northern settings, and adaptations of northern novels, rather than fantasy. The genre of the plays was also broad in scope including "mysteries, thrillers, social and satarical comedies, imaginative fantasies, and complex studies of character and relationships."
Personal life.
He married the Franco-Russian Anne Calonne ("Dada"; d. 1988) in 1951, and adopted her son David. He moved to Hove after his wife's death, and he died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36539733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539733" title="Korucular, Mersin">
Korucular, Mersin

Korocular is a village in the Mersin Province, Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin). It is situated in the southern slopes of the Toros Mountains to the north of the city center. The distance to Mersin is . The population of Korucular is 164 as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36539736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539736" title="Gherry Setya">
Gherry Setya

Gherry Setya Adhi Nugraha (born on December 21, 1988) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539737" title="Train Tracks (EP)">
Train Tracks (EP)

Train Tracks is an EP by Australian music group Southern Sons. The EP was released in Australia in July 1991 and reached number 40 on the ARIA charts. It is a limited edition pressing, released shortly after the release of their debut, self-titled album.

</doc>
<doc id="36539740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539740" title="Argobba special woreda (Amhara)">
Argobba special woreda (Amhara)

Argobba is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Because Argobba is not part of any Zone in the Amhara Region, it is considered a Special woreda, an administrative subdivision which is similar to an autonomous area. This woreda is named for the Argobba people, whose homeland lies in this district. Argobba is bordered on the west by the Debub Wollo Zone, and on the east and south by the Oromia Zone. Argobba was created mainly from Kalu woreda with smaller parts from Chefe Golana Dewerahmedo woreda.
Demographics.
Based on the 2007 Census conducted by the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia (CSA), this woreda has a total population of 34,998, of whom 17,710 are men and 17,288 women; none of the population were inhabitants. The two largest ethnic groups reported in Argobba were the Argobba (95.6%), and the Amhara (4.3%); all other ethnic groups made up 0.1% of the population. Amharic was spoken as a first language by 86.21%, 9.39% spoke Argobba language, and 4.31% spoke Oromiffa; the remaining 0.09% spoke all other primary languages reported. 96.62% were Muslim, and 3.31% of the population said they practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="36539741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539741" title="Enzo Cursio">
Enzo Cursio

Vincenzo Cursio (born 14 October 1968) is an Italian journalist and human rights activist. He currently serves as the Vice President of the Permanent Secretariat of the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates. 
He has collaborated with world leaders such as Mikhail Gorbachev, and is currently a spokesman for the Gorbachev Foundation in charge of institutional relations at World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates.
Career.
In the late 1980s, Cursio was one of the leaders of the Italian Socialist Youth Movement. In 1994 he joined the Federazione Laburista, the Italian political movement chaired by the Liberal-Socialism leader Valdo Spini
During the Ciampi administration, he has held government positions in the Ministry of Environment, Urban Areas, EU Policies. From 1996 to 2000 he has worked in the Defense Committee of the Italian Chamber of Deputies. During the second Prodi administration, he held the position of Head of Press Office of the Minister of Youth and sports activities. In 2008 he founded the NGO "Africa Must Unite" chaired by Ghana's leader Samia Nkrumah
In recent years, Cursio has been one of the leaders of "The Movement for the Referendum" led by Mario Segni to reform the Italian electoral law.
Is Managing Director of "City of Peace for Children Foundation", chaired by Nobel Peace Laureate Betty Williams. and founder of the World Centers of Compassion for Children International Italy non-profit organization 
The World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates.
Cursio was one of the original promoters of the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates. In 2006, with the support of its President Mikhail Gorbachev and the Mayor of Rome Walter Veltroni, Cursio was among the founders of The Permanent Secretariat of the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates, a non-profit organization based in Rome which operates on a permanent basis in Moscow and Rome.
The main task of the Permanent Secretariat is to organize the annual World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates and to ensure the cohesion of the activities of the Summits. The Permanent Secretariat also interacts with the permanent participants of the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates for the purposes of preparation, organization and development of the Summits’ meetings and to monitor and support the activities of Nobel Peace Laureates who participate in the annual Summits.

</doc>
<doc id="36539756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539756" title="Lalla-Roukh">
Lalla-Roukh

Lalla-Roukh is an "opéra comique" in two acts composed by Félicien David. The libretto by Michel Carré and Hippolyte Lucas was based on Thomas Moore's 1817 poem "Lalla Rookh". It was first performed on 12 May 1862 by the Opéra-Comique at the Salle Favart in Paris. Set in Kashmir and Samarkand, the opera recounts the love story between Nourreddin, the King of Samarkand, and the Mughal princess Lalla-Roukh. Her name means "Tulip-cheeked", a frequent term of endearment in Persian poetry.
Performance history.
"Lalla-Roukh" had its world premiere on 12 May 1862 at the Opéra-Comique (Salle Favart) in Paris in a double bill with Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny's "Rose et Colas", a one-act "mêlée d'ariettes". The "mise en scène" was by Ernest Mocker, the settings by Jean-Pierre Moynet, Charles Cambon, and Joseph Thierry, and the costumes by Jules Marre. An immediate success with the Paris audiences, "Lalla-Roukh" was very popular in its day, with 100 performances at the Opéra-Comique in the year following its premiere. It was revived several more times by the company, including performances in 1876, 1885 (with Emma Calvé in the title role), and 1898, receiving its 376th and last performance on 29 May.
The opera was soon presented in other French-language theatres, including those in Liège (20 October 1862), Brussels (27 October 1862), Antwerp (29 October 1862), Geneva (19 January 1864), and other cities, as well as the Opéra de Monte-Carlo in 1886 and 1888. It was translated into German and performed in cities such as Coburg (25 December 1862), Mainz (26 December 1862), Munich (16 March 1863), Vienna (22 April 1863), and Berlin (Meysels-Theater, 7 August 1865), and even translated into Hungarian (presented in Budapest, 31 January 1863), Polish (Warsaw, 8 March 1866), Swedish (Stockholm, 12 January 1870), Italian (Milan, Teatro Rè, 7 September 1870), and Russian (St. Petersburg, 5 February 1884; Moscow, 10 February 1896).
"Lalla-Roukh" sank into obscurity in the 20th century although individual arias and its overture were occasionally performed at concerts and recitals. Larger extracts from the opera were given concert performances in 1976 at Cadenet (David's birthplace) and in 2008 at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. performed by Opera Lafayette.
Synopsis.
Lalla-Roukh, the daughter of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb, has been promised in marriage to the King of Samarkand. Accompanied by her confidants, Mirza and a eunuch called Baskir, she departs in a caravan to the King's summer palace for the wedding. As the caravan travels through Kashmir, she is charmed by the nightly songs of Nourreddin, a mysterious poet-singer who has joined the caravan. The couple meet at night and pledge their love to each other. Lalla-Roukh tells him that when they arrive at the palace, she will confess all to the King and refuse to marry him, preferring to live in a simple cottage in Kashmir with her true love. When the caravan finally arrives at the palace, a crash of cymbals is heard and the King comes out to receive his bride. To her amazement, Lalla-Roukh realizes that he is in fact Nourreddin.
Recordings.
In March 2014 Naxos Records released a complete recording of Opera Lafayette's revival of "Lalla-Roukh", featuring Marianne Fiset as Lalla-Roukh, Emiliano Gonzalez Toro as Noureddin, Nathalie Paulin as Mirza, and Bernard Deletré as Baskir. Earlier recordings include several extracts sung by the French soprano Solange Renaux for the Bibliothèque nationale de France. One of these, Mirza's couplets "Si vous ne savez plus charmer", also appears on the EMI boxed set "Les Introuvables du Chant Français". Nourreddin's aria "O ma maîtresse" has been recorded by several French tenors.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36539778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539778" title="Kızılkaya, Toroslar">
Kızılkaya, Toroslar

Kızılkaya is a very small village in the Mersin Province, Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin). It is situated in the Toros Mountains next to another village named Alanyalı. The distance to Mersin is . The population of Kızılkaya is only 34. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36539802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539802" title="List of highest paved roads in Europe by country">
List of highest paved roads in Europe by country

This is a list of the highest paved road and the highest paved pass in each European country.

</doc>
<doc id="36539803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539803" title="Roy Siddells">
Roy Siddells

Charles Gordon Roy Siddells (7 May 1891 – 24 December 1947) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (non-Test matches) (#62), Wellington, and Wanganui, and at club level for Petone, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
International honours.
Roy Siddells was a member of the 1911 New Zealand rugby league tour of Australia during the 1911 New Zealand rugby league season. During the 1913 tour of New Zealand by New South Wales, Siddells played against the touring party for New Zealand.
Genealogical information.
Roy Siddells married Stella Westaway in 1913.
Honoured at Petone Panthers.
Roy Siddells was named as a in the Petone Panthers' Team of the Century in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36539808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539808" title="Timeline of Helsinki">
Timeline of Helsinki

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Helsinki, Finland. 

</doc>
<doc id="36539810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539810" title="Kurudere, Mersin">
Kurudere, Mersin

Kurudere is a small village in the Mersin Province, Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin). It is situated in the Toros Mountains. It is situated on the road connecting Mersin to Arslanköy municipality. The distance to Mersin is . The population of Kurudere is only 79. as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36539814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539814" title="Alex Jacke">
Alex Jacke

Alex Jacke was born and raised in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, CA. The singer and songwriter realized his passion for music as a child when he fell in love with 90's R&B and Hip Hop. Jacke’s music influences also include soul, funk, gospel, rock, and pop music. Self-taught on the piano, he began composing songs by middle school. By the time he started his freshman year at Morehouse College, he knew music was his future and he focused his energy on songwriting, & performing at school events and venues around Atlanta. During his sophomore year, he appeared on the highly popular MTV series "My Super Sweet 16," as the special guest performer for DJ Spinderella and former NBA player, Kenny Anderson's daughter, Christy. His performance caught the attention of music executive and producer, Laney Stewart, who invited Jacke to work with him over the summer. Jacke jumped at the opportunity to pursue his dream, and left Morehouse College at the end of his junior year to return to Los Angeles. Like others before him, most notably Tricky Stewart and The-Dream. Laney Stewart took Alex Jacke under his wing which led Jacke to land a worldwide publishing deal with Music Gallery/Universal Music Publishing Group in 2011. Along with Stewart and his production team The Sharpshootaz, Alex Jacke spent most of the first half of 2012 perfecting his debut EP, D.F.M. (Dorm Fuckin Music) released on July 9, 2012. On Valentine's Day 2013, Alex released a "Deluxe" version of his D.F.M. release, simply titled "D.F.M. Deluxe."
Music career.
After building a YouTube following doing singing cover songs, in May 2012, Jacke dropped his first single, "One Thing," which was eventually followed with the release of his "D.F.M." EP in July 2012 and then with the further release of "D.F.M. Deluxe" in February 2013. During the summer of 2013, he was selected as a top 5 finalist for Macy's and iHeart Radio's Rising Star contest where he performed at L.A.'s iHeart Radio Festival. He returned again in December 2013 to release a single called "Sex Is Amazing and then again in 2014, releasing another single, "Apart," on March 3, 2014.
Songwriting.
In late 2011, Alex went in the studio with his fellow Sharpshootaz members and Laney Stewart to work on songs for Jesse McCartney's latest album. One of the songs that Alex co-wrote, "Out Of Words," was leaked in July 2012
Tracklisting & personnel.
D.F.M.
D.F.M. Deluxe
TV.
In 2012, Jacke acted in "MTV's My Super Sweet Sixteen

</doc>
<doc id="36539827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539827" title="List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Irkutsk Oblast">
List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Irkutsk Oblast

The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Irkutsk Oblast is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36539830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539830" title="Kensington Branch of the Philadelphia YWCA">
Kensington Branch of the Philadelphia YWCA

Kensington Branch of the Philadelphia YWCA is a historic YWCA building located in the Hugh neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1911 and expanded in 1916. It is a six-story, brick with terra cotta trim building in the Colonial Revival style. The original three-story section was built as the Hoffman Memorial wing.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36539848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539848" title="Fathlul Rahman">
Fathlul Rahman

Fathlul Rahman (born on August 16, 1984) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Barito Putera in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539850" title="1946–47 Galatasaray S.K. season">
1946–47 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 1946–47 season was Galatasaray SK's 43rd in existence and the club's 35th consecutive season in the Istanbul Football League.
Squad Changes for the 1946–1947 Season.
In:
Competitions.
Istanbul Football League.
Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EEST)"

</doc>
<doc id="36539878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539878" title="2012–13 FC Lokomotiv Moscow season">
2012–13 FC Lokomotiv Moscow season

The 2012–13 Lokomotiv Moscow season involved the club competing in the Russian Premier League and Russian Cup. It was Slaven Bilić's first season as manager and ended with the worst league result of the team (9th - the lower part of the table) since establishing of Russian Championship in 1992. As a result, the contract of Bilić was terminated by mutual agreement on 17 June 2013.
Transfers.
In: Summer transfer window 2012<br>
In: Winter transfer window 2013<br>
Out: Summer transfer window 2012<br>
Out: Winter transfer window 2013<br>
Season Events.
During winter camp at Cyprus in February 2013, Guilherme was appointed team captain instead of Denis Glushakov who started 2012-2013 season with captain's armband. Roman Shishkin and Dmitri Tarasov were named vice-captains.
Player of the Month.
In September 2012, club started monthly poll among Loko fans in the social networks to name the best player of the month. The award went to:<br>
Vedran Ćorluka (September 2012),<br>
Andrey Yeshchenko (October 2012),<br>
Dame N'Doye (November 2012),<br>
Kamil Mullin (March 2013),<br>
Dmitri Tarasov (April 2013),<br>
Aleksandr Samedov (May 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="36539882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539882" title="1613 in Ireland">
1613 in Ireland

Events from the year 1613 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36539891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539891" title="Girard Avenue Historic District">
Girard Avenue Historic District

Girard Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located in the Cabot neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It encompasses 137 contributing buildings. They were largely built in the mid- to late-19th century and consist of residential, commercial, and industrial properties. The residential buildings include blocks of 19th century speculative rowhouses. Residential buildings include notable examples of the Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Beaux Arts styles. Notable non-residential buildings include the Church of the Gesu (1879), designed by Edwin Forrest Durang, and Northwestern National Bank (1886).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36539919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539919" title="S' Agapo">
S' Agapo

"S' agapo" (Greek: "Σ' αγαπώ"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on August 10, 1979 by PolyGram Records in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD with a new cover in April, 1994 by PolyGram.

</doc>
<doc id="36539927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539927" title="Dobson Mills">
Dobson Mills

Dobson Mills is a historic industrial complex and national historic district located in the Hunting Park Industrial Area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It encompasses 19 contributing buildings, 2 contributing sites, and 2 contributing structures. They were built between 1858 and 1928, and are primarily of heavy timber frame construction with load bearing masonry walls. They range from two to five-stories in height. The complex included blanket, overcoat, and wool yarn production facilities, a carpet mill, and plush mill.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36539934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539934" title="Dhanu Rosadhe">
Dhanu Rosadhe

Dhanu Rosadhe (born on June 22, 1989 in Tuban, Tuban Regency, East Java) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36539935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539935" title="Lanig">
Lanig

Lanig is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36539946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539946" title="Aleksandar Mitrović">
Aleksandar Mitrović

Aleksandar Mitrović may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36539974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539974" title="Ignatius Ayau Kaigama">
Ignatius Ayau Kaigama

Ignatius Ayau Kaigama (born 31 July 1958 in Kona, Taraba, Nigeria), is archbishop of Jos in Nigeria.
Kaigama studied for the priesthood at St. Augustine's Seminary in Jos with further study in theology in Rome. He was ordained on 6 June 1981. He attended the Pontifical Gregorian University, earning a doctorate in theology in 1991.
Pope John Paul II appointed him bishop of the newly established Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalingo. He was consecrated as bishop on 23 April 1995 by the Bishop of Yola, Patrick Francis SheehanOSA, the co-consecrators were Gregory Obinna Ochiagha, Bishop of Orlu, and Athanasius Atule Usuh, Bishop of Makurdi.
In 2000, Kaigama was appointed by the late Pope John Paul II to succeed the late Gabriel Gonsum Ganaka as Archbishop of Jos. 
Kaigama is currently President of the Nigerian Bishops' Conference and the Vice President of the Episcopal Conference of West African Catholic Bishops. He is also chairman of the Plateau State-convened "Interreligious Committee for Peace". Together with the Emir of Wase, Alhaji Haruna Abdullahi, he was involved in an understanding between Christians and Muslims.
After the riots in Jos in January 2010, he calmed the situation and clarified the conflict in the international press.On 25 July 2012, Archbishop Kaigama was appointed a member of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of the New Evangelisation by Pope Benedict XVI.
In 2014, the Catholic Bishops Conference in Nigeria supported legislation to make participation in a same-sex marriage a crime punishable by 14 years imprisonment. It noted the move as a "courageous act" and a "step in the right direction". Kaigama argued that the action was "in line with the moral and ethical values of the Nigerian and African cultures", and blessed President Goodluck Jonathan for not bowing to international pressure: "To protect you and yor administration against the conspiracy of the developed world to make our country and continent, the dumping ground for the promotion of immoral practices".
References.
Archbishop Ignatius Ayau Kaigama is presently the President of the Nigerian Bishops Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="36539990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539990" title="China Squash Open">
China Squash Open

The China Squash Open is an annual women's squash tournament that takes place in Shanghai, China in October. It is part of the WSA World Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="36539995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36539995" title="Firm and Fruity">
Firm and Fruity

Firm and Fruity is the first extended play by Australian band Mr Floppy. It was released in 1990 and contains 6 tracks, despite 8 tracks being listed on the cover.
The track "Noonan" went on to be a fan favourite.
Tracklist.
As well as the 6 tracks above, the tracks "She Bangs the Drum Machine" and "He Eat Like a Duck" are listed on the label.
"Up the Duff" samples a line from "National Lampoon's European Vacation".
Live versions of tracks 1 and 5 were included in the hidden track section of the album "The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Dickhead". The entire EP was included on the album "Breakfast".

</doc>
<doc id="36540008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540008" title="1995 Australian Sports Sedan Championship">
1995 Australian Sports Sedan Championship

The 1995 Australian Sports Sedan Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title for Group 2D Sports Sedans. The title, which was the 11th Australian Sports Sedan Championship, was won by Queenslander Cameron McLean driving a BMW M3.
Calendar.
The championship was contested over a four round series. 
Championship results.
Note: Only the top four championship positions are shown in the above table.

</doc>
<doc id="36540014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540014" title="Henry Ethelbert Coupland">
Henry Ethelbert Coupland

Henry Ethelbert "Hal" Coupland (December 28, 1915 – December 26, 1994) was a farmer, business owner and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Meadow Lake from 1964 to 1975 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Yorkton, Saskatchewan, the son of Russell Ethelbert Coupland and Mary Boyes, and was educated there and in Prelate. In the early 1930s, Coupland moved with his family to a homestead at Golden Ridge. He married Ina Maxime Campbell in 1940. Coupland farmed near Goodsoil for several years and then moved to Hamilton, Ontario. He returned to the Dunfield district and then moved to Meadow Lake, where he worked for the Pioneer Grain Company. Coupland then operated a feed mill, then a chick hatchery and, later, a real estate and insurance company. He also served as chairman of the Golden Ridge school board and as a member of the town council for Meadow Lake. Coupland ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1960 before being elected in 1964. He was defeated by Gordon McNeill when he ran for reelection in 1975. He ran again unsuccessfully in 1978 for the Athabasca seat in the Saskatchewan assembly. Coupland served as mayor of Meadow Lake from 1976 to 1980. He died in Meadow Lake Union Hospital at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="36540021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540021" title="Steven A. Bean Municipal Airport">
Steven A. Bean Municipal Airport

Steven A. Bean Municipal Airport is a town owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Rangeley, a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Facilities and aircraft.
Steven A. Bean Municipal Airport covers an area of 125 acres (51 ha) at an elevation of 1,825 feet (556 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 14/32 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,201 by 75 feet (976 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 16, 2010, the airport had 12,350 aircraft operations, an average of 33 per day: 97% general aviation, 2% military, and <1% air taxi. At that time there were 6 aircraft based at this airport: 100% single-engine.
Instrument Approach Procedures:

</doc>
<doc id="36540030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540030" title="Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base">
Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base

Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base is a privately owned, public use seaplane base on Rangeley Lake, located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Rangeley, a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base has one seaplane landing area designated 6/24 with a water surface measuring 7,000 by 1,000 feet (2,134 x 305 m). For the 12-month period ending August 16, 2010, the airport had 200 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 16 per month.
Instrument Approach Procedures:

</doc>
<doc id="36540055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540055" title="Ali Barkah">
Ali Barkah

Ali Barkah (born July 30, 1988 in Banyumas Regency) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36540084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540084" title="Wake Studios">
Wake Studios

Wake Studios is a video game developer based in Barcelona, founded in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36540089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540089" title="Cattle creep">
Cattle creep

A cattle creep is a small, field-to-field access for farm animals, usually to allow passage beneath an obstacle such as a road, canal, or railway embankment.
Due to the primary users being cattle, or other livestock, cattle creeps usually have a low head height, making them uncomfortable for humans to use.
On Dartmoor, in south west England, the term sheep creep is used to describe a purposefully constructed gap in the base of a drystone wall commonly topped with a granite lintel. The idea was that the gap would allow sheep to pass from field to field but its deliberate size was too small for cattle or ponies to do likewise. 

</doc>
<doc id="36540091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540091" title="Gaggle (band)">
Gaggle (band)

Gaggle is an all-girl alternative choir based in London. They were formed in 2008 and released their first album "From the Mouth of the Cave" in 2012. The group currently has 22 members, each of whom goes by a single-name pseudonym. The main songwriters are Coughlin and her former 586 bandmate, Simon Dempsey.
History.
Gaggle was founded by Deborah Coughlin in 2009. Within months Gaggle received recognition from NME in their "The fifty most forward-thinking people in music", and were featured in the "Evening Standard" as leaders in a movement described as "Choir Mania".
The group released their first single "I Hear Flies" in 2010 on Transgressive Records and won Camden Crawl's Best New Act for the Emerging Talent Awards, sponsored by Gibson.
In 2011 they released a limited EP called "The Brilliant and the Dark" on Record Store Day with a performance at Rough Trade East. This was a reworking of a forgotten 1969 Women's Institute opera found by artists Open Music Archive. Gaggle debuted the new show in 2010 at the Women's Library, then took it to the ICA where the record was recorded live, the B-Side compiled of live samples to be remixed by fans on a copyleft licence. Later in 2011 they took "The Brilliant and the Dark" back to its original home The Royal Albert Hall, in the Elgar Room. This gained the attention of "The Guardian" who described it as "vivacious, visceral, spectacularly indignant wall of sound" in a 4 star review.
In 2012 they released their debut album "From the Mouth of the Cave": two singles of which, "Army of Birds" and "Power of Money", both received videos, respectively. The cost for second single "Power of Money" was £3000. The reason for the price was explained thusly:
The Power of Generosity, Inventiveness, Courage. The Power of Flirting, Improvising, Blagging, Hard Work and Being Nice and Polite. The Power of Friendship, Faith, Obligation, Ambition, Anxiety…..Dreams. Without these Powers this track would not have been made. This song is precious. And yet, we’re told that ‘a single’ is almost valueless. And that pisses us off. So we have done a budget of how much this single ‘cost’. The many hours it took to write, arrange, compose, master; the expertise of all the musicians, technicians, designers, producers involved; the combination of all the Powers described above and more – we’ve totted it all up as best we can and… …we are putting this tune to market for the sum of £3000. The power of money? Let’s see.
In 2013 Gaggle opened a three-week Pop Up Adventure in Lifestyle, Craft & Noise with gallery, shop and workshops. It took place in at abandoned shop in New Cross. They also released a free app on iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="36540099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540099" title="Two Brains">
Two Brains

Two Brains may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540108" title="Minimal invasive spine surgery">
Minimal invasive spine surgery

Minimal Invasive surgical methods had defined almost all surgical or medical fields same manner. Minimal invasive surgery aims to reduce tissue trauma, bleeding and to improve healing process of body without damage. Briefly minimal invasive spine surgery consist of three pillars:
Percutaneous Endoscopic spine surgery is the main subject of the minimal invasive spine surgery. It is defined and reported first time independently by Dr Parwiz Kambin (USA) and Dr.Sadahisa Hijikata (Japan) in 1973. Dr Kambin defined safe triangle which is called his name. Following these authors Dr Schreiber at all (Hansjörg Leu, Suezawa) used an arthroscope into the intervertebral disc and reported their experience as titled "discoscopy" in 1989. Endoscopic spine surgery was popularized in worldwide then followed by pioneers of MISS. Dr Antony Yeung (USA) was created special instrument in order previous experience. The instrument is called "Yeung Endoscopic Spine System=YESS) It is produced by Wolf. Simultaneously Dr Matin Knight (UK) created (Knight Instrument Spine system=KISS) is manufactured my EKL, Dr Hansjörg Leu (Swiss) designed Leu discoscope and manufactured by Storz, Dr Thomas Hoogland (Germany) also designed his own instruments with different compaines. Most Recently there is various devices available in the market with different companies in the basis of Kambin technique.
Minimal invasive spine communities was founded by the pioneers such as ISMISS, WCMIST, PASMISS, IMLAS, ITSS, Wenmiss and AAMISS. 
ISMISS is one of the former society which is founded by Kambin, Schrieber at all in Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="36540124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540124" title="Richie Patterson">
Richie Patterson

Richard "Richie" Patterson (born 30 April 1983) is a weightlifting competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi he won the silver medal in the men's 85 kg weightlifting event. 
To qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics Patterson had to rely on fellow New Zealand teammate Tavita Ngalu to lift 150 kg at the Oceania Championships. In a selfless act Ngalu did so while injured with ripped quadriceps and New Zealand's highest ranked weightlifter (Patterson) qualified for the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36540143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540143" title="Long Lake Seaplane Base (Sinclair, Maine)">
Long Lake Seaplane Base (Sinclair, Maine)

Long Lake Seaplane Base is a privately owned, public use seaplane base on Long Lake in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. It is located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Sinclair, Maine.
Facilities and aircraft.
Long Lake Seaplane Base has two seaplane landing areas on the water: 15/33 is 25,000 by 4,000 feet (7,620 x 1,219 m) and 7/25 is 15,800 by 2,640 feet (4,816 x 805 m). For the 12-month period ending August 13, 2009, the airport had 25 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 2 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="36540146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540146" title="Long Lake Seaplane Base (Naples, Maine)">
Long Lake Seaplane Base (Naples, Maine)

Long Lake Seaplane Base is a privately owned, public use seaplane base on Long Lake in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. It is located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Naples, Maine.
Facilities and aircraft.
Long Lake Seaplane Base has one seaplane landing area designated 16/34 with a water surface measuring 15,000 by 3,960 feet (4,572 x 1,207 m). For the 12-month period ending August 13, 2010, the airport had 260 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 21 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="36540149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540149" title="Locarno (disambiguation)">
Locarno (disambiguation)

Locarno 

</doc>
<doc id="36540150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540150" title="Long Lake Seaplane Base">
Long Lake Seaplane Base

Long Lake Seaplane Base may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540152" title="Truth (Southern Sons album)">
Truth (Southern Sons album)

Truth is a compilation album by Australian music group Southern Sons. The album was released only in Europe by RCA Records in November 1993 on CD and audio cassette. The album contains an assortment of tracks taken from their first two studio albums, "Southern Sons" and "Nothing But The Truth".

</doc>
<doc id="36540169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540169" title="Yakutiye">
Yakutiye

Yakutiye is a central district of the province of Erzurum in Turkey. It has a population of 183,500 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36540171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540171" title="WLXM-LP">
WLXM-LP

WLXM-LP "107.9 WLXM-LP" is a Contemporary Christian radio station licensed to Lexington, South Carolina and serves the Midlands area.

</doc>
<doc id="36540175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540175" title="Uruguayan constitutional referendum, 1934">
Uruguayan constitutional referendum, 1934

A constitutional referendum was held in Uruguay on 19 April 1934, alongside parliamentary elections. The new constitution was approved by 95.75% of voters.
Background.
A series of conflicts between the National Council of Administration and President Gabriel Terra led to Terra leading a presidential coup on 31 March 1933. Terra instituted a government that suspended the 1918 constitution, and elections were held for a Constitutional Assembly on 25 June. The various factions of the Colorado Party emerged as the largest group in the Assembly, winning 151 of the 284 seats.
New constitution.
The new constitution abolished the National Council of Administration and transferred its powers to the President, with President also becoming the head of government. Other changes included the Senate being equally divided between the two parties receiving the most votes, and allowing the public to propose constitutional amendments (though 20% of the electorate).

</doc>
<doc id="36540178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540178" title="Vijayalakshmi Art Pictures">
Vijayalakshmi Art Pictures

Vijayalakshmi Art Pictures (Telugu:విజయలక్ష్మీ ఆర్ట్ పిక్చర్స్ ) is an Indian film production company, owned by producer T. Trivikram Rao. 

</doc>
<doc id="36540189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540189" title="Şahinpınarı">
Şahinpınarı

Şahinpınarı is a village in the Mersin Province, Turkey. It's part of Toroslar district (which is an intracity district within Mersin city). It is situated in Toros Mountains at . The distance to Mersin city center is . The population of the village is 150 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36540190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540190" title="Class Of...">
Class Of...

Class Of... is an Australian factual program all about schools that aired on Network Ten on 15 August 2012; originally in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36540282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540282" title="Huayo">
Huayo

Huayo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540305" title="Half Moon Shoal">
Half Moon Shoal

Half Moon Shoal ( ; ) is a shoal in Spratly Islands of South China Sea. China and the Philippines have competing claims over the shoal. It is located 100 km from Palawan, Philippines.
Notable incidents.
A Chinese frigate, Type 053 560, ran aground on the shoal on 11 July 2012. The base of the frigate is in Mischief Reef, located 76 nautical miles away.
On 6 May 2014, Philippine police seized 11 Chinese fishermen allegedly poaching sea turtles onboard the fishing boat, Qiongqionghai, near the Half Moon Shoal.

</doc>
<doc id="36540327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540327" title="Dev Bhoomi Group of Institutions">
Dev Bhoomi Group of Institutions

The 'Dev Bhoomi Group of Institutions (DBGI)' runs a number of colleges in Uttarakhand, India. Now in 2013 DBGI have 7 colleges in three states with more than 5000 students. It is Known as Placement Pioneer in Dehradun after calling maximum number of Companies for Campus Placements. It has largest computer lab in Uttrakhand with more than 1000 computer systems. It is one of the best Engineering colleges in uttrakhand. It started its first college, the Dev Bhoomi Institute of Technology, in 2005 at Dehradun. This college is approved by AICTE. Dev Bhoomi Institute of Management Studies was ranked No. 2 in entire Uttarakhand by Amar Ujala.
Now Dev Bhoomi group has campuses in Dehradun, Sharanpur, Kurushetra and Roorkee across three states of North India. DBGI is one of the leading Groups of Institutions in North India. A lot of activities such as blood donation camps, vintage car rallies, seminars and sport competitions are organized in the institute campus. The group also provides scholarships to needy schoolchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="36540398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540398" title="Vietnam's Next Top Model (cycle 3)">
Vietnam's Next Top Model (cycle 3)

"Vietnam's Next Top Model, Cycle 3" is the third season of Vietnam's Next Top Model. The season premiered on August 19, 2012 on VTV3
Episode Summaries.
Episode 1.
Original Airdate: August 19, 2012
Complete the preliminary competition of the season in the two regions are encapsulated in episode 1. Six girls win in an online casting took place earlier - Nguyen Thi Cham, Vu Thi Minh Nguyet, Ha Thi Thuy, Cai, Cao Thi Thien Trang, Thuy Hanh Nguyen and Duong Nguyen Thuy Duong - the guy is exceptional within physical examination , but contestants Heavenly Home rights were denied because of the capacity to be confirmed. In addition, candidates Tuyet Nhung but passed round photography, but please leave the competition for academic reasons. 
later rounds of catwalk, forms, interviews and photography, jury selected the 31 best face from hundreds of girls to step journey to become Vietnam's Next Top Model.
Episode 2.
After meeting the candidate in each domain Ly's Club, 31 girls from two regions have been met at the Royal Lotus - Hạ Long. After a night's rest, they were put up luxury yacht Au to have lessons on the catwalk, as well as boating Taichi. Mai Giang is the winner of the catwalk sessions with performance award is a spa on board Au, and who shared the prize with her and Minh Nguyet Thu Ha. In addition, candidates Ngan Nguyen won sailing races with the VIP room is often the yacht Au, and she chose to share the joy Ngoc Thuy. But in the evening the same day, she withdrew from the competition due to health reasons. 
challenge of the week is the fashion show with costume designers Communications Components, Taylor Ho and Do Manh Cuong at on the upper deck of the ship the night Au. During the assessment the next morning, there were a lot of contestants Xuan Lan blamed outright and heavy. However, the review expressed interest for the rigors of competition and dramatic. 
Later when the contestants split into two groups: the praise and blame with almost equal numbers, the judges announced was going to names. That's all 30 remaining girls. No one is rejected.
Episode 3.
Leaving Hạ Long, 30 girls were taken to the Intercontinental Hotel in Hanoi, and attended a gala evening on the same day. As the best-dressed and most active communication, Thien Trang was President rewards class room - room Tyra Banks has been in Hanoi when to - and choose My Van, Phuong Quyen Ngoc Quyen in the same. 
days Next, is the center of all California Fitness & Yoga for health checks. At midnight, they were South Central and Xuan Lan to wake up because they needed more practice to shoot the next day was better. Nguyen Ngan get good reviews, and will capture the supermodel Xuan Lan the next day. After the photo shoot, they get pizza contest, and a group of girls won the prize purchase 10,000,000 shares at a dinner with the Hotel Manager. 
Entering the assessment, there were 15 but the jury rejected her not to make comments. At the end of this episode, 15 girls entered the public house, the official start of the journey to find Vietnam's Next Top Model in 2012.
Episode 4.
By common house in Ho Chi Minh City, 15 girls have joined a small contest to share rooms. Finally, except Mai Giang and Nguyen Hang to sleep in the living room, the rest of the girls have separate sleeping quarters, and nobody complained about it. That night, they held a separate meeting to work assignments, as well as talk to each other. Because of the explicit Thien Trang has frankly because she did not like Nguyen Cham that "due to abnormal bone structure Acupuncture can go better than others catwalk", and with all the other girls criticized because actually Acupuncture is like after an accident. Then God got error page and promised better living 
next morning, they were experts from Shiseido skin care guides and makeup. Then they are given the right image and makeup to look like that picture. Nha Truc win a Shiseido cosmetics coupon worth $ 10 million, and she chose Thu Ha and awards. 
task of the week was beauty shot photo shoot with British cats. Immediate family is very creative merit putting cats up to shape, but her image was not as good as the image of Mai Giang, who is said to be "serendipitous" because of indifference, apathy created when shooting the her very special charm. Duong Thanh and Nguyen Ngan also commendable. In addition, the judges also criticized Le Hang weight beyond control, and Ngoc Thuy on her tired face. 
evaluate the end, Mai Giang have selected the best photos. Thu Ha is said to be "inconsistent with the concept", and Nguyen Cham "lack of confidence". Results, Nguyen Acupuncture eliminated, causing many surprises for viewers, because her picture is not so bad, and Acupuncture also owns an enviable height is 181 cm. The departure of Acupuncture and considerable regret, especially Thien Trang because there was not a word to her.
Episode 5.
In this episode, 14 school girls are liberated form of vibrant salsa and excited. That night, they were in a club to apply what they have learned about salsa. The majority of the girls, who are reeling out of control, the body is not all, that Xuan Lan said that she has seen a lot of "salsa disaster". But with moderation, confidence and the chemistry with her costar, Kim Loan thoughtful girl won the challenge and received a reward of course salsa 20,000,000 worth. 
photographic Thread week is "Good morning." With the gentle hairstyle, makeup natural and comfortable outfits, the girls must be assigned to the youthful energy that is offered on the new nature of poetic view of the An Lam River Resort. The "place like no place" seemed easy but it is difficult for many people. Immediate family to bathe in cold water line between the windy weather, while the My Van have just recently took brushing, and Le Hang back too struggled with the dryer. Xuan Lan Nguyen Hang personally guide poses, expressions, and the results of Nguyen Hang a picture exactly what Xuan Lan has tutorials. 
Weekly has many good shows, so Xuan Lan and Ban Jury brightened. Thanh Thao was commended as "energetic" and called the first name. Mai Giang also called shortly thereafter with sharp images depicting pristine, clear. The effort of the immediate family, Kim Loan was recorded. Meanwhile, the image of God Equip commented that "the show" My Van looks too bad when brushing your teeth, and Hang Nguyen for not being creative. Finally, because the stereotype with the construction process is not impressive, Hang Nguyen was the next to leave the house in general.
Episode 6.
The much-anticipated makeover every season has arrived. Previously, Xuan Lan has transformed into a ladies classic and chic in black color, and the Nam Trung extremely messy and garish pajamas printed with colorful flowers and conical hats. The message they want to send to the candidate that is the power of appearance. 
Unlike hairstyle unique and completely different from the previous season, the design team has chosen this time for the contestants easy hairstyles applications and natural. There are also many candidates as last season's haircut. Some candidates only minor changes such as Nguyen Ngan (just adjust the hair turns house), immediate family (extended only) or American Van (for neatly trimmed). Besides, there are also many candidates have major differences as Thien Trang (Terry highlight platinum and bending), Cao Ha (cut short, curly perm and dyed red) or Thu Ha (trimmer suit, dyed and brushed up) . The majority of the contestants are happy with their new look. 
part makes shooting contestants panicked and cried a lot, which is shooting with viper, transparent soap and iguanas. Only a few brave contestants as Duong Thanh, the majority are impatient, culminating Mai Kim Loan and Giang. Thread is shooting stillness and mystery as old paintings seventeenth century, however, the solid strand continuous motion, the candidates are focusing on the mental stability rather than pose and expression . Not many candidates do well in this section. 
Upon entering the room, formal assessment, 13 girls were listening to critics. Thanh Thao again named first photo thanks harmonious balance. Thu Ha also good shots thanks moments a king snake accidentally across her forehead. South Central High Ha also be appreciated. Le Hang alleged "physical disaster" My Van "squirming in place", Mai Giang "step backwards". And Kim Loan due too scared to have a full picture wry and rigid, she was the next to leave the house in general. The departure of the eldest sister to share, compassion and caring has made all contestants burst into sobs. The jury must first tears. The Kim Loan was made of the television audience regret for a long time.
Episode 7.
One morning, the contestants were gathered in a restaurant and apartment Xuan Lan stood waiting. The content of the sessions is to improve catwalk, mainly towards the processing skills costumes as well as difficult situations arise. Thanh Thao fall when the dress of a long but grabbed at the ankles, and Xuan Lan instructions on how to handle the incident passed mildest 
Then, they are colorful makeup with false eyelashes thick and heavy, highly tangled hair, of thin chiffon dresses and was taken to the pool. Submerged about an inch of the lake is the slippery catwalk, above the balls to fluctuate constantly, forcing candidates must be very focused and flexible to pass. Many candidates did not perform well. Hypoglycemia Ngoc Thuy, Le Hang joints are still trying to complete the exam. Ngan Nguyen is wearing an outfit quite favorable. She walked up and shot both lakes are made up. On the way to the bank was caught a ball and fell into the water. She quickly apply lessons about handling situations Xuan Lan has been taught. Bank's results challenge the winner's reward coupon 20,000,000 at Klassy and baby gifts secret from Models 
Before shooting contest, 12 girls gathered to celebrate the birthday Xuan Lan she was very moved. She says she does not need that just wishes and successful effort from the contestants. 
part of the week shooting took place at Da Vang tea room with the theme "diva". The girls were divided into 4 groups and rotate as a girl lead singer and will do the remaining two friends behind, same pose for 1 minute on the band "One Night Only"
Episode 8.
In training this week, the remaining 10 girls of Vietnam's Next Top Model 2012 is familiar with TRX - a form of exercise. With the first warm-up exercises, the girls get familiar with how to adjust and balance the wireless transceivers. When coaches push intensity to hook movements more difficult to wire and bent legs, many candidates felt exhausted. Ngoc Thuy was crying because she exercises too heavy but still did not give up. Nha Truc candidates won victories in the TRX challenge when she finished antagonistic competition between candidates in the shortest possible time. In this photoshoot creative director South Central took the girls to the arena of California Fitness & Yoga Center. The area above the stylized costumes from the martial arts, the girls are hanging high up on the implementation of his photographic images by the director - photographer Pham Hoai Nam is the direct shooting . In particular, this model Ngoc Tinh was invited to become partner "heavyweights" of the contestants in the photography section. Nguyen Ngan is the first contestant steps on set shooting. She passionately shaped cable that led him into her belly scratched and bleed. Minh Nguyet has replaced the image of the country music diva last week and expressed how impressed with an eagle posture is prey. Mai Thien Trang and Giang are using the sticks for his photography. Thien Trang was inspired while high "accidentally" into the swing of model Ngoc situation. This makes her very confused. In addition, the judge reminded her South Central also very much in facial expressions very similar to the "Monkey King". Do Ha is the only candidate who is not hung up. In the evaluation, Do Ha is among three contestants eliminated risk. Particularly Mai Giang, this week not sustain such performances in the competition week, the charm she possesses no right to the theme of this photo shoot. Immediately, Mai Giang has ranked in the top 2 contestants with Thanh Thao final. Thanh Thao finally eliminated.
Episode 9.
Fashion director himself - the designer Do Manh Cuong has come to share a common house with 9 other girls of Vietnam's Next Top Model in fashion and costume choices. He did not seem pleased when most candidates still know too little about the designer or fashion brand reputation. The highlight of the talk especially when Do Manh Cuong proposed two candidates opposing style is red and white Thien Ha costume change for each to try to see if you choose the right outfit for your personality will lead What results. Thien Trang to wear jeans, T-shirt, black and orange jacket made impressive than her personality. In contrast, Ha Do not wear white maxi dress by Thien Trang of flowers. New images of her making all the remaining contestants laughing. In part this week challenge, the contestants were taken to Ben Thanh Market, Harajuku wearing the costume designer Do Manh Cuong, overcome all the scrutinizing eyes, the words bandied around, and really focus to go catwalk between markets. Thien Trang are candidates for victory in this trial by the confident demeanor and professionalism. She passed all those around her murmuring words that retain expression of the catwalk and strong styling in the stops. She received a course from Apollo Learn And Save $ 20 million and the hair care products from Wella - South Island $ 10 million. In this photography competition, the contestants were taken to space and stately ancient temple Son. Turn up the presence of stylized gown by designer Mai Lam with seam and bold textures court, the girls become powerful charisma and speed up the frequency of the ancient kingdom level. Photographer Jundat are made of this image. And the requirements set out in this photograph of the candidate should be familiar with the camera will move, in addition to posing in front of cameras and expression, the spirit of the image they have to know the real coordinate The thing with the photographer. In the assessment, the examiner's praise for photos of Nguyen Ngan, who said she is applying what was learned in the implementation of its fix the shape on a high mound. Ngoc Thuy, Pham Hoai Nam photographers are commended the South gradually know more proactive in styling. Mai Giang also appreciate the charismatic Duong Thanh power while claiming to be an unconvincing performance as the previous week. Episode 9 could say God is a collection of page, not only won the previous challenge, this week Thien Trang had a successful exam week when she was the candidate best photos and property. Expressive power of full face and lips which used to be the weak point of the impression she made. Rounding out the top and the dangers of Nha Truc Do Ha. Nha Truc quite so far as to require a concept and simple sophistication. Do Ha Particularly embarrassing totally styling. Do not think of yourself as the ongoing, immediate family suddenly step up and get your picture right out of the parking Ha.
Episode 10.
8 contestants have been taken to Diamond Plaza commercial center and are required to use their ability to speak to convince the guests are visiting any shopping here agree with her makeup products Shiseido.Da of the candidates have a good head start when they quickly found the customer agrees with them on the vanity of Shiseido. Nguyen Ngan was not so lucky, she met a pretty demanding customer. It took a long time, Nguyen Ngan can convince your customers to your makeup. Duong Thanh's candidates win in the style challenge with confidence, to speak clearly and with good makeup skills. Ngoc Thuy She chose to share her prize is a collection of Shiseido Cosmetics autumn-winter 2012 contract worth $ 10 million. Candidates are familiar with the experience of those who famously appeared on the red carpet with forest Outfitted camera, learn how to pose and show the crowd. For the first time, they feel they have truly become man-of-the-us. Loss of temper is the first thing to recognize with a few candidates. Nguyen Ngan quite a rush and stress of the past when asked about "rumors" of his. Or Duong Thanh handled clumsily put on comfortable being gay project. Impress challenging behavior in previous communications in many different styles that are Ngoc Thuy, Mai Giang, and Nha Truc, Thien Trang. Own immediate family, this smart girl awake surprisingly, though reporters had tried to "trap" to find her weaknesses. By the argument full of confidence, bravery and steely, Nha Truc again convincing victory in this challenging time. Shooting Pop Art style of the outfit quite sensitive Sabina's fashion underwear is one of the challenges of the girls this week. The girls are embarrassed to express themselves in front of the photographer's camera Vic Nguyen, however, there are many candidates have mastered the styling of this outfit and lingerie photos quite nice. In the evaluation, along with the dangers in the top Minh Nguyet - contestant has made outstanding progress last week, Mai Giang feel inferior and do not think I have the qualities to become the person strode on international catwalks. Due in part to the challenges of media pressure and the challenges of shooting the sexy outfits that she felt the pressure and lose confidence in themselves. However, the judges still retain decision for her Mai Giang and add 1 more chance. And finally, Minh Nguyet youngest sister to leave.
Episode 11.
Xuan Lan was invited to the studio two actors, including Dai Nghia Le Khanh and Top 7 school to teach acting. Dai Nghia Le Khanh and based on stories from the contestants themselves, turning it into skits, role-playing helps them more easily, but with a totally improvised script, bring pleasant surprises, contestants had to improvise and express the spirit acting through his role very truth from their previous experience. The result is not too hard to predict, who received the prize for this challenge is further immediate family, she received a movie voucher worth $ 20 million in all of Lotte Cinema systems nationwide. When you become a professional model, appearing in the online exchange on the TV or radio is one of the familiar activities. So the girls of Vietnam's Next Top Model was taken to the headquarters of the Xone FM - leading music channel for young people and engage in an online dialogue sessions assumptions. Of course they are completely unaware that the call on the audience to interact with them is the veteran MC XoneFM. Candidates turn to be included in the same studio with the help of three broadcasters Khang Nguyen, Ngoc Bao and Tuna. Thien Trang are all of the Xone FM broadcasters who voted best expressed by the very fact of sharing my family with voice filled with understanding. Thien Trang has also demonstrated that, when we put her feelings in order to solve such a problem, because we can suddenly bring good results. It is no coincidence that this is the image titled "Fly". Time America was imminent, 7 girls of Vietnam's Next Top Model 2012 need breaks to be able to fly further, not in the domestic market but also in the fashion capital of the world's biggest New York . In particular, the shooting was carried out on Chill Sky Bar, the top floor of the building AB Building. Not only that, to be able to see the entire city of Ho Chi Minh, the candidate must also demonstrate its implementation on the scaffold with more than 3m high. Of course, they've been wearing this same cable support of the stuntman to ensure safety. Nha Truc totally out of control in the shooting as high. Thien Trang is a girl suffering from fear of heights, but when she mentioned Nam Trung familiar saying "my hands on a ticket only to the United States", as she was energized and began to pose impressive. My Van Kha perfectly with the concept "Fly" by the looks of his performance did not show. Mai Giang own words, after last week's inferiority makes judges vulnerable, this week, as has awakened, she has had a break and shoot pretty well, therefore in the review and evaluation, she was praised Xuan Lan. In kind, Nguyen Ngan is to stop candidates for photos but not many breaks admittedly not picture her worse. However, her pose is quite simple and with strong character, of high-fashion outfits.
Episode 12.
The contestants had a meeting with school foreign language teachers from the International English Language Centre Apllo. The language training takes place in the very lively atmosphere. Although there is no perfect English skills but the contestants of Vietnam's Next Top Model has proved its efforts and they are confident with the interface simple. To help candidates prepare well for the upcoming trip to New York, said Jason Baumann, executive director of Beu Models Management has shared house in person to directly guide the contestants improve the lake What to have for the upcoming trip to New York, where there are 2 things that are indispensable Portfolio (Model Profile) and Compcard (Model Cards). In addition, candidates may also experiment with his casting sessions Beauman Jason. When to make the whole process in English interfered with some contestants as Duong Thanh, Ngoc Thuy. However, the interesting requirements will help participants become more confident when it comes to the actual casting session in New York. This week, six candidates will need to demonstrate true confidence and charm of a commercial challenges with the product of Shiseido lipstick Rouge Lacquer. This is a difficult challenge because, unlike the previous times still photography, the label represents a row in a promotional TVC stage requires a lot of skills on camera acting, voice processing skills, facial expressions, ... Nha Truc not avoid confusing moments when the dialogue memorized. Ngoc Thuy continues to be a "princess bubble" while continually create funny situations during shooting. Conversely, Kha Van completely get rid of a color casing 1, and became fast chatter lovely surprise. Mai Giang again shine as calm throughout the process of acting and showing off his abilities. Mai Giang women really did not trust the audience and the judges have shown excellence in the TVC. The comments of the last assessment also brings a lot of emotional highs and lows. This is the final assessment is recorded in Vietnam before Vietnam's Next Top Model crew traveled to New York. According to Xuan Lan judges, the contestants she can now be seen as a professional model. Therefore, instead of naming style often seen, she was affectionately known by her students name "model". Mai Giang, girls have been denied the opportunity to continue to accompany the program was suddenly the owner of the TVC is most impressive. Architecture In turn, U.S. Kha Van, Ngoc Thuy will receive the warm hug of judges Xuan Lan. Duong Thanh Thien Trang and the final two contestants. Xuan Lan judges revealed, both the face and the quartet worthy judges feel very difficult to arrive at their decisions. Duong Thanh named Thien Trang and while the tears are falling regret, instead of asking God to return home page gathered her belongings and left the competition as always, the sudden announcement Lan Xuan Thien Trang going home to pack for New York along with everyone. This makes 6 girls burst of emotion.
Episode 13.
Right from the first episode, the show continues to bring another surprise when one contestant was eliminated Nguyen Ngan in episode 11 was a surprise appearance at the airport and was the companion of the contestants casting for Fashion Week Page New York as a model of corporate management and training model Models baby. From the Top 8 contestants, the organizers have cooperated with the program management companies and modeling agencies Models do compcard baby and sent to New York to record the designers, fashion experts before casting through image. Also 6 contestants jury brings opportunities to New York, the same steps Nguyen Ngan also received received many offers to meet and invited for a casting of designers here. Get the chance to fashion capital New York, the girls of Vietnam's Next Top Model sees this as an opportunity to experience the work environment international experience and applying the lessons they have learned duration of the program, however, the unexpected happened next. Newly arrived in New York, they have been led continuous casting for the show in the Fashion Week New York Fashion Week Spring Summer 2013. And the 7 contestants of Vietnam's Next Top Model has done wonders candles they constantly receive large and small show in the framework of this fashion week. Although she is the candidate of a modeling contest, but with cross-training, training from basic to advanced, and exciting challenges, competitive pressures cause severe, the girls can do is hard and has confirmed their bravery in fashion capital New York. 7 Both candidates were excellent when invitations are received by Limelight Fashion Week show is part of New York Fashion Week; contestant Thien Trang received show by designer Nina Skara in Mercedses-Benz Fashion Week within the framework of the Fashion Week New York Fashion Week; Nguyen Ngan Giang Thien Trang and Mai received an invitation to attend the show by designer Adrian Alicea held at the church at large. Especially, Nguyen Ngan after casting ring tension and tough competition with other international model, she was the only contestant to receive an invitation to show by designer Zang Toi - one of the big show the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week takes place in the "white tent" at the prestigious Lincoln Center. In the assessment and collection of this kind, the girl of Vietnam's Next Top Model 2012 along with judges Xuan Lan of the traditional ao dai Vietnam daughter on U.S. soil. And again no one was kind, Nguyen Ngan get back with the program. 
Episode 14.
Candidates continue to go casting for the show of fashion designer Andres Aquino, the Couture Fashion Week as part of the Week New York Fashion Week. 7 Although both girls passed the casting but only 5 contestants were selected to perform in his show. After Duong Thanh, Nha Truc and removed after fitting rings, they were sitting in the audience to show tracking performance of the remaining contestants. The concert was held at the five-star Waldorf Astoria hotel with lots of guests and journalists. Then, all the contestants are sent at the casting agency top model in New York as IMG, Trump Model, Major Model or Elite Model. Candidates transformed into the real thing New Yorkers is the concept of the photoshoot this week. Each contestant prepared a different look and different contexts in Times Square. Then, seven contestants were taken to the Hearst headquarters. Ms. Kim St. Clair Bolden - chief editor of Cosmopolitan magazine globally shared them with the same criteria with interesting explanations of how the image of a girl Cosmopolitan. Just flew back to Vietnam, all 7 are fellow contestants broke down before the presence of his family. Family of Vietnam's Next Top Model has been moved to the house in the Vista An Phu general aboard luxury chauffeur-driven limousine. Together, they have prepared an intimate dinner, telling each other the experience of the competition, each showing different images. In the evaluation, the Top 3 were revealed including Thien Trang, Mai Kha My Van and Giang. They fully deserve the relentless efforts during the last leg of the journey. Ngan Nguyen is not in the Top 3 contestants of the competition also caused much regret for the audience. Particularly, Ngoc Thuy, Duong Thanh,Truc and weaknesses have not been able to overcome, but with the precious experience for the last time, they have grown more and bravery.
Final.
Night competition started with impressive video that introduces three contestants Thien Trang - Mai Giang - U.S. Kha Van.Mo first night's finale catwalk display of all the contestants this year's competition. With the pure white design, elegant, and simple hair straightening candidates demonstrate significant progress while striding on stage. MC Anh Tuan take audiences back in time to contest for the changes, progress of the contestants throughout the day from entering the contest, halting steps catwalk, the first professional photos for to professional image, its current splendor. Shortly thereafter, four judges turn came on stage. Xuan Lan incredibly gorgeous lace gown with iridescent blue. 3 judges remained loyal to the elegant black suit. Next, the 3 contestants appear suddenly. All 3 candidates are wearing white tutu, elegant and extremely graceful. After offering the audience, each candidate could turn out to catwalk skills than his previous professional jury and the viewers. The program continues to project images the way to the finale of the three candidates and their care the next night to reach the final exam. Then back 3 contestants catwalk outfit "swimsuit stylized" of designer Do Manh Cuong. After this performance, Xuan Lan expressed envy at first by the dress off her head's not glamorous contestants. In addition, she also continued to analyze the difficulties of handling 3 contestants gown bath robe so graceful, but still delicate and charming personality. Between programs, the familiar faces from the previous season as Hoang Thuy, Le Thuy, Le Thi Phuong, Thuy Duong, ... appear in the designer Andrian Tuan BST. Right after the fashion show is to pick the Top 2. And surprisingly Thien Trang is the contestant to leave the finale. Before the test photoshoot, singer Thanh Duy appear with the song Ha ha ha with the appearance of the contestants VNTM 2012. The implementation of the photoshoot inspired shoot from a circus show with the circle, turn them into layered, different routes. Mai Giang seem "helpless" than competitors while posing pretty hard and not really sexy. Meanwhile, U.S. Kha Van was the first on stage, she appeared to be "adventure" with music and props taken. Following the program, the candidates continue to appear VNTM 2012 and performed extremely prom dresses glamorous designer Do Manh Cuong. Hoang Le Thuy Thuy and continues to demonstrate the maturity of the "go ahead". Next to the Heavenly Home. She appeared very strong, confident and sexy. Finally, the top 2 of the competition gradually step forward in iridescent skirt. And the key moment came when the picture on the big screen ajar VNTM pictures of this year's winners: Mai Giang. An extremely unexpected results with most of the track competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36540406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540406" title="Valencic">
Valencic

Valencic, Valenčič or Valenčić is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36540412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540412" title="Antonio Cabangon Chua">
Antonio Cabangon Chua

Antonio L. Cabangon Chua is one of the Philippines' richest businessmen, a former ambassador to Laos and reserved colonel of the Armed Forces of the Philippines being an honorary member of PMA class '56. He graduated from the University of the East in 1956 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. He received a doctorate in the Humanities, honoris causa, from Adamson University. He is a Certified Public Accountant. His business interests include real estate, hotel, broadcasting, print media, banking and insurance. He founded the Citystate Savings Bank, Aliw Broadcasting Corporation, Fortune Life Insurance Co., Incorporated, Eternal Plans, Inc. and Citystate Properties and Management Corp. (CPMC). 
Cabangon Chua is a known philanthropist. He has a wife named Bienvenida Angeles with 7 children.

</doc>
<doc id="36540436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540436" title="GOST R Correspondence Certificate">
GOST R Correspondence Certificate

Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulation which is also called the Quality Certificate, Safety Certificate of the Customs Certificate appears to be the document that proves that the products or services correspond to law requirements of safety and quality in Russia.
Types.
Now there are two types of Correspondence Certificate in Russia: the GOST certificate of Correspondence to National Standards and the Certificate of Correspondence to a Technical Reglamentation. The explanation of this is as follows: the Technical Reglamentations began being developed and enforced not long ago and that is why they are not able to regulate the Certification Process in Russia in full form. Until the technical Reglamentation replace the GOST Standards, the latest also take part in regulation of the certification process on the Russian territory It should also mentioned proving correspondence to Technical Conditions (TC), but generally this method is used in voluntary certification
The term.
Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulationmay be given only by an authorized organ in the sphere of certification. The document may be given for the period of 1, 2 or 3 years in the case of series production. If the certificate is given for the party of the products, its term is unlimited. Such type of certification is typical for the parties of foreign products that are delivered into the Russian territory according invoice or a contract.
How to get.
It is possible to receive the Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulation after providing the documents package to the certification center. One of the necessary documents required for certification is the test protocol. The document may be given by any laboratory authorized for certification tests after testing the products for correspondence to legislative requirements. Generally certification laboratories check the products for environmental and consumer safety as well as they correspond to the claimed characteristics mentioned in technical documentation to the real characteristics.
The schemes of certification.
Scheme 1.
Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulationmay be drawn up according to the contract. In this case the certificate must contain the date about products tests (the date and the number of the testing protocol). The certificate of this type generally includes the correct name of the Certificate Receiver and the Product Manufacturer, the date and the number of the contract and the scheme of certification. Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulationis generally drawn up in the case when the import is not limited by the one-time delivery of the products. After drawing up such document the applicant may import production during a year.
Scheme 2.
The Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulation may be drawn up for the party of products. In such case there is no need in drawing up the testing protocol, but the certificate must include the date and the number of invoice. Such kind of certificates is drawn up when importing the test party of some kin of products because it is valid only for a limited party of goods. The Correspondence Certificate is provided with the open date. Generally, this kind of certificate is given, for example, for equipment
Scheme 3.
Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulationfor the serial output of production may be drawn up only after certification tests. It is valid from one to three years. This kind of document may be drawn up by both inner and foreign manufacturer.
The ways of getting Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulation.
Manufacturers may get the Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulation both obligatory and voluntary. The voluntary Certificate of Conformity to Technical Regulation is drawn up on the yellow blank while the voluntary on – on the blue blank. By the voluntary certification it is the manufacturer who chooses the parameters on which to certificate. That is the reason why the voluntary certification is used by large manufacturers and the trade representatives for proving of the correspondence of their production to the requirements of TС as well as to additional GOST standards which are not used by the obligatory certification.

</doc>
<doc id="36540452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540452" title="Salisbury Reds (bus company)">
Salisbury Reds (bus company)

Salisbury Reds is a bus company operating bus services in the Salisbury and Amesbury areas formerly operated under the Wilts & Dorset name. It forms part of the larger Go South Coast division of the Go-Ahead Group.
History.
PulseLine was the name of services round Salisbury to the District Hospital and ran until 2010 when the PulseLine brand was replaced by "Sailsbury Reds" using the previous Mercedes-Benz Citaros repainted in the revised Wilts & Dorset livery with "Sailsbury Reds" branding. In addition to the Citaros, ex Southern Vectis Dennis Dart MPDs were transferred and repainted into Wilts & Dorset bus livery with branding applied.
Routes branding.
Eight routes use the Salisbury reds branding:
Salisbury Park and Ride.
This service began operation in March 2001 to one park and ride site, Beehive, to the north of Salisbury city centre. A second site was opened at Wilton in 2005, and two more followed, taking the total to four. A fifth site was later opened at Petersfinger, to the south-east of the city. 
Initially the routes used Optare Excels in a light green and white livery. In 2005 these were replaced by new Volvo B7RLEs, also in green and white; for a short period in late 2004 the service was operated using 'more' branded B7RLEs.
In February 2011 Wilts & Dorset lost the contract to operate the Salisbury Park and Ride network to independent operator Hatts Travel.
The Stonehenge Tour.
The Stonehenge Tour was rebranded in 2008, linking Salisbury Rail Station, the city centre and Stonehenge. A recorded commentary describes the views along the length of the route. The tour was operated by Wills & Dorset Optare Spectras, but is now run using a combination of Scania Omnidekka and Scania Olympus vehicles, which have been specially painted in a New Stonehenge Tour Livery.
Activ8.
Activ8 is a joint half hourly service between Salisbury and Andover via Tidworth operated in partnership with Stagecoach South and supported by Wiltshire and Hampshire County Councils. The Activ8 brand was launched in February 2007. Wilts & Dorset primarily use specially branded Enviro 400s on the route, having previously used Scania OmniCitys and Optare Spectras.

</doc>
<doc id="36540461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540461" title="Mullewa – Meekatharra railway">
Mullewa – Meekatharra railway

The Mullewa - Meekatharra railway was a section of the Northern Railway in Western Australia.
Branch lines.
The Cue to Big Bell and Mount Magnet to Sandstone were branch railways that connected with this railway.
The Meekatharra to Wiluna railway was an extension of the line in operation between 1932 and 1957.
As part of the "Northern Line".
The Mullewa station was connected to both Geraldton and to Perth, and Meekatharra was not the final location of the line, but Wiluna - further east.
Conditions.
The Mullewa to Meekatharra line was regularly affected by washaways during wet weather 
Closure.
The Mullewa to Meekatharra line was closed on the 1st May 1978 
Sections.
Mullewa to Meekatharra line sections:

</doc>
<doc id="36540465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540465" title="Norway Lutheran Church and Cemetery">
Norway Lutheran Church and Cemetery

The Norway Lutheran Church and Cemetery are located 10 miles south of Denbigh, North Dakota and were listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1994. The NRHP listing includes the main church structure, a cemetery, and two contributing privies to the west and rear of the church, all situated on a site. A pyramid-shaped monument topped with an iron cross is located at the northeast corner of the cemetery and marks site of an older log church. Norwegian skier Sondre Norheim was buried in the cemetery in 1897.
The church was built in 1907 with sand bricks from the Denbigh Brick Plant. The church was designed in a Late Gothic Revival style with a bell tower that reaches a height of 65 feet from the foundation. It was built on a hill above the Souris River and is visible for miles.
The inclusion of the site on the NRHP was based on its historic integrity, its being "one of the best and well-maintained examples of a rural church" on the North Dakota prairie, and the use of bricks rather than wood in the construction of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="36540481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540481" title="Valent">
Valent

Valent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540497" title="Valentić">
Valentić

Valentić is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36540525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540525" title="Jörg Hacker">
Jörg Hacker

Jörg Hinrich Hacker (born 13 February 1952 in Grevesmühlen, Mecklenburg) is a German microbiologist. From 2008 to 2010 he was president of the Robert Koch Institute. Since 2010 he has been president of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. He is the editor-in-chief of the "International Journal of Medical Microbiology".
Biography.
Hacker studied biology from 1970 to 1974 at the Martin Luther University in Halle and obtained his PhD in 1979. From 1980 to 1988 he worked as a junior researcher at the University of Würzburg, where he obtained his habilitation in microbiology in 1986.
From 1988 until 1993, Hacker was professor of microbiology at the University of Würzburg. In 1993 he moved to the chair for Molecular Infection Biology, which he held until 2008. From 2003 to 2009, he was vice president of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft. From March 2008 to March 2010, he succeeded Reinhard Kurth as president of the Robert Koch Institute. On 1 October 2009, Hacker was elected president of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. The solemn inauguration ceremony took place on 26 February 2010 and his official starting date was 1 March 2010.
Work.
His main research interests are the molecular analysis of bacterial pathogens, their spread and variability, as well as their interactions with host cells. From 2001 to 2008 he served as co-coordinator of the BMBF programs PathoGenoMik and PathoGenoMik Plus.

</doc>
<doc id="36540527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540527" title="Pablo Díaz Stalla">
Pablo Díaz Stalla

Pablo Javier Díaz Stalla (born 25 March 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right defender.
Football career.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Díaz played professionally in Spain, amassing La Liga totals of 330 games and six goals over the course of 13 seasons for Sporting de Gijón and Real Zaragoza. He made his debut in the competition with the former on 23 September 1990, coming on as a late substitute in a 3–1 home win against Athletic Bilbao, and scored his first league goal in the following campaign, against the same rival and also at the "El Molinón" (3–2 success).
In the 1998 summer, after the Asturians' top flight relegation, Díaz signed for Zaragoza, remaining with the club until his retirement at the age of 32.

</doc>
<doc id="36540528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540528" title="Granville State Bank">
Granville State Bank

The Granville State Bank, also known as the Former Granville Service Agency, is a two-story commercial building on Main Street in Granville, North Dakota. The structure was built by Granville State Bank president George E. Stubbins in 1903 using sandstone and prairie granite from Kottke Valley Township to the northwest. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NHRP) in 1977. It served as the headquarters for the state banking board's examiners and receivers until 1929. It was occupied by the Granville State Bank from 1929 until the time of the bank's liquidation in 1941. An International Harvester dealership also did business in the building.
The bank had "ornate wooden fixtures" which were transferred in 1973 to a bank museum within what was the First Bank of Crosby, at Divide County Pioneer Village in Crosby, North Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="36540532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540532" title="Valentijn">
Valentijn

Valentijn is both a masculine Dutch given name and a surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540534" title="Chinese frigate Dongguan">
Chinese frigate Dongguan

Dongguan (560) is a Type 053H1G (Jianghu-V) frigate of the People's Liberation Army Navy. 
The frigate is based at in Mischief Reef, 76 nautical miles from Half Moon Shoal. On 25 February 2011 she was involved in a confrontation in Jackson Atoll with three fishing boats from the Philippines. She ran aground on Half Moon Shoal on 11 July 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36540537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540537" title="Woodmancote, Cirencester">
Woodmancote, Cirencester

Woodmancote is a Cotswolds village near Cirencester, Gloucestershire, England. The village lies just off the A435. The village is in area.

</doc>
<doc id="36540544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540544" title="Laio dos Santos">
Laio dos Santos

Laio Azeredo dos Santos (born 2 May 1989), simply knowns as Laio or Layo, is a Brazilian footballer, who plays as a center forward. He is a free agent.
Career.
Early career.
Laio spent most of his early years playing in his native Brazil. During the 2009-10 season, he managed to score 2 times in 8 appearances for Botafogo.
Gloria Bistrița.
In the summer of 2012, he agreed to join the Romanian team Gloria Bistrița. He made his debut in a match against Astra Ploiești which concluded in a defeat. He scored his first goal in an official match at ACF Gloria 1922 Bistriţa in a draw against FC Petrolul Ploieşti. He entered the field, then his first touch was a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36540578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540578" title="Under Control">
Under Control

Under Control may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540583" title="Staveley, New Zealand">
Staveley, New Zealand

Staveley is a town in the Ashburton District, Canterbury, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36540585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540585" title="Japji Khaira">
Japji Khaira

Japji Khaira (Punjabi: ਜਪੁਜੀ ਖਹਿਰਾ) is a Punjabi Film Actress. She was born in Punjab and brought up in Australia. She won the title 'Miss World Punjaban 2006' held on 16 December at Ludhiana.
Career.
Japji Khaira made her debut in the movie Mitti Wajaan Maardi opposite Harbhajan Maan. She did a cameo role in Punjabi movie Dharti (2011 film).
And last, She was seen in Singh vs Kaur alongside Gippy Grewal, Surveen Chawla.
References.
Official Facebook Fan Page

</doc>
<doc id="36540590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540590" title="Valentim">
Valentim

Valentim may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540597" title="Irsyad Aras">
Irsyad Aras

Irsyad Aras (born March 4, 1979 in Polewali Mandar Regency, West Sulawesi) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League. His brother Ardan Aras is also a professional footballer, who currently plays for Mitra Kukar FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36540617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540617" title="Emis Killa">
Emis Killa

Emiliano Rudolf Giambelli (born November 14, 1989, in Vimercate, Italy), best known as Emis Killa, is an Italian rapper.
Career.
2007-2010: The beginnings.
In 2007, at just 18 years old, he was the winner of an Italian freestyle competition called "TecnichePerfette"
Emis Killa cooperated with the independent company Blocco Recordz with which he published a mixtape, “Keta Music” (2009) with original songs and beats of American productions and “Champagne e Spine”(2010), street album published online done with collaboration of some important Italian hip hop names.
2011-2012:The Flow Clocker vol.1 and L'erba cattiva.
In 2011 he published the mixtape “The Flow Clocker vol.1.” with his own manager. He signed with Carosello Records, and on December 19, 2011 by digital download he published a new street album “Il Peggiore” (The Worst). At the same time Emis Killa came out with a new remix of “I Need a Dollar” by Aloe Blacc, played on many Italian radio stations.
In January 2012 he published the album “L’erba cattiva” which rose to number 5 on the FIMI chart of the most sold albums in Italy, staying in the top 20 for the 3 next months. Many hip hop Italian artists have collaborated to this album including Fabri Fibra, Guè Pequeno, Tormento and Marracash. 16 months after the release of the CD, it came back to the top ten of the most sold CDS, climbing up to number 4.
The music video for his song "Parole di ghiaccio" (Words of Ice), the third track from the album "L'erba cattiva", had received 7.5 million views on YouTube in less than two weeks, 15 million views in less than a month, and 20 million in three months. Breaking the record for Italian music. On 5 May, Emis Killa won 'best emerging artist of 2012' at the TRL awards. On 7 June 2012 he received the golden disc award for his album “L’Erba Cattiva”; whilst his singles “Parole di ghiaccio” and “Se il mondo fosse” were awarded as the platinum disc in result of 30,000 digital downloads. On 15 October he won the Best Italian Act at the MTV Europe Music Awards, beating artists such as Club Dogo, Marracash, Cesare Cremonini and Giorgia. 
In November he published “L’ Erba Cattiva-Gold Version”, including “Il King”, soundtrack to the movie “I 2 soliti idioti”. On 12 December, during the Hip Hop Awards in the category of Best New Artist and Best Collaboration he won along with Club Dogo, J-Ax and Marracash with his song “Se il mondo fosse”.
2013-2014:Mercurio and BET Hip Hop Awards.
In February 2013 he received a nomination during the Kids’ Choice Award 2013 for the category “Migliore cantante italiano” (Best Italian singer).
On July 17, 2013 he released the single #Vampiri should anticipate his second studio album, Mercurio, released on October 22. 
At the end of 2013, the rapper takes part in the BET Hip Hop Awards in U.S.A., in Atlanta Civic Center, representing Italy under the bases of one of the best DJs: DJ Premier.
In New York City he filmed his video in the song Straight Rydah also shot in the American television channels.
In BET Hip Hop Awards, Ed Lover has, however, rejected the italian rapper, annoyed by his performance made entirely in italian language, saying: "Were needed the subtitles for the piece of Emis, and that maybe the bars were not even in rhyme. Go back to Italy with this shit. Go to to eat spaghetti, lasagna, pasta... maybe that shit you said likes in Italy ... It takes away from that shit here.»
Emis Killa replied saying that he is no one and a racist, sparking a quarrel on the web.
Personal life.
He comes from a modest family: his mother, originally from Palermo, has always worked as a factory worker metalwork, while his father was from Vimercate and he was a musician playing the piano in several bands of Brianza; he also suffered from bipolar disorder and died in 2009 of cardiac arrest.
After gaining the early successes, the rapper moved to Milan, to then return to Vimercate, declaring: "I tried to go to live in Milan, but was short lived and I'm back in Vimercate, the Brianza not let you go: now I'm in the home where I was born and where my father was before separating from my mother.".
Disputes.
With Moreno.
Emis Killa and Moreno Donadoni are certainly among the most popular young rappers of 2010s in the hip-hop made in Italy. Between the two, however, does not seem to run good blood...
In 2009, during the Final battle of Tecniche Perfette (Freestyle battle), Moreno had attacked Emis Killa because he had not voted for him. Emis Killa swears that that episode has forgotten and he said: "We have now made peace, he's nonetheless apologized to me for having that reaction..."
Yet, in spite of the peace, Emis Killa has ruled out a collaboration with Moreno, saying: "He has lost credibility in the eyes of those who represent the world of rap. Working with him I would do a lot of my fans unhappy, because the mass thinks in his own way... "

</doc>
<doc id="36540619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540619" title="List of Bill Evans tribute albums">
List of Bill Evans tribute albums

This is a chronological list of Bill Evans tribute albums.

</doc>
<doc id="36540642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540642" title="List of compositions by Bill Evans">
List of compositions by Bill Evans

This list contains the known compositions of Bill Evans. It is likely that some of his works have not survived or remain unpublished, for example, a piece titled "Very Little Suite", an assignment composed during his college years.

</doc>
<doc id="36540643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540643" title="Chertsey, New Zealand">
Chertsey, New Zealand

Chertsey is a town in the Ashburton District, of New Zealand's South Island. It is located close to State Highway 1, which bypasses the town to the west, between Ashburton and Rakaia on the Canterbury Plains. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 1920, of which 1044 were male and 876 were female.

</doc>
<doc id="36540646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540646" title="1988 OFC U-20 Championship">
1988 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1988 was held in Suva, Fiji. It also served as qualification for the intercontinental play-offs for the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group 1.
<br>
Group 2.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
Australia and New Zealand both failed to qualify for the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship. They finished 3rd and 4th in an intercontinental play-off group with Syria and Qatar. All matches were played in Aleppo, Syria.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36540659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540659" title="Capital Allowances Act 2001">
Capital Allowances Act 2001

The Capital Allowances Act 2001 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36540694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540694" title="Cross channel">
Cross channel

Cross channel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540696" title="Fairton, New Zealand">
Fairton, New Zealand

Fairton is a town in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 1185, of which 612 were male and 573 were female.
For more information about the area see the regions website.

</doc>
<doc id="36540713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540713" title="Relations in Motion">
Relations in Motion

Relations in Motion (RiM) is a voluntary voluntary organization in Bangladesh Bangladesh which dedicated to convey the voice of young generation and encourage them to get involved in community in order to promote primary education among illiterate people, eradicate extreme poverty by fund raising, deal with natural calamity and environmental issues, rapport building in community etc.
Origins.
“Relationships through voluntarism” with this motto of RiM. “RiM” was established on August 4, 2011 by a group of youth. It is a platform for youth to develop and enhance their communicative and leadership skills, to innovate new ideas, public speaking etc. The organization’s main aims and objectives are making a good relationship with community and reduce social problem through voluntarism, empowering the youth, making illiterate free Bangladesh, removing social disparity, conducting social awareness campaign, making students apt for the age by conducting seminars, conferences, workshops, various competitions etc. They conduct skills development workshops, extensive training for youth, various projects and social awareness campaigns, and promotional activities.
Aims and Objectives.
As a youth voluntary organization the RiM's aims are:
Activities.
The principal activities of ‘RiM’ are:
Cleaning project.
“Think clean, think green,Make it Habit” with this slogan “Relations in Motion” organized a cleaning campaign on March 11, 2012 in Jahangirnagar University which was shaped to set up an example in Jahangirnagar University as well as in Bangladesh so that other can follow.
100 students from different university and colleges and 20 teachers joined this two hours long cleaning campaign wearing a green t-shirt.
The rationality of this cleaning campaign project is:
Main Goals
Target Group
Rapport Building in the Chittagong Hill Tracts (CHT) through University Student Leaders.
The goal of the project is to address the challenges of Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh and make a good relationship between indigenous hilly people and mainstreamedBengalis. Almost 50 university student leaders were promoted primary education in remote hilly areas within mainly those people who are out of education. As well the student leaders had given a series of presentations more than 10 schools/colleges in three Hill Tracts districts, till 19 July 2012.
The first ever “Inter University Indigenous-Bengali Student Conference” will be held in Jahangirnagar University, Savar, Dhaka for better mutual understanding and development of the CHT. Along with students trusted and popular political scientists, human rights activists, and intellectuals will attend the conference.
The project will improve the knowledge and understanding of the people of the CHT in which the target group primarily is youth. The series of presentations will build awareness about ethnic cultural coherence, human rights, good governance, etc. The student leaders, on the other hand, will go through 10 extensive leadership and skill development workshops, public speaking, group work and dynamics, and community-building.
References.
−

</doc>
<doc id="36540725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540725" title="By Heart">
By Heart

By Heart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540732" title="Rendy Siregar">
Rendy Siregar

Rendy Siregar (born on September 14, 1986 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36540739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540739" title="Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Ireland">
Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Ireland

The Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Ireland (CPA Ireland) is a professional body for Certified Public Accountants (CPAs) in Ireland. It is one of the main Irish accountancy bodies, with 5,000 members and students.
The CPA designation is the most commonly used designation worldwide for professional accountants. CPA Ireland was founded in 1943, and the Institute's qualification is recognised in many other countries under mutual recognition agreements. Its members work in accountancy firms, the public sector, the financial services, and other private sector businesses.
The Institute is a member of the Consultative Committee of Accountancy Bodies – Ireland (CCAB – I), a founding member of the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC), and a member of the Fédération des Experts Comptables Européens (FEE), the representative organisation for the profession in Europe.
CPA Ireland has headquarters in Dublin and Belfast.
History of CPA Ireland.
The Institute of Certified Public Accountants was founded as the Society of Public Accountants on 29 January 1943.
The first two students sat their CPA exams in 1951 and that number has since grown to over 5000 members and students in 2011.
In 1961 the Society gained legal recognition and changed its name to The Irish Society of Certified Public Accountants Ltd; this was changed again in 1971 to The Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Ireland.
The Institute was invited to join the Consultative Committee of Accountancy Bodies – Ireland in 1991.
CPA Ireland held merger discussions with the 20,000-member Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland in 2001 and again in 2003, but on both occasions the respective Councils of each body decided not to proceed to a vote of members on the issue.
Council of the Institute.
The Council of the Institute is made up of 16 elected members and up to three non-members, including the President and Vice-Presidents of the Institute. The Council meets approximately eight times a year to set policy on areas like the regulation of members in the public interest, the growth and development of the Institute and examination and training standards.
The office-holders for 2014/2015 are:
Qualification.
Students do not need a business or accountancy-related degree to become an accountant; CPA students include school-leavers, mature students and graduates. Previous qualifications may entitle students to exemptions.
Students can study at 16 approved educators around Ireland. There is no registration fee required and students can avail themselves of full-time, part-time, distance, weekend and e-learning options.
There are four stages of examinations with the CPA Institute; Formation 1 and 2 and Professional 1 and 2.
Students must complete three years of training to apply for membership of the CPA. Training can take place in practice, industry or both. Students may first study for the CPA exams and obtain the required training at a later date.
Practice.
CPA Members who wish to engage in public practice must hold a practising certificate, which requires completion of a Practice Orientation Course and examination, and two years' experience in their intended practice area after admission to membership.
Audit.
To be eligible to act as an auditor, CPA members must hold an audit certificate, requiring a practising certificate and an audit qualification. To obtain this, members must have three years' experience supervised by a registered auditor.
Role.
As the Institute is a recognised body, it has a statutory obligation to oversee the professional activities of its members in practice, ensuring that education and training standards are maintained.
"The role of the Institute is to:
Mutual recognition.
CPA Ireland members work in over 40 countries. The Institute has Mutual Recognition Agreements (MRAs) with CPA Australia,
ICA India, ICA Bangladesh and CGA Canada.
The Institute also has Memorandums of Understanding (MOU) with the South African Institute of Professional Accountants (SAIPA), CPA Sri Lanka, the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN) and CPA Bulgaria.
CPA Ireland also has Memorandums of Understanding with CPA Rwanda, CPA Zimbabwe and the Lithuanian Chamber of Auditors and is recognised as an approved body of auditors in New Zealand.
World Bank contracts.
In 2011, CPA Ireland was awarded two World Bank contracts worth $1.5 million to develop the accountancy profession in Rwanda and Mozambique.

</doc>
<doc id="36540742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540742" title="1990 OFC U-20 Championship">
1990 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1990 was held in Fiji. It also served as qualification for the intercontinental play-off for the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Matches.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
Australia qualified for the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship by beating Israel in an intercontinental play-off. Matches were played on 6 and 9 March 1991 in Sydney, Australia. Despite both matches being played in the same city, Australia still won on away goals.

</doc>
<doc id="36540762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540762" title="Ooh... diese Ferien">
Ooh... diese Ferien

Ooh... diese Ferien is a 1958 Austrian film directed by Franz Antel.

</doc>
<doc id="36540766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540766" title="Divide County Museum">
Divide County Museum

The Divide County Museum, which has also been known as the Divide County Pioneer Village, is a museum and local heritage center located in Crosby, North Dakota. The site includes approximately 25 restored historical buildings, including two churches, a schoolhouse, print shop, general store, sawmill, blacksmith shop, baker, and the former First Bank of Crosby. Dedicated in 1979, the museum is operated by the Divide County Historical Society and has held threshing shows at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="36540769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540769" title="Bosnian Movement of National Pride">
Bosnian Movement of National Pride

Bosnian Movement of National Pride is a national-socialist political organization in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The organization was founded on 5 January 2009 by nationalists in Sarajevo.
Their full name is Bosnian Movement of National Pride, short: BPNP. The movement acts in whole Bosnia (and Herzegovina) through branches in the cities where they exist.

</doc>
<doc id="36540782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540782" title="Independent woman">
Independent woman

"Independent woman" is a term explored by various sources in popular culture. Rapper Roxanne Shanté’s 1989 rendition of “Independent Woman” highlighted relationships and asked women not to dote on partners who do not reciprocate. Similarly, the definition of an “Independent Woman” in the Urban Dictionary is “A woman who pays her own bills, buys her own things, and does not allow a man to affect her stability or self-confidence. She supports herself entirely on her own and is proud to be able to do so.”
Pop & R&B Music.
Kelly Clarkson takes a different stance on the subject in her song “Miss Independent.” She links independence to relationships and the idea that it is very difficult for one to be independent and be in a relationship at the same time. She expresses a fear that many adults-both men and women-have:the loss of independence in exchange for a relationship and family life. Some relationships might warrant this fear because giving up independence can be a natural part of the life cycle. However, independence is often lost as they develop a relationship with a significant other, and they must work together. While her lyrics do a great job of defining independence and exploring the affect it can have on a relationship, she does not present a solution.
Destiny's Child’s 2000 song, “Independent Women”, encourages women to be strong and independent for the sake of their dignity and not for the sake of impressing men. Destiny's Child frowns upon the idea of depending on anyone: “If you’re gonna brag, make sure it’s your money you flaunt/depend on no one else to give you what you want”. The singers claim their independence through their financial stability.
Rap music.
The archetype of the "independent woman" is particularly emphasized today in the hip- hop genre in which male and female rappers discuss it frequently. Moody, Professor of Journalism at Baylor University described the "independent black woman" phenomenon in two 2011 articles titled "A rhetorical analysis of the meaning of the 'independent woman'" and the "The meaning of 'Independent Woman' in music".
The articles indicated that the lyrics and videos of male and female rappers portrayed "independent women" differently. Using the concept of intersectionality, Moody's rhetorical analysis combined feminist and critical cultural theories to explore the meanings of the 'independent woman' in the lyrics and respective videos of male and female rappers. She concluded that songs by various artists, corresponding music videos, and viewer comments contained four main messages: wealth equals independence, beauty and independence are connected, average men deserve perfect women, and sexual prowess equals independence. Male rappers were more likely to include messages of beautiful, overachieving women paired with average men, while female rappers focus on their own sexual prowess.

</doc>
<doc id="36540784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540784" title="George Heriot Swanston">
George Heriot Swanston

George Heriot Swanston (7 May 1814 Edinburgh) was a foremost Scottish map engraver, particularly noted for his engravings and vignettes illustrating Archibald Fullarton & Co’s “Royal Illustrated Atlas” in the 1860s. He often collaborated with another Scot, the cartographer John Bartholomew. George Heriot was the son of George Swanston who had married Margaret Heriot on 2 November 1807 at Canongate in Edinburgh.
Marriage.
George Heriot Swanston was married twice - first to Margaret Burgess in 1835, second to Agnes Boon, daughter of John Boon, on 1 March 1847 in the Edinburgh Parish.<br>
Children:

</doc>
<doc id="36540795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540795" title="Woodmancote, Gloucestershire">
Woodmancote, Gloucestershire

Woodmancote, Gloucestershire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540800" title="Perris Depot">
Perris Depot

The Perris Depot is a railroad depot built in 1892 to serve Perris, California. The station replaced a previous wooden structure at the same site on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway line, originally the California Southern Railroad. 
History.
The station was built by J.W. Nance, a Perris developer, and was designed by Benjamin Franklin Levet, Sr., son-in-law to Fred T. Perris. The depot served both passenger traffic and the considerable agricultural traffic associated with the farmlands of the Perris Valley. However, passenger traffic declined and ended in 1947. Agriculture declined due to limited water supplies and salinization, and farms were replaced with suburbs. All but one track in the station yard was abandoned in 1975. From 1974 the depot has been used by the Perris Valley Historical and Museum Association as a museum of local history. In the 1990s the depot was proposed as a commuter rail station.
Description.
The red brick depot is in the Queen Anne style, with a conical-roofed turret, round windows and an arched entry. The depot is a one-story structure, generally rectangular in plan, with a raised central mass at right angles to the plan with flanking wings. The central mass features an arched entry on one side and a projecting round bay with a cupola opposite. The brick gables are partly hipped, with prominent "PERRIS" signs on each. A comb-like finial decorates the ridge of the central roof mass and wings, with "SANTA FE" signs facing either platform.
Present use.
The Perris Depot is used by the Orange Empire Railway Museum as a terminus for its excursion train line. The depot was renovated in 2007-2008. The Perris Multimodal Transit Center was opened in 2010 adjacent to the depot, with bus and Metrolink train service. The Metrolink line extension through Perris is expected to be completed by the end of 2013. The museum continues to operate in the depot. 
The depot was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 5, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36540807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540807" title="Michael Cramer">
Michael Cramer

Michael Cramer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36540881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540881" title="Acton, New Zealand">
Acton, New Zealand

Acton is a place in Canterbury, Ashburton District, New Zealand. Acton is in the Dorie School zoning school area.

</doc>
<doc id="36540899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540899" title="Febriyanto Wijaya">
Febriyanto Wijaya

Febriyanto Wijaya (born February 20, 1990, in Makassar) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League. He is a descendant of Tionghoa.

</doc>
<doc id="36540900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540900" title="Meekatharra – Wiluna railway">
Meekatharra – Wiluna railway

The Meekatharra to Wiluna railway was a branch line of the Western Australian Government Railways that extended the Mullewa – Meekatharra railway from Meekatharra to Wiluna. Wiluna was the furthest rail terminus from Perth on the Western Australian Government Railways system. 
Overview.
Construction began in the late 1920s, and the line operated between 1932 and 1957, mainly serving the Wiluna gold mining area.
However Wiluna was also at the end of the Canning Stock Route from Halls Creek in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, and so the railway became a vital means of dispatching cattle intended for southern markets. 
The track was susceptible to washaways.

</doc>
<doc id="36540907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540907" title="Andy Allen (chef)">
Andy Allen (chef)

Andrew Peter "Andy" Allen (born 30 April 1988) is an Australian television cook, notable for winning the fourth season of MasterChef Australia in 2012. 
Before winning MasterChef, Allen was an electrician.
"MasterChef Australia".
Allen competed in the fourth season of MasterChef Australia. After making it to the final, Allen beat fellow finalists Audra Morrice and Julia Taylor in a three-way contest. Facing only Taylor for the final two rounds, Allen won with a score of 76 to Taylor's 68.
He is the youngest winner of MasterChef Australia.
Personal life.
Allen is an electrician by occupation and is a basketball player with the Maitland Mustangs. He also volunteered to work on extensions to his local basketball stadium. 
Allen's father Peter is a teacher at Bolwarra Public School, and is also the primary cricket convenor for the NSW Primary Schools Sports Association. 
Allen also appeared in an episode of MasterChef Australia All-Stars in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36540908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540908" title="Woodmancote, Dursley">
Woodmancote, Dursley

Woodmancote is a small village near Dursley in Gloucestershire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36540917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540917" title="Michael Cramer (actor)">
Michael Cramer (actor)

Michael Cramer (1 March 1930 in Wickrath - 28 November 2000 Munich) was a German actor.

</doc>
<doc id="36540984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540984" title="Shahul Hameed (umpire)">
Shahul Hameed (umpire)

Moideen Shahul Hameed (born 26 November 1970) is an Indonesian cricket umpire. He stood in ten ODI games between 2006 and 2007. Hameed was a member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) Associate and Affiliate Panel of Umpires from 2006 until 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36540991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36540991" title="Manzoor Ul Haq Siddiqi">
Manzoor Ul Haq Siddiqi

Manzoor Ul Haq Siddiqi (Urdu:منطورالحق صدیقی; April 12, 1917 – July 27, 2004) was a professor, activist, historian and an active supporter of Pakistan Movement. An associate of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and a paramount figure in the establishment of Pakistan. He served as a professor of Mathematics and Urdu in Cadet College Hasan Abdal (1954–1980) and was among the founding teachers of the institute. Due to his integral and phenomenal role in the establishment of Pakistan he was awarded Tehreek-e-Pakistan Gold medal by Government of the Punjab.
In retirement, Siddiqi's work authoring several books and educating youngsters for different boarding institutes of Pakistan was distinguished. He suffered a debilitating paralysis stroke on July 24, 2001, and died on July 27, 2004 at the age of 87.
Background.
M.H.Siddiqi's ancestors migrated to India during the rule of Qazi Qawam-ud-din. During the rule of Tughlaq and Mughals, many of his patriarchs were appointed on higher and honorable designations. In 1857, during the Indian Rebellion, many of his antecedents were arrested and hanged for treason and their properties were confiscated by the British because of taking part in the war against them. Siddiqi mentioned about all the history of these incidents in his book "Maatherul Ajdad". His family was known for converting the Rajput's of Haryana to Muslims.
Early life.
Siddiqi was born to IzharUllah Siddiqi and Amtul Begum on April 12, 1917 to a middle-class family in Rohtak district, India. He had two brothers: Talibullah and Shifaullah and one sister. Siddiqi completed his Masters in Arts from Punjab University and displayed prodigious talent in studies as well as in sports. Later on in 1937,he joined "Punjab Muslim Students Federation" and became a prominent figure. He attended the Lahore Resolution in 1940 and in 1941, and was among the key activists of Jinnah in "Pakistan Conference" by playing an important role under his leadership. He migrated with his family from Rohtak, India to Rawalpindi Pakistan after partition of subcontinent.
Political career and influence of Jinnah.
Siddiqi had been a firm supporter of Jinnah in the Pakistan Movement. He worked side by side of Jinnah and was a member of the welcome committee of "Pakistan conference" which was held on March 21, 1941. In the second Muslim Student Federation rally, which was held on March 8, 1942 in Rawalpindi, Siddiqi conducted the whole rally and was the president of the Welcome Committee. He took full responsibility of the rally and during this rally he introduced a new pamphlet of "Live and Let Live". This was the rally in which Muslim Student Federation was officially welcomed in Qarardad-e-Pakistan. He was also one of the 8 members of "Special Pakistan conference" whose soul purpose was to educate the Muslims living in the villages. He was also a member of the "Pakistan Rural Propaganda Committee". This committee played a major role in establishing new branches of Muslim League in the Punjab and was among the leading parties in the rebellion against "Khizar Wazarat" in Punjab. During his visit to Rohtak, Siddiqi officially started the propaganda. During the same month, Jinnah requested Punjab's Chief Minister Sir Sikandar Hayat and other employees of Muslim League to resign from the Viceroy's National Defense Council for which the "Pakistan Rural Propaganda Committee" made major arrangements for the rally. This rally continued till the resignation of Sir Sikandar Hayat. 
Muhammad Ali Jinnah, visited Rawalpindi only once during his lifetime and that was on the invitation of then young student leader Manzoor ul Haq Siddiqui in 1945.
Teaching career.
After the establishment of Pakistan, Siddiqi stopped working in the political parties and instead started working for the education sector of Pakistan. In 1954, he joined Cadet College Hasan Abdal and was among the founding teachers of the college. He served as the housemaster of Haider and Auragnzeb wing during his tenure. He was also the coach of Hasanabdal's college football team. He used to teach mathematics and Urdu during his 26 years of stay in the college. He retired from Cadet College in 1980. After his retirement, he started coaching prospective students for different boarding institutions of Pakistan and was considered to be a role model for the teachers of such boarding institutes. His contributions in the field of literature and education were acknowledged and then President General Zia ul Haq awarded him with the Presidential Gold Medal.
Personal life.
Siddiqi married Sarwar Siddiqah in 1945. They have three daughters, and two sons, Ahmad Mansoor (1946) and Ahmad Riza (1950). His son Arshad Mahmood (1948) died in a plane crash in 1970 when he was traveling from Rawalpindi to Lahore. His plane crashed near Rawat. Siddiqi was deeply hurt by the loss of his son during the tragic accident. Later on he wrote a book on Arhsad Mehmood named as "Namune Ka Aik Naujawan". Personal Library of Manzoor Ul Haq Siddiqui was acknowledged as one of the great libraries in Pakistan as per the Libraries of the World published by UNICEF (Volume VIII), his library was the only private library recognized in Provence of Punjab. However, Siddiqi donated entire books and documents to Archives of Govt of Pakistan a few years before. Many of his thesis and columns are present in Urdu Dairah Muarif Islamia Many of the letters sent to his forefathers by Tughlaq's and Mughals were in his personal collection which, after his paralysis, were donated to the National Archives of Pakistan by his son Ahmad Riza with the intention of the national heritage being preserved for the future generations.
Death and legacy.
On July 24, 2001, a rain storm wrecked everything in its path in Rawalpindi. Siddiqi suffered a severe stroke of paralysis on July 24, 2001, while he was at his son's house in Rawalpindi. He was taken to Central Military Hospital (CMH) in Rawalpindi, initially alert but unable to speak or to move his right arm or leg. After staying in paralysis for nearly three years, he slipped into a deep coma on the morning of July 27, 2004 and died in the evening on the same day, with his son Ahmad Riza at his bedside. He was 87 years old. Siddiqi's funeral took place on July 28, 2004. Siddiqi was also remembered by his students and colleagues, many of whom continued to dedicate their international research and publications to his memory.
Manzoor-ul-Haq Siddiqi rests in the Army Grave Yard in Rawalpindi Cantt where his wife is also buried. He was survived by his three daughters and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="36541024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541024" title="N-Methylserotonin">
N-Methylserotonin

"N"-Methylserotonin is a tryptamine alkaloid. Chemically, it is a derivative of serotonin in which a methyl group resides at its alkyl amine. It is also called "N"ω-methylserotonin ("N"ω-methyl-5-hydroxytryptamine) to distinguish it from tryptamine-derived compounds in which a methyl group is bonded to the nitrogen atom of the indole group.
"N"-Methylserotonin is found in plants, animals, and fungi. These include the plants, "Actaea racemosa" (black cohosh) and "Zanthoxylum piperitum", the Green and Golden Bell Frog, "Litoria aurea", and "Amanita" mushrooms. The compound binds to several serotonin receptors, including the 5-HT7 and 5-HT1A receptors, with high affinity (IC50 ≤ 2 nM) and selectivity, and displays agonist activity; besides its direct interaction with the serotonin receptors, "N"-methylserotonin also acts as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="36541063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541063" title="List of populated places in Bayburt Province">
List of populated places in Bayburt Province

Below is the list of populated places in Bayburt Province, Turkey by the districts. In the following lists first place in each list is the administrative center of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="36541070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541070" title="Su Wei">
Su Wei

Su Wei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36541083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541083" title="1992 OFC U-20 Championship">
1992 OFC U-20 Championship

The OFC U-20 Championship 1992 was held in Papeete, Tahiti. It also served as qualification for the intercontinental play-off for the 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Matches.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
New Zealand failed to qualify for the 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship. They lost four matches in an intercontinental play-off to South Korea, Thailand, Saudi Arabia and Qatar (respectively 1-5, 0-2, 1-3 and 0-3). These matches were played in Dubai, Qatar in September and October, 1992. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541103" title="Pinnox branch">
Pinnox branch

The Pinnox railway branch ran from Longport Junction, north of Longport Station, through to just south of Tunstall Station in England.
The Pinnox branch was originally constructed as a mineral line between Longport and Tunstall. The line after leaving the main line at Longport Junction ran past Westport Lake on an embankment before passing under Davenport Road and Westport Road. The branch passed the side of what is now Co-operative Academy at Brownhill. The junction with the Potteries Loop Line was at Pinnox Junction, Tunstall
Present.
The line was lifted in the later 1960s after the line was used for the construction of the new Harecastle Tunnel. The line was used as the diversion route from the Mainline at Longport to the loop line and back on the mainline north of Kidsgrove.
The only bit left is a short stub north of Longport station.

</doc>
<doc id="36541110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541110" title="Methylserotonin">
Methylserotonin

Methylserotonin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36541112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541112" title="Ri Sol-ju">
Ri Sol-ju

Ri Sol-ju or Lee Seol Ju (; born January 1985 – 1989) is the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. North Korean state media has officially identified her as "his wife, Comrade Ri Sol Ju".
Biography.
North Korea is secretive about Kim Jong-un and his family. Very little information about Ri Sol-ju has appeared in official North Korean sources, but more speculative information has been reported in foreign media.
Known.
In 2012, Ri made several public appearances standing next to the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, causing speculation about who she might be. South Korean intelligence officials tentatively identified her as Hyon Song-wol, a former singer for the Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble, a musical group popular in North Korea. However, on 25 July 2012, North Korean state media announced that she was actually Kim's wife, saying she was "his wife, Comrade Ri Sol Ju".
In July 2012, at an elite gala concert in North Korea, Ri was stylishly "dressed in a trim black suit in the Chanel tradition", considered unusual for North Korean women who normally dressed conservatively in billowing dresses or Mao-style work clothes. Along with other recent changes such as the firing of a hard-line top general, Kim Jong-un's marriage is seen by analysts as "a continuation of what is either a policy change, or a propaganda offensive, or both."
Kenji Fujimoto, the former personal sushi chef of Kim Jong-il, said he met Ri on a recent trip to North Korea. He described her as "just so charming ... I cannot describe her voice, it's so soft ..." As a parting gift, Ri gave Fujimoto a Christian Dior hand bag, which Ri was earlier reported to have.
Reported.
Very little is known for certain about Ri; some analysts have even said her name "almost certainly is a pseudonym". Various security analysts, politicians, media and others have made public claims about her that have not been officially confirmed in North Korean media.
Ri's reported year of birth has ranged between 1985 and 1989 among various sources. Ri's family is reportedly from the political elite; her mother is the head of a gynecology ward and her father is a professor. She is said to have graduated from Geumsung 2 Middle School in Pyongyang and studied abroad in China majoring in vocal music. JoongAng Ilbo and some commentators have identified Ri Sol-ju as a singer in the Unhasu Orchestra that has made several overseas performances. Reportedly, North Korean officials are "trying to erase her past as a singer and entertainer by confiscating popular bootleg CDs of her performances", such as her singing the song "Sobaeksu". She is reportedly a graduate student at Kim Il-sung University, pursuing a PhD in science.
She reportedly visited South Korea, in 2005, as a member of the North Korean cheerleading team during the Asian Athletics Championships. She was said to be among 90 cheerleaders who chanted "We are one!" Ri reportedly told a South Korean teacher while on the trip, "We want to take classes from the South's teachers after being reunited as soon as possible."
The BBC, quoting an analyst who spoke to "The Korea Times" of South Korea, reported that Kim's father, Kim Jong-il, had hastily arranged his son's marriage after suffering a stroke in 2008. The two were reportedly married in 2009 and Ri possibly gave birth to a child in 2010.
Pregnancy and motherhood.
In October 2012, there was speculation about Ri's public disappearance, and questions arose whether it was the result of a "breach of discipline" or "pregnancy," but she later reappeared with her spouse Kim at a military college. It was followed by news reports in December 2012 that Ri was visibly pregnant, although North Korean officials did not comment on the speculation.
In March 2013, former NBA basketball player Dennis Rodman visited Kim Jong-un in North Korea and on his return told the British tabloid newspaper the "Sun" that Ri had given birth to a healthy daughter. One South Korean government source speculated that "doctors induced labor to make sure the child was born in 2012, which marked the 100th anniversary of North Korean founder Kim Il-sung," but no exact birth date has been confirmed. Rodman told "The Guardian" in September 2013 that the couple's baby, a girl, is named Ju-ae.
Social media and international effect.
Several "major news sources have continued to turn out speculation about the woman who is seen as an elusive East Asian celebrity." There is no evidence that any of Ri Sol-ju's Facebook pages are her official Facebook page.
According to social media analysis service Pulse K (펄스K) and the South Korean PR firm Medicom (미디컴) from 25 July 2012 to 15 August 2012, "the total number of tweets during this period skyrocketed to 21,329" about Ri. "There were about 2,000 more tweets including the words "North Korea" and "Kim Jong-un" on the day she was revealed to be the leader's wife than on the day of a major announcement by Leader Kim on July 18." On 18 July 2013, tweets about North Korea numbered 15,653 and tweets about Kim Jong-un numbered 11,231. On 26 July, tweets about North Korea hit 17,004 and tweets about Kim Jong-un reached 13,283."
However, there is a distinct difference in style between the South Korean Twitterverse and the English-language social media dealing with Ri Sol-ju. According to Darcie Draudt, the "media discourse about Ri Sol-ju does reveals some important ideas worth considering, including international and peninsular attitude toward the North Korean elite." On one hand, the South Koreans "praise her beauty and modern style but also remain sceptical" because of social and economic corruption and the English-speaking audiences "see her as a fashionable doll of the North Korean regime." Draudt argues "internet-based discourse of her reveals more about the people making the constructions."

</doc>
<doc id="36541121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541121" title="Snøgg">
Snøgg

Snøgg may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36541127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541127" title="Pulkkinen (TV series)">
Pulkkinen (TV series)

Pulkkinen was an award-winning Finnish sketch series which aired between 1999 and 2002, and starring actors and . The series was written by Juha Jokela, and is known for its courageous humor. Pulkkinen's first season was released on DVD in 2005 and the second season in 2006. The third and last series was published in October 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36541203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541203" title="I Gede Sukadana">
I Gede Sukadana

I Gede Sukadana Pratama (born on October 18, 1987) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Arema Cronus in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36541235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541235" title="Sustained viral response">
Sustained viral response

Sustained viral response (SVR) is an efficacy measure of a hepatitis C treatment. It is defined as the absence of detectable RNA of the hepatitis C virus in blood serum for at least 24 weeks after discontinuing the treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="36541240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541240" title="Ceramic mixing technology">
Ceramic mixing technology

Ceramic mixing technology is used to mix and blend ceramics to create end products such as: ceramic powder blends, injection molding feedstock, electronics, decorative finishes, refractory linings, batteries and fuel cells, thermally conductive pastes, investment casting slurries, dental ceramics and advanced composites.
A wide range of equipment is available for these requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="36541251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541251" title="Franciscans of primitive observance">
Franciscans of primitive observance

The Franciscans of Primitive Observance, or "FPOs" as they are commonly called, are a Roman Catholic group that lives a strict observance of the Rule of St. Francis. They are based in Boston, Massachusetts and are erected as a Lay Association of the Faithful under the Cardinal Archbishop of Boston.
Founding.
The Franciscans of Primitive Observance were founded by six members of the Franciscan Friars of the Renewal who were seeking a more strict observance of the life and rule of St. Francis. These six friars reached out to then Bishop Séan O'Malley of the Diocese of Fall River, Massachusetts, himself a Capuchin Franciscan. O'Malley agreed to host the new group, and assisted them in writing their rule and constitutions.
History.
The FPOs opened a friary in New Bedford, MA initially, consisting of the original six friars. Subsequent houses were opened in Beford, VT; Emmitsburg, MD; and Nicaragua, Central America.
With the ascension of O'Malley to the archbishopric of Boston, the FPOs requested to be incardinated in the Archdiocese and opened a friary in Lawrence. The friary in New Bedford was closed at this time.
The membership of the friars has fluctuated over time, peaking at about fifteen brothers including novices and postulants.
Form of Life.
The Franciscans of Primitive Observance live a strict observance of the Rule of St. Francis. They do not carry money, and rely on the donations of individuals to pay for their needs. In their houses they do not utilize modern appliances (televisions, radios, refrigerators, washing machines) whenever possible. FPO brothers called "questors" seek food door-to-door in the neighborhoods in which they live.
The FPOs live a mixed contemplative and active life, spending considerable time in prayer each day in the chapel, as well as time in the community.
The FPOs do not wish that details of their penetential life be widely known, living by the Lord's admonition to "pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly" (Matthew 6:6).
Controversy.
The FPO live a strict form of life, and are very dedicated to defending their Catholic faith, and so have experienced some friction as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="36541285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541285" title="Geila Ois ...">
Geila Ois ...

"Geila Ois ..." is a song by Austrian duo Trackshittaz. The song was released in Austria as a Digital download on July 9, 2012 from their fourth studio album "Zruck zu de Ruabm". The song peaked to number 52 on the Austrian Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36541299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541299" title="Dyakia salangana">
Dyakia salangana

Dyakia salangana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Dyakiidae.
The shell of this species is sinistral (left-handed) in coiling.

</doc>
<doc id="36541304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541304" title="Adam de Toneworth">
Adam de Toneworth

Adam de Toneworth (also Toueworth or Towworth) was an English medieval university chancellor.
Adam de Toneworth was Chancellor of the University of Oxford several times between 1366 and 1379. As Chancellor of Oxford, he was involved with the John Wycliffe controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="36541307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541307" title="Joseph Patterson">
Joseph Patterson

Joseph Patterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36541329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541329" title="Robert Field (painter)">
Robert Field (painter)

Robert Field (1769–1819) was a painter who was born in London, England, and died in Kingston, Jamaica. He was one of America’s leading miniaturists. Along with being the most important painter in Nova Scotia at the beginning of the 19th century, at this time, Field was probably the most professionally trained painter to settle in Canada. Daphne Foskett in "A Dictionary of British Miniature Painters" (1972) wrote that Field was, "one of the best American miniaturists of his time." He worked in the conventional neo-classic portrait style of Henry Raeburn and Gilbert Stuart. His most famous works are two groups of miniatures of George Washington, commissioned by his wife Martha Washington. (Field's miniatures of both are in the Yale University Art Gallery permanent collection.)
America.
He received his early training at the Royal Academy schools, London, in 1790. In 1794 he moved to the United States. He took up residence in the nation's then-capital, Philadelphia, Pa. There he immediately joined a group of artists led by Charles Willson Peale in establishing the Columbianum, or American Academy of the Fine Arts, which was eventually superseded by the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in 1805.
Field spent 14 years in the United States, working as a miniature painter in Baltimore, Philadelphia, Washington, and Boston; during this period he produced miniatures of George and Martha Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and a wide range of people prominent in the social, economic, and political life of American society. According to historian Harry Piers, Field was one of the four most highly sought American miniaturists in his time. Martha Washington herself commissioned Field in 1800 to paint a group of miniature as mementoes for friends and family, to commemorate the revered General and President on the one-year anniversary of his death. Two groups of miniatures of George Washington were produced by Field at Martha's request in late 1800, the first group showing him in civilian dress, the second as general in full uniform.
Nova Scotia.
When tensions between America and England started to rise in the lead up to the War of 1812, Field remained a loyalist and moved from Boston to Halifax, Nova Scotia (1808). He continued to produce miniatures, but he also painted more than 50 oil portraits of government officials, military officers, merchants, and assorted members of the Halifax "gentility"; among his subjects were Bishop Charles Inglis, former lieutenant governor Sir John Wentworth, Sir George Prevost, Sir John Coape Sherbrooke, Admiral of the Fleet Sir Provo William Parry Wallis, and Sir Alexander Forrester Inglis Cochrane, vice-admiral in the Royal Navy (whose portrait was shown at the Royal Academy exhibition in London in 1810).
Jamaica.
In 1816 he moved to Jamaica, settling first in Montego Bay and then in Kingston. He died on 9 August 1819, apparently of yellow fever, and was buried in an unmarked grave in the old "West Ground" cemetery, now called the Strangers' Burial Ground, near the Kingston parish church.
References.
Endnotes
Texts

</doc>
<doc id="36541350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541350" title="Agro-town">
Agro-town

An agro-town is an agglomeration located in a rural environment with a population sometimes several thousands-strong but whose workforce's main occupation is agriculture. The agro-town also lacks the administrative, commercial and industrial functions which are usually common in the centers of such size. This type of agglomeration is particularly present around the Mediterranean Sea, in West Africa and in the Americas.
Structure.
The population of agro-towns are commonly very poor, most workers do not own the land and are employed seasonally as wage labour. This also explains why these populations are often very fluctuent with a large immigration during harvest and a significant emigration during the low season or in case of crises. The concentration of the land into the hands of a small elite of often absentee landlords commonly leads to tensions within the towns leading in the 20th century to a prevalence of the communist vote in many agro-towns on Mediterranean Europe.
Large landlords are typically absent and leave the management of their estate to some agents who seldom lives in the town but rather in large and prosperous farmhouses in the countryside (known as masia). On the other hand, landless wage labourer often had to travel large distances to reach the location of their employer. Despite the relative plenty of labour, the surrounding exploitations tend to concentrate in non-labour intensive cultures due to the supervision issue that arise with large labour forces. Consequently latifundia tend to specialize in capital-intensive cash crops which often require the edification of large specialized buildings such as windmills or oil presses.
Environmental causes.
The origin of such a peculiar and somewhat counter-intuitive type of agglomeration has led to a lot of speculation regarding their origin. Among the main theories regarding their emergence, the most common are related to their environment. Agro-towns being prevalent in warm environments, it's been pointed out that they tended to emerge where water was rare and the population had to cluster around a well. Another factor that is commonly mentioned to explain the rise of agro-towns is the higher salubrity of the site of the agglomeration. The prevalence of malaria in wetlands implied that it was healthier to live in higher ground which may have led to a concentration of the population on some hills. Incidentally, higher ground and concentrated habitat also provide good defensive positions which may have played a role in regions were marauders and pirates were a threat to isolated farms.
Economic causes.
Daniel Curtis has pointed out that in some regions agro-towns were located close to more spread habitats and that consequently environmental causes could not alone explain the emergence of agro-towns. He noted a historical evolution which led to the concentration of the population into a few urban centers. In this view, small farmers were gradually driven off their land by larger landowners and had to seek refuge in towns where they became wage labourer for those same large landowners. This process would explain why agro-towns are mostly located in regions dominated by latifundia and high level of tension between the town residents and the landlords. As the most fertile lands are the most likely to attract large investors, agro-towns may be seen as a version of the resource curse as more productive lands lead to a high level of misery among the population.
Examples of agro-towns.
Italy
Spain
Portugal
References.
Also see for further reading Daniel R. Curtis, 'Is there an ‘agro-town’ model for Southern Italy? Exploring the diverse roots and development of the agro-town structure through a comparative case study in Apulia', http://uu.academia.edu/DanielCurtis

</doc>
<doc id="36541357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541357" title="Alex Benvenga">
Alex Benvenga

Alex Benvenga (born 30 May 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays for Forlì.
Biography.
Born in Gallipoli, the Province of Lecce, Apulia, Benvenga started his career at Apulia team U.S. Lecce. He was the member of Allievi U16 team in 2006–07 season. Benvenga was promoted to Allievi U17 and the reserve in 2007–08 and 2008–09 respectively. In July 2009 he was sold to Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Varese in co-ownership deal. He spent half season in Berretti reserve league for Varese. In January 2010 he left for Seconda Divisione club Valenzana. He also selected to Prima Div.A representatives in Lega Pro Prima Divisione under-21 Tournament in January 2010, which he won the trophy. In June 2010 Varese acquired all the registration rights from Lecce.
Benvenga's loan was converted to co-ownership deal in 2010–11 season . In June 2011 Varese bought back Benvenga . On 22 July 2011 he left for Pisa in new co-ownership deal. In June 2012 Varese bought back Benvenga again. On 11 July Benvenga left for another third division club Calcio Como in new temporary deal along with Paolo Marchi (loan) and Alessandro Scialpi (co-own) Benvenga made his debut in a friendly against Tottenham and followed by Internazionale.

</doc>
<doc id="36541377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541377" title="Moch. As'ari">
Moch. As'ari

Moch. As'ari (born July 22, 1989 in Surabaya) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36541404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541404" title="Capcana mercenarilor">
Capcana mercenarilor

Capcana mercenarilor () is a 1981 Romanian adventure drama war film, directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu.

</doc>
<doc id="36541411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541411" title="Eeyou Istchee James Bay Territory">
Eeyou Istchee James Bay Territory

On July 24, 2012, the Quebec government signed an accord with the Cree that would result in the abolition of the Baie-James municipality (James Bay) and the creation of a new regional government - the Eeyou Istchee James Bay Territory.
The agreement is designed to give the Cree expanded powers over lands and resources. The new government will consist of Cree and Baie-James residents each having an equal number of votes.

</doc>
<doc id="36541420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541420" title="BINDER (company)">
BINDER (company)

BINDER is a provider of equipment for the field of science and industry. The company specializes in simulation chambers for the scientific and industrial laboratory. The firm develops and manufactures its simulation chambers in Germany and distributes them worldwide. BINDER was founded in 1983 in Tuttlingen, Germany by Peter Michael Binder and remains a family-owned enterprise. BINDER has approximately 350 employees worldwide and operates subsidiaries in 3 continents in conjunction with global representation by distributors in all major markets.
History.
The company was founded in 1983 by Mr. Peter Michael Binder in the Southern German city of Tuttlingen. In 1850 Adam Binder founded a shoe manufacturing company in Tuttlingen and then in 1923 Wilhelm Binder, Peter Binder's father, started a medical and surgical sterilization apparatus manufacturing business. In 1959 Adam Binder died and Marianne Binder, his wife, took over the company. As Peter Michael Binder grew up he became involved in the daily operations of the business and entered university, studying electrical engineering at Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT). After completing his studies, Peter Michael Binder took over the company and opted to sell their business in 1982 to a company in Pakistan. The revenue from the sale was used for the creation of the WTB Binder Labortechnik GmbH in January 1983. 
Until today the firm expanded its international presence with the creation of sales offices in New York in 2002, Moscow in 2005, Hong Kong in 2008 and Shanghai in 2009.
Since 2005, BINDER has invested over 20 million euros in building the Research and Development Center (RDC), the Production and Technology Center (PTC) and factory expansion including the introduction of the BINDER Lean Production System. 
BINDER initiated the BINDER Innovation Award, which has been presented to promising researchers in Germany since 1998. In 2005 Peter Michael Binder, along with 139 other companies, took part in the creation of the Tuttlingen University Campus. BINDER is also official sponsor of Dianino.
Products.
The product range specializes in the simulation of biological, chemical and physical environmental influences for different industries. Products include Biological Incubators, Environmental Simulation Chambers, Ultra Low Temperature Freezers, Safety Drying Ovens/Heating Ovens, Vacuum Drying Ovens, Stability Test Chambers, Constant Climate Chambers and Plant Growth Chambers.
Market.
Products can be found in universities and public/commercial research institutes e.g. in the field of biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, IVF and life science. Also in the industrial sector BINDER products are used. Examples include the food & beverage industry, electronics and cosmetics industry as well as chemical industries and aerospace and defense.
The main market represents Europe followed by Asia and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="36541429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541429" title="Saša Simić">
Saša Simić

Saša Simić (born 22 April 1969) is a retired Serbian association football player who primarily played his entire career in Portugal as an attacking midfielder.
Simić played in both the 1997 and the 1999 Taça de Portugal finals in which he was victorious in both.
After finishing his professional playing career, Simić became a sports agent.

</doc>
<doc id="36541430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541430" title="50 pientä minuuttia">
50 pientä minuuttia

50 pientä minuuttia is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1967 and lasted aired in 1971 .

</doc>
<doc id="36541458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541458" title="Äijät">
Äijät

Äijät is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 2007 and last aired in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36541463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541463" title="Joseph Abbeel">
Joseph Abbeel

Joseph Abbeel (Vrasene 1786 - Anzegem 1866) was a Belgian soldier who was conscripted to the French Army of Napoleon Bonaparte. In the position of a carabinier he witnessed the French Invasion of Russia in 1812.
He is one of the few who survived the devastating horror of the raid on Moscow and the chaotic retreat that followed it. He was wounded at the battle of Borodino. He saw Moscow burn, followed the retreating French Army, but was captured by cossacks in the vicinity of Hamburg. It was only in 1815 that he came home. He never married. It is assumed that he became a school teacher.
He wrote down his memories almost immediately, but never published them. They were rediscovered and edited two centuries later. This, together with Jakob Walter's diary, form the only known records of that campaign kept by common soldiers. Abbeel's story contains some minor historical mistakes, mostly due to his lack of geographical knowledge. But the authenticity of the manuscript is undisputed. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541465" title="Aylestone Park F.C.">
Aylestone Park F.C.

Aylestone Park F.C. is an English football club located in Aylestone, a suburb of Leicester, in Leicestershire. The club plays in the East Midlands Counties Football League. The club was formed in 1968. After spending 23 years in the Leicestershire Senior League, the club was accepted into the East Midlands Counties Football League League for the 2012–13 season after finishing third in the Leicestershire Senior League.
History.
Aylestone Park Youth Football Club was formed in 1968. They later changed their name to Aylestone Park Old Boys and, in 1989–90, the cub entered the Leicestershire Senior League Division One. They finished runners-up in 1994–95 and gained promotion to the Premier Division. In 2001–02, Aylestone were relegated back to Division One, but two seasons later the club were promoted back after finishing runners-up. The club changed its name to its current one in 2007 and after finishing third in the Premier Division in 2011–12, the Aylestone were promoted to the East Midlands Counties Football League.
Colours.
Aylestone Park's colours are red shirts, with black shorts and socks. The away kit is blue shirts, shorts and socks.
Ground.
The club plays at Saffron Lane, Aylestone.

</doc>
<doc id="36541466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541466" title="Äkkiä Anttolassa">
Äkkiä Anttolassa

Äkkiä Anttolassa is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1999 and last aired in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36541468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541468" title="Ällitälli">
Ällitälli

Ällitälli is a Finnish television series. It first aired on YLE TV1 in 1971 and last aired in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36541472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541472" title="Mario Rokhmanto">
Mario Rokhmanto

Mario Rokhmanto (born July 16, 1992) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36541474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541474" title="ÄWPK – Älywapaa palokunta">
ÄWPK – Älywapaa palokunta

ÄWPK - Älywapaa palokunta is a Finnish sketch television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1984 and last aired in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36541484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541484" title="Alhola">
Alhola

Alhola is a Finnish television comedy series that aired in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36541487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541487" title="Angels (The xx song)">
Angels (The xx song)

"Angels" is a song by English indie pop group The xx, released as a digital download on 17 July 2012 by Young Turks. It was the lead single for their 2012 album "Coexist". The song was written by guitarist Romy Madley Croft, bassist Oliver Sim, and percussionist Jamie xx, who also produced it.
The xx premiered the song on 14 May 2012 at their first live show since touring in 2010. Upon its release, "Angels" received positive reviews from music critics, who commended Croft's performance and the song's minimalist musical style. The song was remixed by electronic musician Four Tet, whose version was aired on BBC Radio on 19 September.
Writing and recording.
"Angels" was recorded during the sessions for "Coexist" at The xx's recording studio in London. Its demo was originally recorded solely by Romy Madley Croft, who wrote the song's lyrics. Jamie xx said of the song's recording in an interview for "Spin", "It took a while to work out how to arrange it for the band. The demo was quite perfect, but it was just Romy. It took the entire length of the recording process to get it right."
Composition.
"Angels" is a sparsely-produced, gentle ballad about the idea of being in love. It has a measured pace and features slight vocals and whispered cadences by Croft, background baritone bass, subtle drum thuds, and coiling guitar lines. Pitchfork Media's Larry Fitzmaurice observes on the song "lots of hollow space surrounding add[s intimacy." "Angels" opens with echoey guitar and Romy's vocals, which are at the front of the mix. Eerie snare rolls appear within a minute of the song, but quickly fade away. Arnold Pan of PopMatters writes that, in the context of "Coexist", the song has its "own sense of development" and "resolution". Oliver Sim said of this moment of tension in the song, "Early on, Jamie said something about the album being inspired by dance music, so everyone's expecting a house beat to drop halfway through—which is hilarious because this is not a dance record."
Croft's transparent lyrics express lovesick emotion, adoration, and private knowledge acquired from intimacy: "You move through the room / Like breathing was easy / If someone believed me / They would be as in love with you as I am". They also compare a relationship that ended prematurely to "dreaming of angels, and leaving without them". Her repetition of "love" in the song's chorus expresses the depth and intensity of the narrator's feeling. Priya Elan of "NME" opines that she repeats the word "like she’s been sucker-punched by the sheer intensity of her heart-shaped feeling. She’s revelling in the joy of it, but also realising the utter failure of the simple four-letter word to express the depth of what she’s experiencing." Croft said that the song is "very positive lyrically" and that its album "goes through a few different stages, and this would be the lightest." Puja Patel of "Spin" characterizes its subject matter as "loverlorn" and observes a balance "between honest, gut-wrenching desire and stalker-like idolization".
Live performances.
The xx premiered the song at Electrowerkz in Islington, London on 14 May 2012, their first live show since 2010. They subsequently performed "Angels" on "Conan" on 24 July.
Reception.
Pitchfork Media's Larry Fitzmaurice noted the song's "percussive touch" as an indication that "the xx are changing ... slowly and subtly, two characteristics that's always been part of their central appeal." Siân Rowe of "NME" called it "a heart-meltingly perfect follow-on from their debut", and the magazine's Priya Elan dubbed it "the boldest Valentine the band have ever recorded." Michael Cragg of "The Guardian" commented that "their ability to make minimalism seem warm and comforting still intact." Allmusic's Heather Phares called the song a "lovely album opener" and wrote that the band's "elegantly serpentine guitars — which recalled the Cure and Durutti Column on "xx" ... are now entirely their own". The Quietus critiqued that "it feels a bit more confident; where Oliver Sim and Madley-Croft's wordplay on their debut was tentative, there's a newfound directness". Brendan Frank of Beats Per Minute commended Croft for "delivering a simple love note to an anonymous recipient," adding that "she does a magnificent job of carrying the piece on her own." Stephen Thompson of NPR called "Angels" a "gentle love song made all the more disarming for its simplicity," writing that it "ratchets up the tension using the fewest possible ingredients."
Cover versions.
In 2012, British band Bastille covered "Angels" alongside TLC's "No Scrubs" in a mash-up entitled "No Angels". The mash-up featured as one of eleven tracks on the band's second mixtape, "Other People's Heartache, Pt. 2".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from "Coexist" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36541488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541488" title="Alivaltiosihteeri valvoo">
Alivaltiosihteeri valvoo

Alivaltiosihteeri valvoo is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1994 and last aired in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36541492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541492" title="Angela ja ajan tuulet">
Angela ja ajan tuulet

Angela ja ajan tuulet is a Finnish television series. It aired on Finnish TV in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36541500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541500" title="Ansa ja Oiva">
Ansa ja Oiva

Ansa ja Oiva is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1998 and last aired in 2001. Appearances in the series were made by Juha Veijonen, Heikki Määttänen, Jarmo Koski, Peter Franzén, Erja Manto, Mikko Kivinen, Vesa Vierikko, Heikki Nousiainen, Petteri Summanen, Susanna Haavisto, Tapio Liinoja, Janne Kallioniemi, Kari Väänänen, Susanna Roine, Asko Sarkola, Jussi Lampi, Martti Suosalo, Kai Lehtinen and Antti Pääkkönen.

</doc>
<doc id="36541505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541505" title="Anteeksi kuinka?">
Anteeksi kuinka?

Anteeksi kuinka? is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1993 and last aired in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36541514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541514" title="Antiikkia, antiikkia">
Antiikkia, antiikkia

Antiikkia, antiikkia is a Finnish television series based on the format of the "Antiques Roadshow". It first aired on Finnish TV in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541518" title="Benner &amp; Benner">
Benner &amp; Benner

Benner & Benner is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 2001 and last aired in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36541521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541521" title="COMPASS-2">
COMPASS-2

COMPASS-2 will become the second satellite series of the FH Aachen, designed by students only. The students of FH Aachen develop the satellite BUS system with the necessary subsystems for power generation, power distribution, data handling, communication and data / power interfaces for the payload. There will be two experiment boxes placed around the BUS-Cube that can easily be replaced using a standardized connection and mounting system.
Objective.
The objective of COMPASS-2 is to achieve the following goal:
Development and Construction of a universal experimental technology platform as a Triple-CubeSat to consolidate an international standard.
To accomplish this goal, the satellite BUS-system will be designed for two universal payloads. The design of the satellite subsystems includes the lessons-learned from the COMPASS-1 system with a higher reliability and efficiency. The idea is to build a universal BUS-system for further space applications and small experiments. Two cubes will carry the payload. The interfaces to the Experiments will be defined in a universal way so that the experiments, which are implemented in the payload cubes, get their own power and data interface. The target orbit is estimated to a low-earth orbit with a medium altitude to have a faster disposal after the mission time.
STR – Structure.
The structure of COMPASS-2 is based on the requirements of the CubeSat standard. It is the mounting structure for all components of the satellite. The mounting system is the interface for the PCBs of each system, the battery and solar panels as well as for the payload. COMPASS-2 will become a nano satellite with a size of 100mm x 100mm x 340.5mm. The mass may not exceed 4 kg. The structure is made of lightweight aluminum.
The universal design of the COMPASS-2 system also allows to design a smaller version of it in a Double-Cube-Sat version. The dimensions of 100mm x 100mm x 227mm allow a maximum mass of 2.66 kg.
EPS – Electrical Power System.
The functions of the power system are to generate and store electric power for usage by the other spacecraft subsystems. The subsystems can have various specific requirements for voltage, frequency, stability, noise limits or others. These characteristics have to be considered on supplying the different subsystems. It is also a part of the power system to set the operating mode to prevent an early end of mission caused by lack of energy. To maintain the long-term reliability of the system, the power system provides protection to other subsystems against malfunction.
Power Source / Solar Cells.
As power source, COMPASS-2 has about 30 solar cells on the surface (depending on the final configuration). Three areas will contain eight solar cells and the fourth area will contain six solar cells. The solar cells have an efficiency of 30.5%. Equipped with these solar cells, the satellite will generate an average power output of 5.1 Watt (flying vertically - Nadir) and 3.5 Watt (flying astronomical horizontally) in sun synchronous orbit.
Power Storage / Batteries.
For COMPASS-2 the newest battery technology will be used. Two Nanophosphate High Power Lithium Ion Cells will be providing the satellite with power in night or high power demand phases. The satellite will have an alternating charging system to reduce the charging cycles for each battery. Due to the fact that the batteries are not space-proved, one tasks of the power system team is to test the batteries under space conditions.
Power Distribution & Control.
One of the tasks for EPS is to control and distribute the available power. The system will set the satellite in three different modes:
Also it is necessary that the ground station can control the different modes and settings.
COM - Communication.
The communications system will provide reliable data connection between ground station and the satellite. The main objective is downloading data and uploading commands and firmware.
In comparison to COMPASS-1, this mission will have a focus on channel coding and adaptive modulation in order to improve the amount of data transferred during each flyover. This also includes smart software at the ground station for signal processing. On the classic VHF-UHF-Bands we implemented new modulation methods to provide a higher data rate while staying compatible to default ham radio equipment. Besides there will be a S-Band down-link giving a down-link speed of about 500 kbit/s.
Modulation Methods.
Due to the system design, the modulation signal can be created by the COM micro controller. This gives the chance to do the entire modulation signal processing inside the software. Just one transmitter is needed for all transmission types. The software defines which one is used at which moment. The base band waveforms are calculated inside the software and fed into a digital-analog converter. Here the digital waveforms are converted into voltages. A well-dimensioned anti-aliasing filter is used to create a high-quality modulation signal. Depending on the actual demands and link quality, modulation is adaptively and automatically changed by handshaking with the operating ground station. As an experimental addition, hierarchic modulation is used to allow two or more different data rates at same time.
As the COMPASS-2 group is expecting support and help from amateur radio enthusiasts all over the world, the transmission modulation must be compatible to standard amateur radio operators receiving equipment. This means non-coherent receiving with channel width of maximum 6 kHz. Thus, all phase concerning modulations are a no-go. The ground station software will include the possibility for channel equalization, paying attention to the non-linear frequency response of amateur radio receivers.
As an experiment hierarchic modulation using FSK will be used to allow different data speeds at the same time using complex channel coding. The higher data rate needs high link quantity to be decoded properly. The lower one is receivable with high noise impact.
As is it planned to use a PC system with a sound-card connected to the radios, all signal decoding and processing can be done inside of the PC software. This makes the system flexible and low cost comparing to hardware decoders like Terminal Node Controllers. The CPU power of a standard home PC is enough to do all the encoding calculations.
Frequencies and Antenna Configuration.
Referring to the design of COMPASS-1, the design of COMPASS-2 will be very close to the old one, but with improvements and extensions. We will use just one transmit frequency. Due to the arbitrary modulation system, it's just the onboard software that defines the service. The uplink will be in the 2m amateur radio band (145 MHz - referring to the 2m band plan) receiving FM modulated data packets and DTMF commands as a backup. The down-link will be on the 70 cm amateur radio band (437 MHz - referring to the 70 cm band plan). On the down-link data frequency we will be able to send packet data, SSTV still picture images, Morse code and maybe some short voice messages. The Morse code transmission is elementary necessary for receiving the status directly after the deployment out of the launch pod, recovering the satellite and long time health measurement of the satellite. Nearly every radio amateur is familiar to Morse code, so it is possible to get telemetry from every part of the world.
Ground Station.
The satellite will be operated by the ground station at the FH Aachen University of Applied Sciences. The radio station contains an ICOM IC-910H, an IC-821H and two PCs. The IC-910H is used for sending on the 2m band with 100 Watts and receiving packet data in the 70 cm band. The bandwidth is 6 kHz. The antenna set consists of four cross-Yagi antennas with a +20dB preamplifier for UHF (70 cm receiving) and two cross-Yagi antennas for VHF (2m sending), both right turning polarized, controlled via an Egis Rotor with full horizontal coverage. The azimuth is able to drive 450° and the elevator can rotate up to 90°. For tracking the satellite and for the antenna rotor control the station uses SATPC32, which also adjusts the radios frequency to compensate the Doppler shift. For a correct tracking and Doppler shift correction it is necessary to update the Kepler elements weekly from Celestrak, a free of charge service for tracking satellites in space. The structure of the software will be modular giving the chance to work and improve on the components separately. Key features are:
In addition to the ground station in Aachen, many private amateur radio stations joined us as backup stations during the mission operation of COMPASS-1. The COMPASS-2 Team also will encourage the stations to participate loading data and decoding Morse code from COMPASS-2.
CDHS – Command and Data Handling System.
Main Tasks.
The CDHS is the main board of the COMPASS-2 Satellite. It is responsible for managing all general and system data. It is also responsible for forwarding commands from the ground station to the subsystems and when requested sending internally generated data back to earth.
Redundancy.
Firmware update:
To allow further improvements after the launch of the satellite, it is wise to allow reprogramming the main controllers of the subsystems. Multiple firmware storage modules are implemented in the design. For more security in worst-case scenario, the default firmware, which is stored previously on the satellite, will be recalled and the controllers of the satellite will be programmed as prior to launch.
Data recovery.
In case of a total loss of the command an data handling system, routines implemented on the COM system will allow a direct access to the stored data. This will be used to recover the generated data until subsystem loss, allowing access to HK data for failure analysis or even download science data.
Storage Media.
Out of many storage medium technologies the CDHS picks out the most suitable technology for the application it is intended to be used for:
System Architecture.
Controller Area Network - CAN:
The satellite provides a CAN bus system for designated data routes. The following are the groups of data an SPI bus is designated to.
Serial Bus
The communication of commands between the COM and the CDHS system will occur through a serial interface. A second bus will be used for data transfer, allowing the access of both, COM and ADCS, subsystems to the storage media.
ADCS - Attitude Determination and Control System.
Main Tasks.
The major objective of this subsystem is to obtain an attitude control, which fulfills the
requirements of pointing, stability and agility of as many payloads as possible. Due to the size, the
weightbudget, the powerbudget and the desire to use of the shelf products the main requirements
can just be obtained to a certain level. Parts of the subsystem are and will be manufactured by the
team. Due to the fact, that not all of the parts have been finished it is not possible to estimate and
simulate the overall performance of this subsystem yet.
Environmental Effects on Attitude Control.
To develop an attitude control system it is necessary to be aware of the environmental effects acting
on the satellite in a certain orbit. The following environmental effects have to be considered:
These effects interacting with the satellite generate torques. These torques can either be used for
passive or active attitude control or be regarded as disturbance torques. The estimation of the
maximum acting torques is possible in a conservative analytical way. For more precise estimations
and for average values a simulation of the acting torques is necessary. The more precise these values
are the better an optimisation of the attitude control system is possible.
Actuators.
To realize the generic concept of COMPASS-2 the ADCS team has to develop all actuators, because
of the low volume budgets given by the CubeSat standards the actuators have to be miniaturized.
The following actuators are developed to get implemented on the COMPASS-2 Triple-CubeSat:
Reaction Wheels.
Well designed Reaction wheels can provide a high actuating accuracy which do not depend on
environmental effects. There is a development of reaction wheels by the COMPASS-2 team in
progress.
Magnetorquers.
COMPASS-2 will use air core coils like the previous COMPASS project as magnetorquers for the
active attitude control. The reason for chosing magnetorquers as part of the attitude control system
is the reliability and the simple design. Air core coils were chosen, because we are able to optimize
and manufacture them ourselves. Ferrite core coils are more efficient regarding space and power
consumption, but the optimization, calculation and production is much more complicated. So we
decided to keep it as simple and cost efficient as possible and use air core coil magnetorquers as our
prime active attitude control actuators. There will be three actuators oriented perpendicular to
each other. Through this orientation attitude control is possible regardless how the satellite is
oriented to the magnetic field lines.
Gravity Gradient Boom (GGB).
A gravity gradient boom is a passive attitude control actuator. Therefore no power or control loop is
needed during operation. Using a gravity gradient boom just two pointings of the satellite with
regard to the earth center is possible. Either pointing to the earth center or pointing away from the
earth center. So it is a severe limitation of attitude control and just usable in certain missions. There
is a development of a gravity gradient boom, but as an add on system only if reasonable for a
certain mission.
Aerodynamic drag stabilization.
A further passive actuating torque will be created by the aerodynamic drag in the low earth orbit
and may lead to a helpful stabilization of the satellite. Aerodynamic drag and the resulting torque
cannot be avoided and the team will try to get partial advantage if possible.
Sensor technology.
Digital multi-image sensors (DMIS).
Digital multi-image sensors (DMIS) are digital camera–based instruments for detecting the center
of the sun and calculating the angle between the sun vector and the camera's view vector on the x and
y axis. Additionally, the earth's horizon and the rotation rate of the satellite can be determined.
Therefore an attitude measurement using the earth's horizon is possible, too.
Furthermore the sensors are able to store colored images for later transmission to earth.
3-Axis Magnetometer.
The magnetometer is absolutely necessary for running the magnetorquers. Further they are needed
as a reference for calculating the attitude matrix with the help of the earth’s magnetic field.
Spin Rate Sensor (Gyro).
The gyros are only for redundancy. These sensors deliver a reference to the calculated tumbling
frequency calculated by the DSS and the magnetometer. These sensors determine compared to the
DSS and the magnetometer the attitude inertial and not by using a reference. The gyros make use of
a micro-electro-mechanical system which determines the actual attitude with the help of the coriolis
force produced by a rotating body.
TCS – Thermal Control System.
Due to the small amount of dissipating heat and the wide operating temperature range of the (LiFePo4) accumulator (-30 °C till +60 °C), the TCS will be a passive regulated system with the advantage of energy saving while keeping the satellite and its subsystems within the allowable temperature limits. The limits are normally -40 °C till +125 °C for commercial off-the-shelf products, but some parts of the COM-subsystem are more temperature sensitive and should not exceed +85 °C. The problem is here the high energy consumption and the involved high local (on an area of only 9mm²) dissipation.
Resource management.
The temperature will not be monitored all the time but at a given period to realize low power consumption. The temperature-information search will be as intelligent as possible. This means, that if the temperature at one point of the CubeSat exceed a certain threshold a few times, the program will automatically collect more information in a shorter period to locate the reason and to ensure better research for future missions.
Main tasks.
The energy from the incoming electromagnetic radiation is basically converted into heat. Thus it is the most important base for the thermal budget. Relevant for the TCS is the direct solar radiation, the reflected solar radiation from the earth/moon and the infrared radiation of the earth/moon. Therefore it is very important to know the chronological sequence and the orbital parameters because these parameters will all be considered and processed in our thermal analysis.
All influences have to be combined with the temperature range of the electrical parts in the spacecraft. Precisely because we are using commercial off-the-shelf-products, it is indispensable to hold the satellite in an "earth like" environment. Therefore we are using some several insulation techniques like foils, coatings and so on to get the satellite in this marginal temperature range as well as to guarantee a good environment for micro controllers, sensors and the payload.
Methods and techniques.
We combine some ways of setting up the temperature:
Payload.
In the following, the requirements for one experiment box are listed. Given these “hard facts”, any payload provider will be able to build its payload without any much communication with the COMPASS-2 Team to adapt the payload to the BUS cube:
the overall energy needed for each payload can be scheduled between the customers via FH Aachen.
data transfer protocol:
CAN
I2C
max data rate :
amount of data rate can be scheduled between the customers via the FH Aachen
Testing.
Testing must be performed to achieve all launch provider requirements as well as any additional testing requirements deemed necessary to ensure the safety of the CubeSats and the P-POD. All flight hardware will undergo qualification and acceptance testing. The P-PODs will be tested in a similar manner to ensure the safety and feasibility before the CubeSats will be integrated. All CubeSats have to pass the following tests:
Vibration Test.
Vibration tests serve the simulation of dynamic mechanical loads. This is tested with oscillations in the frequency response range of 1 to 2000 Hz.
The goals of vibration tests are:
For the vibration test, the satellite is housed in a test POD which is mounted to a shaker table. The vibration loads are measured immediately by acceleration sensors, which are mounted on several points on the test POD. To improve the measured values, several sensors are monitoring the vibration behavior. All these values are computed to an average value for further analyses. The vibration load tests are performed through the three main axes.
Solar-Simulation Test.
The solar intensity in low-earth orbit is about 1368 W/m². With the sun simulator, the effects from the high solar radiation flux onto the spacecraft are tested. The sun-simulator is using a xenon lamp to simulate the solar radiation. The spectrum of this lamp is - except of a spectral peak, caused by the properties of xenon - very similar to the natural sunlight.
Thermal-Vacuum Test.
During this test, the satellite is put into a high-vacuum chamber for several temperature cycles and the thermal behavior of the satellite is tested.
All tests will be executed at the FH Aachen.
Outlook and Project Status.
COMPASS-2 will be a good platform for companies and research institutes to bring small experiments and new technologies rapidly into space at low cost.

</doc>
<doc id="36541523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541523" title="Blondi tuli taloon">
Blondi tuli taloon

Blondi tuli taloon is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1994 and last aired in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36541526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541526" title="Donna Paukku">
Donna Paukku

Donna Paukku is a Finnish television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 2006 and last aired in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36541529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541529" title="Elämänmeno">
Elämänmeno

Elämänmeno is a Finnish television series. It aired on Finnish TV in 1978. that aired on Finnish television from 1 November 1978 to 15 November 1978. It was written by Pirkko Saisio, who wrote the novel of that same name that the show was based on, and directed by Åke Lindman. It starred as Eila Nieminen and as Alpo Nieminen.

</doc>
<doc id="36541535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541535" title="King Banana">
King Banana

King Banana (since the middle of 2009 U-cee & The Royal Family), is a Bavarian reggae Band. The band was founded originally in June 1995, later other and other musicians joined. The repertoire encloses besides reggae predomonantly own compositions of the genres ska, rocksteady, calypso and dancehall.
King Banana was the warmup group of several notable bands, worked together with Stranger Cole in 2002/2003 as well as together with Ken Bob (lead singer of The Eternals. The band played on more than 350 concerts in six countries., for example at the biggest European ska festival in the Lindenpark in Potsdam-Babelsberg and at the Chiemsee Reggae Summer in Übersee. Singer was Robert Zierhofer (Big Belly Productions). Altogether 46 musicians played in the band until its new formation. King Banana published two single records and five albums.
Band members of U-cee & The Royal Family.
Current members of the new formation U-cee & The Royal Family are:

</doc>
<doc id="36541536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541536" title="Enkeleitä ja pikkupiruja">
Enkeleitä ja pikkupiruja

Enkeleitä ja pikkupiruja is a Finnish television series. It aired on Finnish TV in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36541538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541538" title="Revett Sheppard">
Revett Sheppard

The Reverend Revett Sheppard (1778, in Campsey Ash - 1830, in Wrabness) was an English malacologist. He was a Fellow of the Linnean Society. He described several new non-marine species of mollusks.
Sheppard was a friend of the entomologist William Kirby.
Publications.
Sheppard's publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="36541550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541550" title="Fakta homma">
Fakta homma

Fakta homma is a Finnish comedy television series. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1986 and last aired in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36541561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541561" title="Frank Pappa Show">
Frank Pappa Show

Frank Pappa Show is a Finnish game show. It first aired on Finnish TV in 1991 and last aired in 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541570" title="John Aston (fl. 1362–91)">
John Aston (fl. 1362–91)

John Aston or Eston (fl. 1362-1391), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leominster in 1362, Dartmouth 1365, Barnstaple 1391.

</doc>
<doc id="36541573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541573" title="Handu pumpulla">
Handu pumpulla

Handu pumpulla is a Finnish television series. It aired on Finnish TV in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541578" title="All the Bells">
All the Bells

All The Bells is an artwork by Martin Creed first given in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in October 2006, where it attracted little favourable attention. Its rubric was: "All of the bells in a city or town rung as quickly and loudly as possible for three minutes" (or in Spanish, "Todas las campanas en una ciudad o pueblo sonando tan rápido y duro como sea posible por tres minutos"). 
The work was a collaboration between the Candela Art & Music Festival, Escuela de Artes Plásticas, Galeríía Comercial, Gavin Brown’s Enterprise, Mima and César Reyes and SunCom.
The piece, under the title Work No. 1197: All The Bells, with the revised rubric, "All the bells in a country rung as quickly and as loudly as possible for three minutes", was subsequently re-commissioned, for a sum rumoured to be between thirty-five and fifty thousand pounds, and advertised as being a new work, by the London 2012 Festival. The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers declined to participate. The Council's President, Kate Flavell, criticised both the timing and content of the piece in her official blog.

</doc>
<doc id="36541622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541622" title="Queneerich Rehman">
Queneerich Rehman

Queneerich Ajero Rehman (often misspelled as Queenierich) is a Pakistani-Filipino beauty queen, and Miss World Philippines 2012. Rehman represented the Philippines at the Miss World 2012 pageant, in Ordos, China. as Miss World Philippines 2012. Rehman drew worldwide attention for her beatboxing talent during her participation in the pageant. Rehman is of both Filipino and Pakistani descent.
Pageantry.
Bb. Pilipinas 2011.
Rehman became popular in the Philippine pageant arena when she first joined Binibining Pilipinas 2011 where she was awarded Best in Swimsuit and placed in the Top 15. She, however, ultimately lost to eventual Miss Universe 2011 third runner-up Shamcey Supsup.
Miss World Philippines.
After her attempt in Bb. Pilipinas, Rehman competed the following year in the Miss World Philippines tilt. During the live final on June 25, 2012, Rehman was awarded seven out of the seventeen special awards including Best in Swimsuit, Most Photogenic and Miss Talent and at the conclusion of the event, she was crowned by outgoing Miss World Philippines Gwendoline Ruais and was awarded the honor of representing the Philippines at Miss World 2012.
Miss World 2012.
Rehman arrived in Ordos City in China on July 19, 2012 to begin vying for the Miss World crown together with 115 other delegates. Over the duration of the pageant, Rehman was tapped as one of clear frontrunners along with Australia's Jessica Kahawaty, South Sudan's Atong Demach and Mexico's Mariana Berumen. She also gained worldwide attention for her talent she showcased for the pageant which was beatboxing which landed her in the websites of the Huffington Post and Time.
Ultimately, she placed in the Top 15, placing 8th behind Miss World 2012 Yu Wenxia of China.

</doc>
<doc id="36541623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541623" title="Conference of Catholic Bishops of the Russian Federation">
Conference of Catholic Bishops of the Russian Federation

Conference of Catholic Bishops of the Russian Federation is a collective body of the national church and the administration of the Roman Catholic Church in Russia. Established and approved on March 2, 1999.
Plenary.
Plenary sessions of the Conference held twice a year.
Chairmen.
Chairman may be elected one of the bishops. The President is elected for a term of 3 years. Hold the post can be no more than two consecutive terms.
Archbishop Tadeusz Kondrusiewicz, from 1999 to 2005
Bishop Joseph Werth, from 2005 to 2011
Archbishop Paolo Pezzi in 2011
Composition.
The structure consists of the four dioceses bishops in the territory of Russia, and the Secretary General of the Conference. At present, their members include:
Archbishop Paolo Pezzi, Chairman;
Bishop Clemens Pickel, vice-chairman;
Bishop Joseph Werth
Bishop Cyryl Klimowicz;
Igor Leonidovich Kovalevsky, Secretary-General
Structure.
The Liturgical Commission
Commission on the Laity, and youth movements
Catechetical Commission
The Commission for Cooperation with public authorities
Commission for the Family
The Commission for pastoral activities and vocations
The Commission for inter-Christian and interreligious dialogue and dialogue with non-believers
Commission on social and charitable activities
Catholic martyrs of Russia.
On January 30, 2002, the Conference of Catholic Bishops of Russia adopted a program of "Catholic martyrs of Russia", in which are studies of life and death of the Servants of God - candidates for the deduction of a beatified (beatification).
See also.
Conference of Catholic Bishops

</doc>
<doc id="36541651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541651" title="Ecovative Design">
Ecovative Design

Headquartered in Green Island, New York, Ecovative Design LLC is a medium size, bio-materials company focusing on developing innovative materials from natural growth processes.
History.
Ecovative is developed from a university project of founders Eben Bayer and Gavin McIntyre. In their Inventor's Studio course at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute taught by Burt Swersey, Eben and Gavin pursued mycelium as a binding substance to create a mushroom-based insulation, formerly called Greensulate. In Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute's business incubator, the pair patented the material. In 2008, they were awarded $700,000 first place in the Picnic Green Challenge. 
Since 2008, Ecovative Design has developed and commercialized production of a protective packaging called EcoCradle. Non-food agricultural by-products like husks and plant stalks from rice, buckwheat, and cottonseed combine with mycelium to grow tunable materials like EcoCradle. The company has produced protective packaging for companies including Dell, Puma SE, and Steelcase. In spring 2012, Ecovative Design opened a new production facility and announced a partnership with Sealed Air to expand production of the packaging materials.
Technology.
Ecovative Design has developed a process which uses fungal mycelium to bind materials together and grow them into specific shapes. The process uses an agricultural waste product such as cotton hulls, cleaning the material, heating it up, inoculating it to create growth of the fungal mycelium, growing the material for period of about five days, and finally heating it to make the fungus inert.
During growth, the material's shape can be molded into various products including protective packaging, building products, apparel, car bumpers, or surfboards. 
The environmental footprint of the products is minimized through the use of agricultural waste, reliance on natural and non-controlled growth environments, and home compostable final products.
Media.
Popular Science featured the composite insulation in its 2009 Invention Awards. Season 6, Episode 8 (25:20) of , also featured the insulation as lab technicians tested the materials' flame resistant properties after finding particles on a victim's clothing. Packaging World magazine featured Ecovative on its July 2011 cover, suggesting that the company is poised to "be a game changer in various industries." 
The World Economic Forum also recognized Ecovative as a Technology Pioneer in 2011.
Support.
The development of the material and processes has been supported by the Picnic Green Challenge, the Environmental Protection Agency, National Collegiate Inventors and Innovators Alliance (NCIIA), ASME, the National Science Foundation, NYSERDA, 3M New Ventures, The DOEN Foundation, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a license agreement with Sealed Air. 
In addition to an array of awards, Ecovative's materials have been extensively highlighted in Material ConneXion libraries around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36541652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541652" title="Tynon">
Tynon

Tynon is a turn-based fantasy social online game developed by uCool Inc, which is partially made up of indie game developers formerly of Evony.
Development.
Tynon is uCool's first entry into the game market. The developers stated they wanted to create a separate independent studio and focus on a complex, hybrid style of game that is very different from other titles. The studio has at least 170 staff, and the game is flash based and played via a web browser. The game is to be distributed digitally as a DRM-free flash based game, initially for the Windows and Mac platforms.
The game was launched on July 26, 2012.
Relaunch.
Tynon went into a second closed beta that launched on May 20, 2013. The second closed beta ended on June 12, 2013 and the second incarnation of the game went live on June 13, 2013. 
Plot.
The Dark Wizard Wyrm has somehow bewitched the king, leaving the land of Tynon in turmoil. Allies have become suspicious and an elite knight named Rosaline has taken up the quest to rescue the king and restore order. The lands continue to burn while wicked goblins roam free, serpent queens plague Verdant City, and the kingdom is threatened by disaster and slavery.
Gameplay.
Gameplay involves tactical strategy, role-playing and social interaction. There are five main areas to the game: questing, arena, heroic realm, championship warfare and guild wars. The single-player campaign is the core of the game. The arena gives the player the opportunity to compete with friends and rivals, where player may challenge anyone up to five ranks above them on the arena ladder. The dungeon, unlocked when a player reaches level 35, allows a player to battle through a series of floors in order to earn virtue and diamond fragments. The campaign and arena progress are dependent on the build of the player's city, making it closely related to the other modes of play.
There are over one hundred levels and thirteen kingdoms available for players to explore on the campaign area for Tynon. As players progress through the campaign, they will have the opportunity to collect heroes which will be able to join their battles and offers further tactical and strategic decisions a player will have to make that directly impacts their progression.

</doc>
<doc id="36541654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541654" title="Caymus Vineyards">
Caymus Vineyards

Caymus Vineyards is a Napa winery owned by Chuck Wagner and his family.
History.
The Wagner family has farmed the current Caymus property to wine grapes since the 1940s; until 1972, when the winery was established, the fruit was sold to other area wineries.
The vineyard was planted to Nathan Fay's clone of Cabernet Sauvignon in the 1960s. Fay also famously provided grapes to Stag's Leap Wine Cellars.
In 1975, the winery hired Randy Dunn as winemaker, and offered the first vintage of their flagship wine, the Caymus Special Selection. The Special Selection is not produced every year, but only in "better years" (the last vintage of Special Selection not to be released was 1996). In 1989 the 1984 Special Selection was named Wine Spectator magazine’s “Wine of the Year.” The 1990 Special Selection received the same title in 1994, making Caymus the only winery in the world to have received the award twice. The winery makes a "regular" cabernet that is released annually. 
Chuck Wagner, Charles' son, took over winemaking duties in 1984, a role which he continues to hold to this day.
Wines.
In addition to the two Cabernets, the Wagners also produce small amounts of zinfandel and sauvignon blanc under the Caymus label. The family also makes other wines under the "Wagner Family of Wine" -- Mer Soleil, Conundrum, and Belle Glos -- out of non-Cabernet varietals. Mer Soleil is a Chardonnay label made by Charlie Wagner, Chuck Wagner's eldest son, with 2 wines; the "Silver" is unoaked, while the "regular" sees barrels. Belle Glos is a Pinot noir label made by Chuck Wagner's other son, Joseph Wagner, with 5 wines; four single-vineyard wines, and a blend of vineyards that goes into "Meiomi." Conundrum produces non-varietal white and red wine. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541655" title="Hillsong Global Project">
Hillsong Global Project

The Hillsong Global Project is a project by Hillsong Music Australia working with various Hillsong Church campuses around the world, along with international worship ministries to create nine albums in nine different languages featuring Hillsong songs. The albums were released on 18 September 2012. All albums contain "Go" except for "Global Project Español", which features "You Deserve" instead and each album has different track listing.
List of albums.
"Global Project Deutsch".
"Global Project Deutsch" is the German-language version recorded with Hillsong Church Germany located in Düsseldorf.
"Global Project Português".
"Global Project Português" is the Brazilian Portuguese version recorded with Diante do Trono released on CanZion Brasil.
"Global Project Pусский".
Global Project Pусский is the Russian-language version recorded by Hillsong Church Kiev.
"Global Project Svenska".
Global Project Svenska is the Swedish-language version recorded by Hillsong Church Stockholm..

</doc>
<doc id="36541661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541661" title="David Crockett State Park">
David Crockett State Park

David Crockett State Park is a state park in Lawrenceburg, Tennessee.
The park is located on Shoal Creek and commemorates the historical activities of famous frontiersman David Crockett in the local area. Crockett settled near the creek bank in 1817 and started a powder mill, grist mill and distillery using the creek's water power. By 1820, he owned of land at Shoal Creek. He also served as one of Lawrence County's first commissioners and justices of the peace. After his industrial operations were destroyed by a flood in September 1821, Crockett left the area and moved to West Tennessee. The park was established in 1959 on of land that includes the site where Crockett had his mills and distillery.
Park facilities include reconstructions of a dam and mill. A historical museum in the park, open during the summer months, is focused on Crockett's life. A covered bridge built across Shoal Creek in 1959 was destroyed by flooding in 1998 and replaced the following year. A lake offers opportunities for fishing and boating.
Visitor facilities include two campgrounds and a restaurant. Seven two-bedroom visitor cabins built in the park in 2010 were the first vacation homes in a U.S. state park to receive LEED Silver certification from the U.S. Green Building Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36541671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541671" title="Tajrish Metro Station">
Tajrish Metro Station

Tajrish Metro Station is the northernmost and the terminus station of Tehran Metro Line 1. It is located in the area called Tajrish, district 1 municipality in northern Tehran, Iran. The station is located at Qods Square, in the northernmost section of Shariati Street. The station is the deepest of all of Tehrans metro stations with an average depth of 51 metres and the deepest being 70 meters below ground. It has an area of 150,000 sq.m with 16 escalators and 8 elevators. The Tajrish Metro Station was inaugurated on 19 February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36541683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541683" title="John Turke">
John Turke

John Turke DD was an English medieval college Fellow and university chancellor. 
Turke was a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford, and Chancellor of the University of Oxford between 1376–7. He was a Doctor of Divinity and later Canon of Salisbury Cathedral. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541692" title="List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug">
List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug

The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36541698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541698" title="Henry Roy Brahana">
Henry Roy Brahana

Henry Roy Brahana (16 August 1895, Lowell, Vermont – 15 October 1972, Dennis, Massachusetts) was a mathematician, specializing in metabelian groups and related geometric structures.
H. Roy Brahana received his PhD from Princeton University in 1920 under the direction of Oswald Veblen. In the autumn of 1920, he joined the mathematics department of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and remained there until his retirement in 1963. Brahana was the editor for the publication by the University of Illinois Press of the collected works of George Abram Miller in 5 volumes, coming out in the years 1935, 1939, 1946, 1955, and 1959. The H. Roy Brahana Prize for undergraduates at U. of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign was established in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="36541717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541717" title="John Eston">
John Eston

John Eston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36541731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541731" title="Kasbani Kasmon">
Kasbani Kasmon

Kasbani Bin Kasmon Singapore-born fitness personality (born 14 April 1989), better known by his nickname, Que Andrea Kasbani, is a fitness model and a cover model who has been featured in various magazines such as the Manja Magazine (Singapore), Mangga (Malaysia), Maskulin Magazine (Malaysia), REPS Magazine (Indonesia), Cosmopolitan Magazine (Singapore), SUTRA Magazine (Singapore) and Ifitness Magazine (Singapore) as well as on the fitness sutra website. Apart from modeling, Kasbani is also a freelance actor and has been featured on show such as BlogTv on ChannelNewsAsia and on Suria.
Pageantry.
Kasbani has participated in numerous pageant contest and won titles such as 3rd Runner Up in Mister Singapore 2010, Singapore Best Abs in Manhunt Singapore 2010, and the winner for Mister Singapore South East Asia 2010. In the year 2011, Kasbani has participated in 8 DAYS Magazine Shirtless Guy Search and he won "Mr Social Butterfly" title and award by StarHub. In the year 2012, kasbani also has participated Best Model Of The World Singapore contest and he won "Mr Physique" title.
Modeling career.
Kasbani is a fitness model for magazines in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. He was featured in Indonesia's front cover REPS Magazine in 2011 and 2012 and was named the top 7th fitness model in Indonesia by the magazine. Two Malaysia's magazines drew interest in him and he was featured in articles in Maskulin and Mangga.
In the year 2010, Kasbani was also featured as the most "hot single" by Manja Magazine in Singapore. Apart from magazines, Kasbani also appears in many other prints. He was Mr. January 2010 in the Singapore Calendar Guys 2010 and was featured as Hot Bod in local newspapers such as The New Paper, The Straits Times Urban and Berita Harian.
He became the sponsored athlete/fitness model and spokesperson for NutriFirst, one of Singapore's largest supplement online store, from the year 2009 to 2013.
Personal life and education.
Kasbani was born and raised in Singapore by his Malay Singaporean parents. He is the eldest to his two other siblings. Since he was in secondary school, Kasbani sees himself as a fitness buff; an athlete and a NCC master staff sergeant (Uniform Group).
Kasbani also drew interest in arts & design. From a young age, Kasbani proved himself that he loved colors, pattern, drawing & painting. After his secondary school, he pursues his education in visual communication (graphic design). Kasbani was awarded with a scholarship during his study and he graduated with a diploma in graphic design.
Back then, he weighed 45 kg and he began his weight training at the age of 19 years old. In 2009, upon completed his studies, he was called up for national service in the Singapore Police Force. By then his physique already up for the challenge. He was posted to the Public Transport Security Command (TransCom), a specialized unit of the SPF.
After completing national service, he pursued and completed his education in Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University (RMIT), Australia. As active as he was on the gym, Kasbani was also putting in the hours at school. He graduated and was awarded a bachelor of design (communication design) degree with distinction.
Other appearances.
Apart from modeling, Kasbani is also a freelance actor and appears on television and in plays.

</doc>
<doc id="36541758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541758" title="Norwegian Premier League all-time table">
Norwegian Premier League all-time table

There are two all-time table of the Norwegian Premier League, one which includes all matches in the top league from 1948, which includes the Norwegian Main League and onwards, and one which starts with the introduction of the First Division, later renamed the Premier League or "Tippeligaen" for its sponsor.
Table.
The table is up to date as of the end of the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36541762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541762" title="Abu Alkian">
Abu Alkian

The Abu Alkian bedouin ) is a Bedouin tribe living in Negev, Israel.
History.
Abu Alkian Bedouin and Fellah clan arrived in Negev at the end of the 19th century. Their name translates to "Valley people". Tribe leaders made an agreement with a local El Huzayil Bedouin clan and settled in the area, where kibbutz Shoval is situated today (north-west from Rahat). Abu Alkian remained there until 1956, but due to a conflict with the neighboring clan, they were forced to leave and look for a new place to live. Eventually, they settled in two villages in the Yatir area the same year.
Present day.
Since the end of the 1980s the major part of Abu Alkian clan - 3,200 of 4,300 people, or roughly 75 per cent (according to May 2012) - resides in their homes in a planned Bedouin township of Hura (Houra). As for the rest – around 1,000 people – they are scattered and live in two main clusters - unrecognized villages Atir and Um al-Hiran.
Hura.
Israel has spent tens of millions of shekels on a program to settle members of the clan in a planned neighborhood of Hura built especially for them. It is one of seven Bedouin townships in the Negev desert with approved plans and developed infrastructure (other six are: Ar'arat an-Naqab (Ar'ara BaNegev), Lakiya, Shaqib al-Salam (Segev Shalom), Kuseife (Kseife), Tel as-Sabi (Tel-Sheva) and the city of Rahat, the largest among them).
They were built in order to sedentarize Negev Bedouin and provide them with all the basic services, like work, education, medical infrastructure, etc. There is an industrial park in Hura, 8 schools, branches of several health funds (medical clinics), and several community centers. A number of community projects were initiated here in order to fight female unemployment.
Dispersion.
About 1,000 clan members live in two unrecognized villages: Atir and Um al-Hiran. Since the municipal status of these villages is not recognized by the state, they don't have basic infrastructure: electricity supply, running water or sewerage. Abu Alkian clan members living in dispersion have been offered to move into Houra and receive different benefits, for example, land lots at low prices. Nevertheless, they are reluctant to change their residence.

</doc>
<doc id="36541770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541770" title="Vendetta (band)">
Vendetta (band)

Vendetta - thrash metal group from Schweinfurt, Germany. Founded in 1984, was solved in 1990 and re-activated in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36541778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541778" title="Hanajira">
Hanajira

Al-Hanajira (also Arab al-Hanajira, al-Hanajra or el-Hanajreh) was one of the five principal Bedouin tribes inhabiting the Negev Desert prior to the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Its territory stretched north-south between Deir al-Balah and Gaza and east to the lands of the Tarabin bedouin, straddling the Hejaz Railway line. Under the British Mandate, the territory was divided between its Gaza and Beersheba. The largest clan was Abu Middein. In the 1931 British census of Palestine, Abu Middein numbered 1,419, Nuseirat numbered 1,104, Sumeiri 772, and al-Dawahra 461, bringing the total to 3,735. By the summer of 1946 the population increased to 7,125. In 1981 the population living in the Gaza Strip was roughly 10,000. 
History.
In 1830, the Acre-based governor of Gaza, Abdallah Pasha, concentrated his forces to put down a rebellion in Jabal Nablus, leaving Gaza and the Negev relatively unsecured. The Bani Attiya tribe of Wadi Araba sought to exploit the lack of state authority and encroached upon the territories of the Negev Bedouin tribes, including the Beersheba plains, without the permission of Salman Ali Azzam al-Huzayl, the Tiyaha chief of the area. Al-Huzayl subsequently formed a coalition with the Hanajira and evicted the Bani Atiyya after four battles at Wadi Ar'ara, Tell Rakhima, Wadi Abu Tulul and al-Mashash. The Palestine Exploration Fund reported that in the late 19th-century, the Hanajira grew tobacco and watermelons at Khirbet Emkemen between Khan Yunis and Rafah. 
During the British Mandate period between 1920 to 1947, the overall chief of the al-Hanajira and one of the influential tribal chiefs in the Negev was Sheikh Freih Farhan Abu Middein. He served with the British Army during World War I, and after the Mandate's establishment, he was appointed to the Tribal Court and the Advisory Council of the High Commissioner. In the early 1920s he became the mayor of Beersheba, his place of residence, and in 1922 became a member of the Legislative Council. The chief of the Nuseirat during this period was Sheikh Aaysh Farhan al-Msaddar, who was later succeeded by Sheikh Freih al-Msaddar in 1940. 
In 1946 Sheikh Freih al-Msaddar became a major figure within Jamal al-Husayni's Palestine Arab Party in the Beersheba region and the Arab Higher Committee's finance committee. In April 1948 Sheikh Freih al-Msaddar was among the notables who welcomed volunteers from the Muslim Brotherhood coming from Egypt to fight Israeli forces in Palestine. The head of the Sumeiri tribe during the Mandate period was Selim Abdullah al-Sumeiri, who was succeeded Sheikh Juma'h al-Sumeiri, while the head of al-Dawadra was Ahmad Abu Daher. 
Towards 1948 the Hanajira largely transformed into a settled agricultural community. Following the Israeli Army's main offensive against Egyptian forces in the Gaza region and its capture of the western Negev Desert in late December 1948 during the First Arab-Israeli War, the Israelis expelled the Abu Middein, Sumeiri and al-Dawahra clans to the Gaza Strip, while the Nsirat were either expelled to the Gaza Strip or Jordan. After the 1967 Six-Day War, many of the Nsirat were evicted by Israeli authorities and relocated to Jordan. 
Freih Mustafa Abu Middein, the grandson of the Abu Middein clan's former chief Sheikh Freih Farhan, was appointed the Minister of Justice by then-Palestinian Authority chairman Yasser Arafat in the 1990s.
Education.
Out of a population of 7,125, 500 members of the al-Hanajira clan were literate in 1947. They attended two schools, the Hanajirat Abu Middein School founded 12 kilometers south of Gaza in 1924 and the Nuseirat School founded 5 kilometers east of Deir al-Balah in 1944. The former was divided into four grade levels with one educator and had 75 pupils, while the latter was divided into three grade levels and had 69 pupils. 

</doc>
<doc id="36541781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541781" title="Episcopal Conference of Angola and São Tomé">
Episcopal Conference of Angola and São Tomé

The Episcopal Conference of Angola and São Tomé (Conferência Episcopal de Angola e São Tomé CEAST) is the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Angola and São Tomé and Principe. It has its headquarters in Luanda. The 21st since the November 2009 Acting Chairman is Gabriel Mbilingi, Archbishop of Lubango. Vice President of CEAST, the Bishop of Cabinda, Filomeno do Nascimento Vieira Dias. In the pastoral letters of the CEAST calls again and again for more social justice.
Chairman.
Manuel Nuñes Gabriel, Archbishop of Luanda (1967-1975)
Eduardo André Muaca, Archbishop of Luanda (1975-1982)
Manuel Franklin da Costa, Archbishop of Lubango (1982-1990)
Cardinal Alexandre do Nascimento, Archbishop of Luanda (1990-1997)
Zacarias Kamwenho, Archbishop of Lubango (1997-2003)
Damião António Franklin, Archbishop of Luanda (2003-2009)
Gabriel Mbilingi, CSSp., Archbishop of Lubango (since 2009)
See also.
Roman Catholicism in Angola

</doc>
<doc id="36541789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541789" title="Montfort Community">
Montfort Community

Montfort Community (formerly "Communauté de Communes du Pays de Montfort") is a French intermunicipal structure in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine, in Brittany.
It is part of the district of Brocéliande.
Towns.
Montfort Communauté is composed of 8 towns:
History.
This community, in the West of Rennes, with Bécherel, Plélan, St Méen le Grand and Montauban de Bretagne communities) represent the district of Brocéliande).

</doc>
<doc id="36541796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541796" title="William Taverner (fl. 1397–1407)">
William Taverner (fl. 1397–1407)

William Taverner (fl. 1397-1407), of Leominster, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Leominster in September 1397, 1402, 1406 and 1407.

</doc>
<doc id="36541814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541814" title="Becoming a Billionaire">
Becoming a Billionaire

Becoming a Billionaire (; lit. "Birth of the Rich") is a 2010 South Korean television series starring Ji Hyun-woo, Lee Bo-young, Lee Si-young and Namgoong Min. It aired on KBS2 from March 1 to May 4, 2010 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.
Plot.
Choi Seok-bong believes he is the son of a billionaire, from a one-night stand with his mother. While working as a bellboy at a luxury hotel, Seok-bong practices at the qualities he thinks a billionaire's heir would have; all these efforts are for the day he meets his birth father. But one day, Seok-bong is diagnosed with breast cancer, which only has a 50 percent survival rate. Seok-bong doesn't have enough money for treatments, and finds it absolutely ridiculous that a billionaire's heir would die because he has no money. Finding his biological father may be Seok-bong's only hope. So he turns for help to Lee Shin-mi, the heiress of Ohsung Group and a notorious penny-pincher.
International broadcast.
Its Japanese broadcasting rights were sold to NHK (along with another KBS drama "The Great Merchant") for . It also aired on Fuji TV as part of the network's "Hallyu Alpha Summer Festival."

</doc>
<doc id="36541823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541823" title="William Taverner (MP for Lyme Regis)">
William Taverner (MP for Lyme Regis)

William Taverner (fl. 1417) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lyme Regis in 1417.

</doc>
<doc id="36541825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541825" title="Budiawan">
Budiawan

Budiawan (born September 9, 1990) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for PSGC Galuh Ciamis.
Career.
His first goal for Persib Bandung is against Deltras.

</doc>
<doc id="36541845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541845" title="Menunketesuck Island">
Menunketesuck Island

Menunketesuck Island, also known as Menunketesuck Point, is an island in Long Island Sound belonging to the town of Westbrook, Connecticut in Middlesex County, Connecticut.
Physical description.
Menunketesuck Island consists of approximately 4.6 acres of land, though the actual acreage varies according to the tides. Although the elevation of the island reaches as much as 8 to 10 feet towards the center, the island perimeter consists largely of tidal flats, shoals and sandbars which are exposed at low tide, but underwater during high tide.
The narrow island measures approximately 2,100 feet long and 170 feet wide during high tide; length increases to roughly 2,700 feet during low tide, with some portions of the island growing up to 270 feet wide. 
During high tide, the northern end of the island lies approximately 700 feet from the shoreline. Because low tide exposes expansive sandbars and tidal flats, the distance from the shoreline decreases considerably, usually averaging between 100 and 200 feet from the mainland. The island is separated from the mainland by exceptionally shallow water during low tide, such that it can easily be accessed on foot. During high tide, the depth of the water increases to approximately 5 to 8 feet deep.
Conservation.
Menunketesuck Island is part of the Salt Meadow Unit of the Stewart B. McKinney National Wildlife Refuge. The National Audubon Society has also dubbed the island an "Important Bird Area".

</doc>
<doc id="36541853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541853" title="Alon Tal">
Alon Tal

Alon Tal (, born 12 July 1960) is a leading Israeli environmental activist, co-founder of the Israel Union for Environmental Defense, the Arava Institute for Environmental Studies and the Green Zionist Alliance, and co-chair of the Green Movement political party.
Early life.
Tal was born on July 12, 1960, and grew up in Raleigh, North Carolina, as Albert Rosenthal. He was active in the Young Judaea youth movement, served on its national executive board, and participated in its Israel program in 1977. After graduating from the University of North Carolina in 1980, he moved to Israel and enlisted in the Israeli army. He changed his name to Alon Tal after making aliyah to Israel and becoming an Israeli citizen. He served in the Nahal paratrooper division and saw action in the 1982 First Lebanon War. After his discharge, Tal attended Hebrew University Law School in Jerusalem. During his time in law school, he worked as a legal intern in Israel’s Environmental Protection Service (part of the Ministry of Interior) and subsequently clerked in the office of Israel’s Attorney General, Yitzhak Zamir. In 1986, Tal returned to the U.S. and enrolled in the Harvard School of Public Health, where he studied Environmental Science and Public Policy. His doctoral dissertation, which was funded by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, analyzed state strategies to control agricultural nonpoint source pollution.
Environmental career.
Tal returned to Israel in 1989 and settled at kibbutz Ketura with his wife Robyn. In 1990, he founded the Israel Union for Environmental Defense, one of Israel’s leading advocacy groups. In this capacity, he initiated successful legal action to address a range of environmental hazards (for example, illegal sewage discharges and air and water pollution), repeatedly sued the government for inadequate implementation of environmental law, and provided free legal representation to numerous local environmental organizations. In 1995, the organization filed a highly publicized – but ultimately unsuccessful – petition to the Supreme Court to prevent the building of Highway 6.
In 1996, Tal founded the Arava Institute for Environmental Studies at kibbutz Ketura, an advanced academic program that brings together Israelis, Palestinians, Jordanians and international students. In 1999, he was elected chairman of Life and Environment, the umbrella organization for Israel’s environmental groups, which grew from 24 to 80 member groups during his five-year tenure.
In 1998, Tal was a visiting scholar at the University of Otago in New Zealand, where he wrote "Pollution in a Promised Land", a comprehensive history of Israel’s environment. Tal joined the faculty of Ben Gurion University in 2005 as an associate professor in the Department of Desert Ecology at the university’s Sde Boker campus. His research has focused on monitoring transboundary stream water quality, assessing the Israeli government’s environmental enforcement program, evaluating national environmental education programs, surveying Israel’s environmental movement, and assessing a range of environmental history and policy issues.
In 2001, Tal co-founded the Green Zionist Alliance: The Grassroots Campaign for a Sustainable Israel, a New York-based nonprofit that works to protect the environment of Israel and the Middle East. Since then, Tal has served on the Green Zionist Alliance's Israeli advisory board.
In 2002, Tal joined the international board of the Jewish National Fund (JNF), Israel’s forestry and land reclamation agency, as an elected representative of the Green Zionist Alliance, in partnership with the Conservative Movement. He was appointed chair of the JNF’s subcommittee for sustainability, which in 2005 drafted new policies for the organization’s forestry, reservoirs and stream restoration program. Since 2006, he has served as chair of the Land Development Committee, which oversees the JNF’s forestry and land restoration work. The committee’s efforts have helped expand funding for sustainable afforestation, bike trails and research.
In 2007, Tal and Mohammad Said Al-Hmaida, former director of the Palestinian Ministry of Environment, were commissioned by Friends of the Earth Middle East to write a “shadow treaty” for a final settlement between Israel and the Palestinians, which offered an ambitious vision of cooperation and coordinated management. Tal also helped bring together 15 Israeli and 15 Palestinian water experts to consider specific areas of agreement and disagreements in regional water management, which was published in the 2010 book "Water Wisdom".
Tal won the Charles Bronfman Prize for young humanitarian leadership in 2006 and used the prize money to establish the Tal Fund, which supports grassroots Israeli environmental activism. Tal received Israel’s Environment Ministry’s lifetime achievement award as a 48 year old, in honor of Israel’s 60th anniversary in 2008.
In 2011, Tal was a visiting professor at Stanford University’s Center for Conservation Biology where he wrote "All the Trees of the Forest: Israel’s Woodlands from the Bible to the Present" which was published in November 2013. In 2012 he chaired the 4th International Conference on Drylands, Deserts and Desertification at Ben Gurion University.
Tal presently lives in Macabim with his wife and three daughters, is active in his local Masorti synagogue as community gabai, and intermittently plays fiddle and mandolin in the Arava Riders, an Israeli bluegrass band.
Political career.
Green movement.
In 2008, Tal was among the founders of the Green Movement, which ran in the 2009 Knesset elections on a joint ticket with Meimad. Tal was the third candidate on the slate. The party received 1% of the popular vote, which fell short of the required 2% threshold.
In 2010, Tal was elected chair of the party and began promoting a broad social and environmental agenda. Shortly thereafter, the Green Movement took legal action to prevent the appointment of Yoav Galant as chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces, due to his seizure of public land next to his home and the filing of a false affidavit to the Supreme Court. The Attorney General eventually accepted the Green Movement's position and Galant's appointment was cancelled. During Tal's tenure, the party also initiated campaigns to save the Samar sand dunes, to prevent the privatization of national parks, to stop the development of highway overpasses in the Jerusalem Forest and to create a “Green New Deal” for Israel’s economy. Tal also successfully sponsored an initiative to ensure gender equality in the party, ensuring parallel female and male party co-chairs.
Tal is one of the only advocates for a national policy to reduce population growth in Israel. In 2011, a national convention of the Green Party supported a position that in general recognized the importance of the population issue, but chose not to prioritize it immediately.
Tal called attention to population growth as early as 2002, in "Pollution in the Promised Land", his survey of environmental history in Israel:
2013 legislative elections.
In 2012, Tal ran for the Knesset under the Hatnuah party for the January 22, 2013 elections, as number 13 on the party list. Six months after the elections, he stepped down as party chairman to complete his sabbatical at Stanford where he wrote his most recent book: "The Earth is Full: Addressing Overpopulation in Israel."

</doc>
<doc id="36541854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541854" title="El Ponceño">
El Ponceño

El Ponceño, founded in 1852, was the first newspaper published in Ponce, Puerto Rico. The paper was originally named "El Observador Ponceño" but it was shortened to "El Ponceño".
History.
El Ponceño was founded by Daniel Rivera. It came to the light of day at a time of political repression of the press in Puerto Rico. Yet, "despite a late start in Puerto Rico, the press played a significant role in the literature and the cultural life of Puerto Rico. The Royal Decree of 1834 censured the printing of texts and this was also applied to the press. In 1836 there was a restoration of the freedom of the press for Spanish papers but not for papers published in the Spanish colonies. Despite this, in 1839 the "Boletín Instructivo y Mercantil de Puerto Rico" was established in San Juan. In 1848 "El Imparcial" was founded in Mayaguez; it lasted 50 days before being vanished by Governor Juan Prim. Likewise El Ponceño was also shut down, but "in its short life it managed to become part of the cultural life and the sustainment of economic development" of the area. The paper was founded in 1852 in the city of Ponce as "El Observador Ponceño" It was a weekly paper, published on Saturdays. The paper was located on Calle Cristina, in the same structure that Luis Munoz Rivera later published "La Democracia."
Coverage.
The paper covered issues related to municipal (improvements, roads, bridges) and island affairs as well as political matters. Poetry was one method used in the paper to publish popular thought. Satire was another. One of the better known writers in this paper was Ramon Marin. Ramon Marin later became a well-known Ponce historian and one of his grandchildren became governor of Puerto Rico. According to Villagómez, one reason the paper evaded official censure was because it contained mostly articles that "were not a threat to the colonial political system but a criticism to the pro-slavery society in Ponce.
Closure.
Enjoying two years of continuous weekly publishing, El Ponceño was shut down by the Spanish government in July 1854. The orders came from the Spanish governor in the Island, Fernando de Norzagaray, for offending the conservative views of his administration. Tensions had been building for some time, but the July 22, 1854 publishing of a poem by Daniel Rivera title "Agüeybaná El Bravo" proved too much for the conservative Spanish government to bear. The poem praised the 1511 Taino Indian revolt against the Spanish invaders. Daviel Rivera was sent into exile by Norzagaray.
Daniel Rivera's poem read, in part, as follows:
After the closing of El Ponceño, Vilardell founded "El Fénix", and performed as both reporter and editor. He also went into the insurance business.

</doc>
<doc id="36541857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541857" title="Fairmount Park Neighborhood">
Fairmount Park Neighborhood

The Fairmount Park Neighborhood is one of the most culturally and ethnically diverse neighborhoods in the City of Norfolk, Virginia and since 2004 has been undergoing a massive revitalization. The Fairmount Park neighborhood consists of nine distinct neighborhoods including Fairmount Park, Willard Park, Lafayette Annex, Fairmount Manor, Lafayette Manor, Lafayette Terrace, Belmont Place, Bell’s Farm and Kent Park neighborhoods. The neighborhoods are represented by the Fairmount Park Civic League which represents over 2,300 households and is the second largest Civic League in Norfolk. The Fairmount Park neighborhoods are solid working and middle-class neighborhoods of tree lined streets with a variety of architectural styles, including Arts and Craft period bungalows, Victorian farmhouses, European Romantic, American Four Squares, and the Norfolk Coastal cottage. 
Fairmount Park is primarily a residential neighborhood with commercial businesses scattered along Tidewater Drive, Cromwell Drive, Chesapeake Boulevard, and Lafayette Boulevard including a major grocery store, gas stations, restaurants, shops and numerous neighborhood churches. Public facilities and amenities include the five acre Shoop Park in the heart of Fairmount Park located on Shoop Avenue. The park includes: Basketball courts for both adults and teenagers, separate basketball courts for young children, a large playground with a variety of equipment, an interactive 'splash park' with jets and fountain area, various covered picnic shelters with benches and tables, a volleyball court, bocce court and horseshoe pits. An exercise trail with 8 Wellness stations along with a walking and running trail surrounds the park. There are a variety of other open spaces located in the neighborhood. The Fairmount Park Civic League was recognized as a Neighborhood Project of the Year Award winner in 2011 by the Virginia Statewide Neighborhood Conference for creating a comprehensive education and outreach strategy, strengthening neighbor relationships, and building strong partnerships with community stakeholders and the City of Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="36541858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541858" title="List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast">
List of Chairmen of the Legislative Assembly of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast

The Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast is the presiding officer of that legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36541859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36541859" title="Athens Christian School">
Athens Christian School

Athens Christian School (ACS) is an inter-denominational Christian school located in Athens, Georgia.
Academics.
The motto of Athens Christian School is "Quality Education in a Christian Atmosphere". ACS is accredited by the Georgia Accrediting Commission.

</doc>
