<doc id="36850365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850365" title="Dicke Tannen">
Dicke Tannen

Dicke Tannen is a protected landscape, around in area, near the Harz village of Hohegeiß, which lies in the borough of Braunlage. It is the site of the mightiest spruce trees in North Germany; the individual trees reaching heights of 50 metres and trunk diameters of 100 to 180 centimetres. The landscape has been specially protected since 1989 as a natural monument.
The trees, which are up to 350 years old and known colloquially as "Rottannen" ("Red Firs") were first mentioned in the 18th century in forestry documents. They owe their survival, firstly, to their location on the steep, wind-sheltered slopes of the narrow Wolfsbach valley; secondly, the fact that they were almost too difficult to fell with the axes and saws of the time on account of their huge size and the transportation of their timber would have proven almost impossible. As a result the area has not been used for forestry for over 200 years and thus gives the impression of almost being a virgin forest.
Whilst around 1900, just under 120 trees were counted; around 1960 there were 85, in 1980, just 58, and currently there are only 23 healthy and 2 dead trees left. Apart from those reaching their natural age limit, changing environmental conditions may also have affected them. Dicke Tannen is No. 45 in the system of checkpoints forming the Harzer Wandernadel hiking network.

</doc>
<doc id="36850370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850370" title="Northern Mariana Islands status referendum, 1975">
Northern Mariana Islands status referendum, 1975

A referendum on becoming a US commonwealth was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 17 June 1975. The proposal was approved by 79% of voters. As a result, the United States Congress approved the change of status on 24 March 1976.
Background.
Four previous referendums on either integation with Guam or the islands' status had been held in 1958, 1961, 1963 and 1969. On each occasion a majority had been in favour of integration with Guam. However, the proposal remained unfulfilled, as Guam had rejected integration in a 1969 referendum.
On 20 February 1975 the Northern Marianas' District Legislature put forward proposals to become a US commonwealth. A threshold of 55% in favour was set in order for the referendum to pass.

</doc>
<doc id="36850381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850381" title="Romanticism and Bacon">
Romanticism and Bacon

The Romantics, in seeking to understand Nature in her living essence, studied the 'Father of Science', Sir Francis Bacon. The view of Bacon and the 'inductive method' that emerges is quite a different one from that that tended to prevail both before and then after, here mainly due to John Stuart Mill's interpretation later in the 1800s. For the Romantics, induction as generally interpreted 'was not enough to produce correct understanding in Bacon's terms.' They saw another side of Bacon, generally not developed, one in which nature was a labyrinth not open to "excellence of wit" nor "chance experiments": "Our steps must be guided by a clue, and see what way from the first perception of the sense must be laid out upon a sure plan."
Coleridge and Bacon.
The chief spokesman for Romantic philosophy and the 'science of science' or epistemology, was Samuel Taylor Coleridge. An anonymous article (written by John Stuart Mill) published in the Westminster Review of 1840 noted that "the Romantic philosophy of Coleridge pervaded the minds and hearts of a significant portion of British intellectuals." Coleridge held that Bacon's view was that the secrets of nature, the inner essence that Bacon termed "natura naturans", required a different "mode of knowing" from the intellect, but required a knowing that was "participative in its essence" and "above the ordinary human consciousness, a super-conscious mind." Here Coleridge refers to Bacon's idea of the 'Lumen siccum' - dry light or Platonic Idea that exists before and above any observation of nature, indeed directs and influences it - an organizing idea.
A good example of what Coleridge is talking about would be the shift from the Ptolemaic, earth-centred universe, which accords with man's immediate experience, to the Copernican, helio-centric one, which accords with reason. Without the benefit of the organizing idea involving a higher cognitive faculty, science will tend to deal with secondary aspects of nature instead of the primary, essential properties. As Richard Saumarez, a contemporary of Coleridge, and the creator of a dynamic understanding of physiology, wrote:
An example of this is the difference between Newton's approach to understanding color as seen via light bent through a prism (secondary event) and Goethe's approach which involved the direct observation (in the original sense of participation using that faculty of mind Coleridge called for) as set out in his Chromatology ("Farbenlehre").
For Coleridge, Bacon's emphasis on clearing the "idols' that refract and distort the intellect, and developing a higher cognitive capacity is an integral part of Bacon's method for science.
For Coleridge, Bacon is rightly seen as the 'father of science', but not for the right reasons. Coleridge set out to correct what he saw as a misunderstanding of Bacon's scientific method. First he deals with the “original Science of natura naturata methodology of Francis Bacon.” He notes with Saumarez that Bacon also calls for an 'organizing idea' in science which both frames and helps to realize the experiment.
While it is true that Bacon praises the experiment over sense perception, this is in the context of there being a valid organizing idea to begin with. Without it, sense perception will amount to pure empiricism, which may lead to a compass (technology), but no advance in science (Idea and Law), but also without it, experiment becomes arid and without foundation in reality.
While experiment is important to avoid subjective sense-impressions, as Bacon rightly says, what he says for Coleridge is that " our perception can apprehend through the organs of sense only the phenomena evoked by the experiment, but that same power of mind which out of its own laws has proposed the experiment, can judge whether in nature there is a law correspondent to the same."
The organizing idea for Bacon is something different from sense-experience.
So in summary, for Coleridge, Bacon’s system is properly one that derives from and depends on the supersensible realm.
Thus, method involves the ordering of sense-data according to an idea which is not derived from the senses, but informs the data, such that their meaning is revealed when properly ordered - this order is not a matter of chance or random happenings out of the sense-data, but directed by the very nature of the idea being used, consciously or sub-consciously (as is most often the case in scientific genius).
From our innate experience of a connection with that which we experience as also separate, arises the necessary corollary that there is a dynamic relationship (because polar) between ourselves and nature.
Thus, method of inquiry that Coleridge develops 'is a holstic, relational metaphysic that is perpetually self-correcting' and this ongoing metaphysical/scientific inquiry has two defining features: a leading thought and a progression or advancement, that it 'cannot…otherwise than by abuse, be applied to a mere dead arrangement, containing in itself a distinct science, the immediate offspring of philosophy, and the link or mordant by which philosophy becomes scientific and the sciences philosophical'.
Whewell and Bacon's method.
Whewell's inductivism shares "numerous features with Bacon's method of interpreting nature" such as that induction must go beyond merely simple collation of instances and that inductive science can reach unobservables - "for Bacon, the “forms,” for Whewell, unobservable entities such as light waves or properties such as elliptical orbits or gravitational forces." 
For Whewell as for Bacon the mind had to be engaged actively in what was selected for observation and then when it was observed, otherwise "the resulting theory is not an “induction,” but rather a “hasty and imperfect hypothesis.”
Whewell's is an inductive method "yet it clearly differs from the more narrow inductivism of Mill." 
Peirce and abductive reasoning.
Charles Sanders Peirce pointed out why Bacon's approach, which involves what he calls abduction as well as induction, tended to become reduced to induction, and then collapsed by Popper into the hypothetico-deductive model, where the hypothesis, which contains both the abductive inference and the inductive reasoning, becomes just a guess rather than being seen as a result of careful thought - Bacon's 'lumens siccum'.

</doc>
<doc id="36850386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850386" title="Maenoshin Yasuo">
Maenoshin Yasuo

Maenoshin Yasuo (born 17 April 1961 as Yasuo Sawabe) is a former sumo wrestler from Chikuho, Fukuoka, Japan. He made his professional debut in March 1977, and reached the top division in November 1985. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in March 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36850404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850404" title="Ray Barrett (athlete)">
Ray Barrett (athlete)

Ray Barrett from New South Wales is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia. At the 1972 Summer Paralympics he won a bronze medal in the 100 m Wheelchair 2 event. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850407" title="1948 Salad Bowl">
1948 Salad Bowl

The 1948 Salad Bowl was a postseason American college football bowl game between the Nevada Wolfpack and the North Texas State Teachers College Eagles at Montgomery Stadium in Phoenix, Arizona, on January 1, 1948. The game marked the first bowl game for each school. 
It was the 1st edition of the annual Salad Bowl. North Texas represented the Lone Star Conference in the contest, while Nevada competed as an Independent. In a defensive struggle, Nevada would earn their first bowl win with a 13–6 victory.
Organization of the game.
The Salad Bowl began as the idea of Herb Askins, a prominent businessman in the Phoenix area and the president of the Phoenix Kiwanis Club. The game was intended to serve as a community-minded fund raiser with all proceeds going to local charities that helped handicapped children. Although the seeds for the Salad Bowl were planted in Askin's mind prior to World War II, the game would not come to fruition until 1948.
The site of the game was Montgomery Stadium at Phoenix Union High School. Arizona State College's Goodwin Stadium was entertained as a possible site of the game although it was ultimately rejected as Montgomery had a seating capacity of 23,000 as opposed to Goodwin's 15,000.
Teams.
North Texas Eagles.
The Eagles entered its first bowl game with a 10-1 record and the Lone Star Conference championship in hand. The 1947 team was dominant, holding 5 opponents scoreless and 10 to a touchdown or less. The Eagles' lone loss was a 12-0 defeat against Arkansas in Little Rock which was followed by a victory in Gainesville against Florida.
Nevada Wolfpack.
The Nevada Wolfpack also entered its first bowl game with an 8-2 Record. The Wolfpack was led by All-American and Heisman Finalist Stan Heath. Nevada originally accepted its invitation to the salad bowl however, weeks prior to the game, the team voted not to participate in the game. Nevada ultimately attended after the threat of lawsuit.
Game summary.
North Texas scored first before Nevada added a pair of touchdowns, with the second one coming late in the fourth quarter. A missed extra point kept North Texas within a touchdown, but a final drive stalled at the Nevada 28 when a likely game-winning score was dropped in the end zone. All players received a wristwatch after the game as a token of appreciation.

</doc>
<doc id="36850411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850411" title="Northern Mariana Islands constitutional referendum, 1977">
Northern Mariana Islands constitutional referendum, 1977

A constitutional referendum was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 6 March 1977. The new constitution was approved by 96% of voters and came into force on 9 January 1978.
Background.
A Constitutional Assembly had been elected and drafted the new constitution between 18 October until 5 December 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36850421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850421" title="Julian Korb">
Julian Korb

Julian Korb (born 21 March 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36850426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850426" title="Karl Emil Tandberg">
Karl Emil Tandberg

Karl Emil Tandberg (11 December 1873 – 1942) was a Norwegian businessperson.
He was born in Hole. He was the manager and owner of Oslo Baand- og Lidsefabrikk, a band and lace factory at Rodeløkka. He was member of the Federation of Norwegian Industries board as a representative of the domestic industry group, a board member of "De Norske Bomuldsvarefabrikers Forening", Askim Gummivarefabrik, Den Norske Kalosje- og Gummivarefabrik, Den Norske Remfabrik, Hasle Brug, Grand Hotel and a supervisory council member of Hotel Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="36850428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850428" title="Akenohoshi Women's Junior College">
Akenohoshi Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="36850432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850432" title="Tish-atal">
Tish-atal

Tish-atal (Hurrian ) (fl. c. 21st century BC) was endan of Urkesh during the Third Dynasty of Ur. He was one of the earliest known Hurrian rulers, but the archaeological record is fragmentary for this period, and no precise date can be ascribed to his reign.
Name.
In older literature the name "Tishari" is sometimes used, but it has now been established that the correct rendering is Tish-atal. Two other rulers with a similar name are known from around the same period, Tish-atal of Nineveh and Dishatal, king of Karahar. These are thought to be distinct persons, so the name was probably common in the area where the Hurrians lived.
Inscription.
A cuneiform inscription about a temple of Nergal is the only source for Tish-atal. The text is found on two bronze lion statuettes, but there is a better preserved copy on a stone tablet, now in the Louvre Museum, along with one of the lions. This famous inscription is the earliest known writing in the Hurrian language. The following translation is given by Mirjo Salvini:
"Tish-atal, endan of Urkesh, has built a temple for Nergal. May the god Lubadag protect it. He who destroys this temple, may Lubadag destroy. May the god [...] not hear his prayers. May the lady of Nagar, Shimaga and the storm god curse ten thousand times he who destroys it."

</doc>
<doc id="36850470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850470" title="Branimir Hrgota">
Branimir Hrgota

Branimir Hrgota (born 12 January 1993 in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Swedish-Bosnian footballer who plays as a striker for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga.
Club career.
Jönköpings Södra.
Hrgota started his career as a youth player in lower league side IK Tord which he combined with competing in Karate. In 2008 he made the decision to give up martial arts and transferred to second division team Jönköpings Södra. He made his debut with the first team in 2011 and became the league top scorer that season, netting 18 goals in 25 games. After the season Hrgota received the player of the year award from the club supporters. Several clubs were interested in buying him after his successful debut year but Hrgota decided to stay with Jönköpings Södra so that he could finish school in the spring. He went on to score 10 goals in 14 games the following season before moving to Germany in the summer.
Borussia Mönchengladbach.
On 4 July 2012, he completed his move to German side Borussia Mönchengladbach. He made his Bundesliga debut against TSG 1899 Hoffenheim as 74th minute substitute, replacing Mike Hanke. On 11 May 2013, he made the first eleven for the first time against 1. FSV Mainz 05. He made a big impact on the game scoring a hat-trick. His first ever Bundesliga goal was a converted penalty five minutes before half-time. In the second half he scored two more goals, both with his left foot. After 85 minutes he was substituted for Lukas Rupp.
International career.
Hrgota is eligible to play national team football for Sweden, Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. So far he has only represented Sweden but Croatia U21 coach Ivo Šušak contacted him during the fall of 2012 in an attempt to bring Hrgota over to his team.

</doc>
<doc id="36850496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850496" title="List of members of the Løgting, 2004–08">
List of members of the Løgting, 2004–08

A list of members of the Løgting from 2004 to 2008. The Løgting had 32 members this period. After 2008 the number of members was 33. The election for the Løgting was held on 20 January 2004. Tjóðveldi (Republic) got 8 members elected, Union Party, Social Democratic Party and People's Party got 7 members elected, Centre Party got 2 members and Self-Government Party got one member elected for the Løgting.

</doc>
<doc id="36850500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850500" title="Bakoko people">
Bakoko people

The Bakoko, also known as the Basoo, are an ethnic group in Cameroon. According to 2010 figures there are around 111,000 of them, mostly concentrated in the Littoral Region in the southwest of the country. The speak the Bakoko language, which is a Bantu language, and are related to the Bassa people. These people put up a resistance to the Germans when they invaded in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="36850550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850550" title="Giuseppe Pira">
Giuseppe Pira

Giuseppe Pira (born 1 January 1992) is an Italian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36850581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850581" title="Taisiya Osipova">
Taisiya Osipova

Taisiya Vital'evna Osipova (Russian: Таисия Витальевна Осипова, born 26 August 1984 in Smolensk) is a Russian opposition activist from the unregistered National Bolshevik Party and "The Other Russia" party. She is the wife of opposition activist Sergei Fomchenkov.
In 2011 Osipova was sentenced by the Russian courts to 10 years in prison for possession of heroin. In 2012 the sentence was reduced to 8 years in a retrial ordered by a higher court, after President Dmitry Medvedev had called her original sentence "too harsh". Osipova claims the heroin had been planted in a police raid. Mikhail Fedotov, head of Russia's council on human rights, has called the verdict a "legal mistake".

</doc>
<doc id="36850589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850589" title="Sheila Gaff">
Sheila Gaff

Sheila Gaff (December 29, 1989) is a German mixed martial artist, and was fighting in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship but was released on August 12, 2013. She is known for her berserker fighting style, which has resulted in most of her wins coming via (T)KO stoppage within the first two minutes of a fight.
Mixed martial arts career.
Gaff made her mixed martial arts debut on September 2, 2006. She won six of her first eight fights over the next three years.
On March 27, 2010, Gaff competed in a one-night tournament at Upcoming Glory 7. She defeated Lena Buytendijk in the first round and lost to Romy Ruyssen later in the night.
Gaff faced Cindy Dandois two months later at M-1 Selection 2010: Western Europe Round 3. She was disqualified after landing an illegal knee early in the third round.
On February 26, 2011, Gaff dropped down to 125 pounds to face Hanna Sillen at The Zone FC 8: Inferno. She defeated Sillen by knockout in eight seconds.
Cage Warriors.
Gaff made her Cage Warriors debut when she fought Ireland's Aisling Daly at Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 41 on April 24, 2011 in Kentish Town, London. She defeated Daly by TKO in the first round.
Gaff was then scheduled to face Angela Hayes at Cage Warriors: Fight Night 2, but had to pull out due to illness and was replaced by Aisling Daly.
Gaff next fought Jennifer Maia at Cage Warriors: Fight Night 4 as part of a four-woman flyweight tournament to crown the inaugural Cage Warriors women's flyweight champion. She defeated Maia via knockout in ten seconds.
Gaff was scheduled to face Rosi Sexton in the tournament final at Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 49 on October 27, 2012 in Cardiff, Wales. Voluntary Anti-Doping Association (VADA) drug testing was used in the weeks prior to the planned fight. However, the bout was cancelled on October 19 when Gaff withdrew due to illness.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On March 1, 2013, German magazine groundandpound.de reported that Gaff had signed a 4-fight contract with the UFC to join the UFC women's bantamweight division. She faced Sara McMann at UFC 159 on April 27. Gaff lost the fight via TKO in the first round.
In her second fight with the promotion, Gaff faced Amanda Nunes at UFC 163 on August 3, 2013. She lost the fight via TKO in the first round.
On August 12, 2013 German MMA magazine GroundandPound reported her release from the UFC.

</doc>
<doc id="36850602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850602" title="Forsikringsselskapet Norge">
Forsikringsselskapet Norge

Forsikringsselskapet Norge ("Insurance Company Norway") was a general insurance company based in Drammen, Norway.
History.
It was founded as Brandforsikringsselskabet Norge on 9 May 1857 as a fire insurance company. The founder and first chief executive was H. F. Bang.
In 1888 he was succeeded by Alb. Mohn. 
From 1899 to 1919 Aage Lammers was the chief executive, and from 1919 Johs. Thv. Thomassen. Nils J. Hagerup later took over.
In 1988 it was acquired by Forenede-Gruppen (Forenede Forsikring).

</doc>
<doc id="36850612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850612" title="South Lancs/Cheshire 1">
South Lancs/Cheshire 1

South Lancs/Cheshire 1 is an English Rugby Union League at the seventh tier of club rugby union. Promoted teams enter North 1 West and relegated teams enter South Lancs/Cheshire 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36850613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850613" title="Yossi Aharon">
Yossi Aharon

Yossi Aharon () is a musician and virtuoso Greek bouzouki player from Tiberias, Israel.
Biography.
Yossi Aharon began his musical career at age 6 and learned to play mandolin, violin and piano. He showed talent and loved to play classical melodies of popular composers. He studied computing and successfully graduated.
Bouzouki.
During a visit to Greece, he started to learn to play bouzouki. He was influenced by Greek culture and developed a deep affinity for Greek music and Rebetiko. In Israel, He began teaching the instrument.
He built a new website called “The Greek world” (Hebrew: “Haolam Ha’yevani”) containing information on Greek music and culture. The website received thousands of unique users each month. He wrote the book “Kessem Ha’bouzouki” (“The Magic of Bouzouki”), a comprehensive Greek bouzouki method book in Hebrew include Greek musical scales. More than 1000 copies of the book were sold in Israel. His great passion for Greek music and constant visits to Greece caused him to abandon his profession to spend his time in music.
In August 2012, he released the album “Melodies From The Heart”, a Greek bouzouki instrumentals album.

</doc>
<doc id="36850622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850622" title="Orwa Nyrabia">
Orwa Nyrabia

Orwa Nyrabia (; born 16 December 1977) is an independent Syrian documentary film producer, filmmaker, actor, writer and co-founder of DOX BOX International Documentary Film Festival in Syria.
Education and career.
Nyrabia graduated with a degree of acting from the Higher Institute for Dramatic Arts in Damascus, Syria. From 1997 to 2002, Nyrabia wrote regularly for Lebanese daily "As-Safir". In 2004, he starred in Yousry Nasrallah's ""The Gate of Sun"". The film, an adaptation of Elias Khoury's novel with the same name, was screened at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival. Nyrabia also worked on several feature films as a first assistant director.
Nyrabia trained as a film producer at the INA/Sorbonne in France. In 2002, he co-founded Proaction Films, the first independent film production and distribution company in Syria. He and his partner and wife, Diana El Jeiroudi, launched DOX BOX in early 2008. The international documentary film festival grew quickly into the most important documentary film gathering in the Arab World. The festival started with screenings in Damascus cinemas but from 2009 on screenings were expanded to other Syrian cities including Homs and Tartus. Along with the annual festival, many workshops and activities were offered to young Syrian filmmakers. The fifth edition of the festival, planned for March 2012, was cancelled in protest of the Syrian government's crackdown on protesters during the on-going Syrian uprising. Instead, Nyrabia advocated for Syrian documentary films to be shown in festivals around the world in what was termed the "Dox Box Global Day." The aim, according to the DOX BOX website, was to show "how poverty, oppression and isolation do not prevent humans from being spectacularly brave, stubborn and dignified." His work with DOX BOX earned him and his partner, Diana El Jeiroudi, several awards including the Katrin Cartlidge Award and the European Documentary Award in 2012.
The most significant of the films Nyrabia produced was the 2008 documentary Dolls, A Woman from Damascus, by Diana El Jeiroudi, Syrian filmmaker and Nyrabia's partner; the film was screened in over 40 countries around the world, on Television, in festivals and Art exhibitions.
In 2013, while known to be residing in Egypt., Nyrabia produced the documentary film Return to Homs, by Syrian filmmaker Talal Derki, and the film became the very first film from the Arab World to open the prestigious IDFA, in November 2013., Return To Homs won many prestigious awards including the Gran Jury Prize of 2014 Sundance Film Festival.
In 2014, he was one of the producers of the highly-acclaimef film Silvered Water, Syria Self-Portrait, directed by veteran Syrian filmmaker Ossama Mohammed in collaboration with Wiam Simav Bedirxan , premiered at the Cannes Film Festival Official Selection, and received highest critical claim by major outlets such as Le Monde and Variety.
Nyrabia served on the juries of many international film festivals and funds, including IDFA, Prince Claus Fund and Dok Leipzig among others.
Activism.
Nyrabia's role in the drafting of the Syrian filmmakers' international Call in late April 2011, which is the Syrian uprising's first public statement by a professional group, is known to be central. The call was signed by over 70 Syrian filmmakers, inviting filmmakers around the world to join in demanding democracy for Syria. Stars like Juliette Binoche, Mohsen Makhmalbaf. Mike Leigh were among more than one thousand international film professionals who joined the call.
It's been reported that Nyrabia has been one of the secret people behind Syria's most famous revolutionary organization, Local Coordination Committees in Syria, however, the details of such work are concealed by the organization, for safety reasons. Arabic media praised Nyrabia for his role in humanitarian work, mainly to displaced civilians from Homs.
It is known that Nyrabia worked closely with renowned Syrian opposition figures and activists, such as Riad Seif and Razan Zaitouneh. 
Nyrabia's father, Mouaffaq Nyrabia, is also a known political dissident, previously detained by the Syrian authorities, and currently the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces's representative to the EU.
Since Razan Zaitouneh was abducted late 2013 in Douma, near Damascus, by an unknown group of extremists, Orwa became the temporary Acting Director of the organization she founded and directed, the Violations Documentation Centre in Syria (VDC).
Detention.
Nyrabia was reportedly arrested at Damascus International Airport by Syrian authorities on 23 August 2012. His family lost contact with him shortly before he was supposed to board an EgyptAir flight to Cairo. The airline company confirmed that Nyrabia did not board their flight. He was reportedly released on 12 September.
Later on, Nyrabia announced on his personal Facebook page that the Syrian Military Intelligence was responsible for his detention, and the international filmmakers' campaign for his freedom, was an example of successful pressure on the Syrian regime, as it was the reason why he was released without charges.

</doc>
<doc id="36850635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850635" title="John Apacible">
John Apacible

Enrique Rustia Apacible III, popularly known as John Apacible (January 22, 1973 – March 20, 2011) was a Filipino television and movie actor who worked in Filipino productions.
Early life.
He was born in Cainta, Rizal on January 22, 1973.
Career.
Apacible’s last television appearance was on ABS-CBN’s “Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin” where he played a commandant of lead star Coco Martin. He became popular in the 1990s.
Death.
John Apacible died on March 20, 2011, when his uncle shot him during a drinking session.

</doc>
<doc id="36850648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850648" title="Emine Semiye Önasya">
Emine Semiye Önasya

Emine Semiye Önasya (28 March 1864-1944), mostly known as Emine Semiye and Emine Vahide, was a Turkish writer and a daughter of Ahmed Cevdet Pasha.
Early life and education.
Emine Semiye was born in Istanbul on 28 March 1866. She was the second daughter of Ahmet Cevdet Pasha and sister of Fatma Aliye. Her mother was Adviye Rabia Hanım. Emine Semiye studied psychology and sociology in France and Switzerland for seven years. She was one of the first Ottoman women educated in Europe.
Career.
Beginning in 1882, Emine Semiye worked as a Turkish and literature teacher in Istanbul and in other provinces. She served as an inspector at girls’ schools and an assistant nurse at Şişli Etfal Hospital. Her writings on politics and education were published in the newspapers such as "Mütalaa" (in Thessalonica) and "Hanımlara Mahsus Gazete" ("Newspaper for Women" in English) after the declaration of constitutional monarchy in 1908 (see Second Constitutional Era). She also wrote a math textbook entitled "Hulasa-i Ilm-i Hesap" in 1893. Her most-known novels are "Sefalet" (1908) ("Poverty") and "Gayya Kuyusu" ("The Pit of Hell"). 
Emine Semiye, together with her older sister Fatma Aliye, was a significant figure for the Ottoman women movement. She established several charity organizations to help women. She always struggled for women's rights. She became a member of the progressive Committee of Union and Progress and later, the Ottoman Democratic Party. In 1920, she was named a member of the governing board of the Turkish Press Association, which had been called the Ottoman Press Association until that year.
Personal life and death.
Emine Semiye lived for a long time in Paris. She married twice. Her first husband was Mustafa Bey. The second was Reşit Pasha. They divorced later. She had a son, Cevdet Lagaş. She died in Istanbul in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="36850690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850690" title="South Lancs/Cheshire 2">
South Lancs/Cheshire 2

South Lancs/Cheshire 2 is an English Rugby Union League. The top two clubs are promoted to South Lancs/Cheshire 1 and the bottom two clubs are relegated to South Lancs/Cheshire 3.

</doc>
<doc id="36850692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850692" title="Thessaloniki Lions RFC">
Thessaloniki Lions RFC

Thessaloniki Lions RFC is a Greek rugby club in Thessaloniki.
History.
The club was established in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850703" title="Mitro – Mitro">
Mitro – Mitro

Mitro-Mitro is an upcoming Punjabi movie starring Gurdas Maan, Jimmy Shergill, Neeru Bajwa, Honey Singh, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Mangi Mahal (making his acting debut) and Deep Dhillon. Mitro-Mitro is directed by Gurdev Rehman and produced by Anup Kumar. It is expected to appear in early 2013.
The music is by Honey Singh, Gurmeet Singh, Dr Zeus and Sachin Ahuja.

</doc>
<doc id="36850712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850712" title="Brayton railway station">
Brayton railway station

Brayton was a railway station which served as the interchange for the Solway Junction Railway (SJR) with the Maryport and Carlisle Railway (M&CR); it also served nearby Brayton Hall and district in Cumbria. The station was opened by the M&CR and became a junction station in 1870 on the 25 mile long SJR line.
History.
Brayton station was opened by the Maryport & Carlisle Railway in 1844. Originally a private station it opened to the public on 1 March 1848. At grouping in 1923 the M&CR became a part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. The main Carlisle-Maryport line (completed in 1845) remains open and forms part of the Cumbrian Coast Line between Carlisle and Barrow in Furness.
A shed opened to the east of Brayton at the 21 mile post on 13 September 1869 with two roads, sidings and a 42 ft turntable in the junction between the Solway Junction Railway and the Maryport and Carlisle Railway, used by both companies. On the north side of the station were extensive Solway Junction sidings and on the other side was a through loop that allowed shunting operations to be carried out.
The passenger service via the Solway Junction Railway was never very successful and declined to being just one carriage at the front of an occasional goods train and in September 1917 this was suspended, but was reinstated in 1920. One mid morning train used to run mixed between Kirtlebridge and Bowness, continuing as freight only to Brayton. Passenger services were finally withdrawn in 1921 and the line south of Annan over the Solway Viaduct was closed completely. The line remained open to through traffic until the 14 February 1933 and the track was lifted on the S&JR in 1937. The station closed to passengers on the Carlisle route on 5 June 1950 and to all traffic in 1965.
The station had three platforms, two through and one bay, with substantial station buildings and a signal box.
The Brayton Dominion Colliery (Pit No. 4) was located nearby with an extensive railway network.

</doc>
<doc id="36850748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850748" title="South Lancs/Cheshire 3">
South Lancs/Cheshire 3

South Lancs/Cheshire 3 is an English rugby union league. It is the basement level for club rugby union for teams in the South Lancashire, Manchester and Cheshire areas and any team from this area wanting to begin in club rugby union must join this league. Promoted teams enter South Lancs/Cheshire 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36850754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850754" title="Cobie Buter">
Cobie Buter

Jacobje Jantje "Cobie" Buter (also Coby; born 17 May 1946) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won the bronze medal in 100 m backstroke at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and finished seventh in the 4×100 m medley relay. She helped the Dutch team to set a new European record in the same event in 1968. Between 1965 and 1970 she won four national titles and set four records in the 100 m backstroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36850757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850757" title="Louis-Ulysse Chopard">
Louis-Ulysse Chopard

Louis-Ulysse Chopard (May 4, 1836 – January 30, 1915) was a Swiss watchmaker and founder of Chopard.
Louis-Ulysse Chopard was the second son of Félicien Chopard and his wife Henriette, who had four children. The father of Louis-Ulysse Chopard, Félicien, was an experienced farmer and a man of tradition who encouraged his sons to learn the watchmaking trade.
As a young man, Louis-Ulysse Chopard quickly grasped the fact that it was the comptoirs or watch dealerships that earned the greatest profit from the work of the framers. Each spring, the agents picked up the movements, fitted the dials and hands, cased up the finished movements and they marketed the finished watches. It was therefore better to work independently and Louis-Ulysse wanted his own brand. He created his L.U.C manufacturing company in Sonvilier, Switzerland at the age of 24, in 1860.
No watches were mass-produced but his clever blend of artistry and functionality soon won over a large number of customers. Having grasped that foreign markets represented the future of his timepieces, he set off to canvass customers in Eastern Europe, Russia and Scandinavia. In 1912, he visited Poland, Hungary and The Netherlands with his finest creations. Chopard chronometers and watches marked the passing of time at the court of Nicholas II of Russia. Louis-Ulysse Chopard had won himself an international clientele.
In 1859 and 1870 he had two children, Paul-Louis and Ida Hélène.

</doc>
<doc id="36850758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850758" title="Fort Ramsay">
Fort Ramsay

HMCS "Fort Ramsay" was a Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) base located at Sandy Beach on the southern shore of Gaspé Bay, several kilometres west of Gaspé, Quebec. Its construction was commissioned in 1940 and the base was inaugurated by the RCN on May 1, 1942. Several shore batteries were linked to this base, such as "Fort Prével", "Fort Haldimand" and "Fort Péninsule". On March 31, 1946, the base was decommissioned, almost a year after the Second World War ended. Today the base property is operated as the Sandy Beach Terminal of the Port of Gaspé and is primarily used for industrial and commercial purposes.
History.
The Gaspé area played a big role during the war. Gaspé Bay was strategically located near the mouth of the St. Lawrence River and was considered a very suitable place for harbouring merchant ships and allied warships, such as the British fleet for in case Great Britain would be invaded. The depth and the shape of the bay allowed for maximum accessibility and defence. This mandate was given by the Department of National Defence in early 1940 and the RCN's High Command worked on top-secret plans for procedures to defend shipping by convoy escorts in the Gulf of St. Lawrence and St. Lawrence River. Throughout the year many army, navy and air force bases were constructed along the St. Lawrence River between Gaspé and Montreal. was the first navy vessel to operate from Gaspé, starting from October 1940, but returned to Sydney, Nova Scotia () later and was replaced by . Together with the armed yachts , and , these vessels formed the extent of the RCN's fleet based at HMCS "Fort Ramsay". The base also supported other RCN warships operating in the Gulf of St. Lawrence throughout the war.
After the first sightings of German U-boats in the waters near Newfoundland and Nova Scotia in 1941, facilities at "Fort Ramsey" were augmented. This included construction of the outlying batteries along the shore around the bay as well as a submarine net. The base's inauguration ceremony was held on May 1, 1942, witnessed by a crew of thirteen officers and nearly sixty men from the 1st Battalion of Les Fusiliers du St-Laurent. On December 14, 1942, Ottawa appointed the 3rd Battalion of Les Fusiliers du St-Laurent to HMCS "Fort Ramsey", which would grew to 34 officers and 291 men at the end of that year. Construction continued until 1943 which saw around 2000 soldiers, airmen and sailors fortifying the bay.
One week after the official opening, the first U-boats were observed in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. This marked the beginning of the Battle of the St. Lawrence.
By the end of 1944 the situation in Europe had evolved to the advantage of the allies and by October 1 of that year the first shore batteries at HMCS "Fort Ramsay" began to be dismantled. On March 31, 1946, the last remaining regiment, the Gaspé-Boneventure Regiment (the 3rd Battalion of Les Fusiliers du St-Laurent having changed their name in August 1944) was officially disbanded. In total 26 ships were torpedoed by German submarines in the Battle of the St. Lawrence.
Fort Péninsule.
"Fort Péninsule" was a shore battery affiliated with HMCS "Fort Ramsay" that was located on the north shore of the bay, near the southern entrance to what is now Forillon National Park. It was equipped with four searchlights, two guns and several storage rooms. Located along the main road passing nearby "Boulevard Forillon" (Route 132) were 15 buildings to house personnel. The site is now open to the public with no entry fee. The two big guns are still displayed. According to information displayed on site this station was able to sink any ship or submarine in the bay within 15 seconds after it was spotted.

</doc>
<doc id="36850774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850774" title="Kawasaki Heavy Industries &amp; CSR Sifang C151B">
Kawasaki Heavy Industries &amp; CSR Sifang C151B

The Kawasaki Heavy Industries & CSR Sifang C151B is the fifth generation of rolling stock to be used on the existing NSEWL.
Tender progress.
In the turnkey Contract C151B, 3 tenderers were shortlisted – Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd/Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Singapore) Pte Ltd Consortium, CSR Zhuzhou/Siemens, and Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles. On 23 August 2012, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) awarded the tender to Kawasaki Heavy Industries at a price of S$281,508,884.00. Subsequently, the tender results were released to the public on 27 August 2012.
Manufacturing process.
Kawasaki will be responsible for the overall project management, design, manufacturing of bogies and procurement of major components. CSR Sifang will be in charge of manufacturing, final fitting and assembly of complete MRT trains and factory testing. Kawasaki (Singapore) will be responsible for the delivery of complete MRT trains to the depot, on-site testing and commissioning. The new MRT trains are scheduled to be delivered to Singapore between 2015 and 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="36850787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850787" title="Tim Miller (poet)">
Tim Miller (poet)

Tim Miller (born August 23, 1979) is an American poet and nonfiction writer. His work is essentially a dialogue and addition to ancient literature, world mythology, and religious scripture. Currently he is at work on a long narrative poem, "To the House of the Sun", portions of which have begun to appear online, in print, and in video form.
As Publisher.
Along with Paul Jessup, Miller founded Six Gallery Press in 2000. In 2004 they handed ownership of the press off to a collective formed by some of its other authors.
In 2006, he and his wife, the novelist Jenny Miller, started S4N Books, a publisher of long poems and reprints of literary and religious nonfiction. Their authors include the British poet and scholar, William Anderson, and the Long Island poet, Adam Penna.
Works.
"To the House of the Sun" (long poem, in progress)<br>
"Virtues" (nonfiction, in progress)<br>
"Hymns & Lamentations" (2011, poetry/prayers)<br>
"The Lit World: Poem from History" (2008, poetry)<br>
"Language of the Living" (2005, novel)<br>
"Fusion" (2003, long poem)<br>
"Songs of Innocence" (2002, poetry/prose collage, memoir)<br>
"Death by Water" (2001, novel)<br>
"The Valley of Ashes" (2000, short fiction and poetry)<br>
"Acceleration" (2000, poetry/prose collage)

</doc>
<doc id="36850808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850808" title="Jordanne Whiley">
Jordanne Whiley

Jordanne Joyce Whiley (born 11 June 1992 in Birmingham) is a wheelchair tennis player and Britain's youngest ever National women's singles champion in wheelchair tennis at the age of 14. She has Osteogenesis imperfecta as does her father, Keith, who was also a Paralympian and won a bronze medal in New York.
Junior career.
In 2006 at the age of 14 Whiley claimed her first senior main draw titles when she won the singles and doubles at the Cardiff Wheelchair Tennis tournament, she additionally won the girls title. At the end of 2006 Whiley had moved up from 112 to 48 in the rankings and had won junior titles in Poland and the Netherlands. Whiley won two awards at the British Wheelchair Tennis Association awards: Most improved female player and players' player of the year. Whiley created history in 2007 when she defeated Katharine Kruger in Tarbes. She became the first Briton to claim the Cruyff Foundation Wheelchair Juniors Masters title, Whiley also claimed the doubles title with Louise Hunt. Following on from the Masters success Whiley won her second senior title at the North West Challenge. Whiley followed this up by becoming the youngest national British Champion and winning the doubles title as well. Whiley then successfully defended her Cardiff wheelchair tennis tournament titles. In 2008 Whiley successfully defended her Masters titles; defeating Emmy Kaiser in the singles before partnering Hunt to back to back doubles titles. The following week Whiley claimed her first international title the Sion Indoor. Whiley then successfully defended both titles at the North West Challenge. She was named in the team for the 2008 Paralympic Games.
Senior career.
In 2012, she reached the finals of Women's wheelchair doubles at Wimbledon. She competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics where she shared a bronze with Lucy Shuker in Women's Doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="36850809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850809" title="Chinese fine art">
Chinese fine art

Chinese fine art was traditionally made for imperial purposes, and has a long history in China. Scholars always distinguish this from Chinese folk art, which by contrast, is different in styles and means of expression.
Calligraphy.
The Chinese imperial court collected the most valuable calligraphy pieces from skilled calligraphers in the country. Among the imperial calligraphy collection, are masterpieces deliberately made by well-known calligraphers of the time. Furthermore, because of calligraphy pieces' high artistic values, calligraphy-collection had gained its popularity among Chinese emperors of different dynasties.
Ceramics.
Chinese ceramics, whose history originates back to the pre-dynastic periods, has continuously improved since then, and it is one of the most significant forms of Chinese art.
Snuff bottle.
After opium was introduced to China, snuff bottles became popular. The Chinese royalties were addicted to it as well, and they used it as a long-life medicine. The design of the snuff bottles flourished because of the money that the rich poured into the industry. Many snuff bottles were made by talented artisans with using tiny paints brushes, and were painted from inside of the bottle reaching down from the top of narrow neck. They are highly collectible still to this day.
Lacquer.
During the Shang Dynasty (ca. 1600–1046 BCE), the sophisticated techniques used in the lacquer process were first developed and it became a highly artistic craft. Various prehistoric lacquerware have been unearthed in China dating back to the Neolithic period. The earliest extant lacquer object, a red wooden bowl, was unearthed at a Hemudu culture (ca. 5000-4500 BCE) site in China. By the Han Dynasty (206 BCE – 220 CE), many centers of lacquer production became established firmly. The knowledge of the Chinese methods focus on the lacquer process spread from China during the Han, Tang and Song Dynasties. For the World, eventually it was introduced to Korea, Japan, Southeast and South Asia.
Photography.
Photography was used soon in several cities in China after the invention of photography in 1839 and the arrival of European photographers in Macao. At first some people thought that having the camera take a picture of them would result in their spirit being taken away, but by the end of the nineteenth century all major cities had photographic studios. Some affluent Chinese people adopted photography as a hobby. Western and Chinese photographers documented ordinary street life, major wars, and prominent figures. 
The Empress Dowager Cixi had her portrait taken repeatedly.
Sculpture and carving.
In the 18th Century, a Qing dynasty covered vase depicting a woman holding a lingzhi fungus and a peony branch was created. The woman was also accompanied by a boy, a crane, and a deer as shown below.
Ivory Carving.
Ivory was not a prestigious material in the rather strict hierarchy of Chinese art, where jade had always been far more highly regarded, and rhinoceros horn, which was not ivory, had a special auspicious meaning. But ivory, as well as bone, had been used for various items since early times when China still had its own species of elephant. Demand for ivory seems to have played a large part in their extinction, which came before 100 BC. From the Ming Dynasty, ivory began to be used for small statuettes of the gods and others (see gallery). In the Qing Dynasty, it suited the growing taste for intricate carving; and became more prominently used for brush-holders, boxes, handles and similar pieces; and later, Canton developed large models of houses and other large and showy pieces, which remained popular. Enormous examples are still seen as decorative centrepieces at government receptions. Figures were typically uncoloured, or just with certain features coloured in ink which was often just black, but sometimes a few other colours.
Government seals.
Seal knob (紐刻) is an art that originated in ancient China and is mainly popular in East Asian countries. It focuses or decorates on the head-part or the top-side of a seal. It is a kind of sculpture or mini-sculpture. In China, the utmost important seal of all is the imperial seal called 'He Shi Bi', now lost, it was said that the green jade took a form of a round shape with inscriptions read "Having received the Mandate from Heaven, may (the emperor) lead a long and prosperous life." (受命於天，既壽永昌) written by the Primer Li Si for Qin Shi Huang Zhao zheng, the Augustus Emperor of The Chinese Empire.
Ruyi.
Ruyi is a scepter that serves primarily as a decoration. Its history began in the Qing Dynasty when the Ruyi scepters given to noted visitors of the emperor. Now they're given as birthday presents. It is made of different materials, including porcelain and jade. The term Ruyi means "may your wish be granted" or "as you wish". The unusual shape is meant to imitate the shape of a stemmed lotus flower.
Textile arts.
Embroidery.
Chinese embroidery is some of the oldest extant needlework. The four major regional styles of Chinese embroidery are Suzhou (Su Xiu), Hunan (Xiang Xiu), Guangdong (Yue Xiu) and Sichuan (Shu Xiu). All of them are nominated as Chinese Intangible Cultural Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="36850822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850822" title="Janez Bončina">
Janez Bončina

Janez Bončina, nicknamed Benč (born 3 December 1947) is a Slovenian composer, guitarist and singer. He is one of the leading authors and performers of Slovenian and Yugoslavian rock music. In the middle of the 1960s, Bončina with his friend Tomaž Domicelj from the group Helioni, showed his talent for music. Later with the group Mladi levi he founded the projects, which started the Slovenian pop rock scene.
Biography.
In 1970-1972, he collaborated with the international group The Generals, and in 1972 he founded the rock group Srce. With selected Yugoslavian musicians, he founded the group September in 1975. Their music consisted of jazz rock, and was recognised domestically and internationally. September used to be the ambassador of Yugoslavian rock abroad; in the years 1976-1979 they were guests in the Soviet Union, Belgium, Italy, Cuba, Germany, France and finally United States, where they recorded their second album.
In 1983 Benč returned to music scene with the solo album "Ob Šanku", which was created with the arranger Gregor Forjanič. With the group Karamela he was a guest in Italy, Germany and the Soviet Union, recordings from the tour were, later published on a live album. At this time, Pepsi Cola chose him as a Yugoslavian representative of international propaganda action, where he played along with Tina Turner in a propaganda video.
In 1988, he created a group called Yunk - Junaki nočne kronike, which with direct and critical lyrics and acclaimed performances got recognised by larger audience. After 2 successful albums he left the group.
The year 1992 was the beginning of his acoustical period and musical collaboration with Tomo Jurak and Janez Zmazek - Žan. In a short period, they had numerous concerts and received several prizes. In 1994 Benč collaborated in the group of a "magnificent 7", together with Janez Zmazek, Vlado Kreslin, Zoran Predin, Peter Lovšin, Aleksander Mežek, Tomaž Domicelj and Jani Kovačič. The acoustic period ended with "golden note" for best Slovenian rock singer in the year 1995.
In 1996 and 1997, Benč returned to his musical roots and collaborated with great instrumentalists, such as Marijan Maliković, Primož Grašič, Jadran Ogrin, Jani Hace, Blaž Jurjevčič, Ratko Divjak, Tulio Furlanič and others, with whom they had concerts in Yugoslavia and abroad.
In 1998 and 1999, he collaborated with Big Band RTV Slovenia as author and performer with their projects. After the release of the album "Bendologija" in 1999, which was awarded the Golden rooster prize, Benč and friends (including Grašič, Divjak, Rahimovski, Maliković, Ogrin) went on a concert tour, where they performed at Lent, Lignano Sabbiadoro, Pula at a bikers' festival, as well as in Ljubljana, as well as in Sarajevo at the event Live for Life, and at the new year 2000 celebration at the Zagreb club Tvornica, where they played along with Josipa Lisac, Dado Topić, Dino Dvornik and Nina Badrič.
In 2003, a new album "The Best of September" was released. For this purpose, Benč reunited the group again, along with Doblekar, Asanović, Ogrin, Maliković, Divjak and Tulio Furlanič. Concerts in Pula, Portorose and Lent reached their top in Ljubljana's Hala Tivoli together with the legendary group Deep Purple.
In 2005, Benč and arranger Braco J. Doblekar reunited together in author project "Janezz" together with young musicians, students of musical universities from home and abroad (Berklee, Linz, Graz, Rotterdam, Ljubljana, Klagenfurt) reunited for this occasion in the Big band maintained by Braco J. Doblekar.
Others talents.
Benč is not only famous as a musician, but also as a painter and sportsman, and occasional actor. In the season of 1976-1977 he performed in J. Arden's show "Živite kot svinje", directed by Zvone Šedlbauer at the theatre in Ljubljana. He later starred in a movie "Eva", directed by Franci Slak. He also wrote the music for some other movies and television projects.

</doc>
<doc id="36850847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850847" title="New Cliff House">
New Cliff House

New Cliff House, also known as the Hotel Gilmore and now known as the Sylvia Beach Hotel, was built in 1913 in Newport, Oregon as a hotel in 1913. The hotel was built for W.D. Wheeler and was promoted by the Southern Pacific Railroad in its literature advertising the connection of Yaquina Bay to the mail rail line at Corvallis. The New Cliff House replaced an earlier boarding house (The "Clff House") at the same location. The popularity of the new resort at Newport was enhanced by the availability of alcohol, something unusual in the mostly "dry" area. The hotel overlooks Nye Beach, and is the only remnant of the tourist accommodations of that era in the Nye Beach section of Newport.
Description.
As built, the New Cliff House had its kitchen and service areas in the basement, with a dining room at the end of that level overlooking the ocean. The lobby is on the main level, with some sleeping rooms. Parlor rooms and sleeping rooms occupied the second and third floors. 
The building is L-shaped with a gabled roof, measuring about by , with a by extension. It is built in wood frame and covered in wood shingles, set on a concrete and stone foundation. The elevations feature simple double-hung sash windows, regularly spaced.
The hotel is relatively unaltered, with most changes on the lower level. Individual room arrangements have been changed to provide private toilets for the rooms. A moderate proportion of the original trim remains.
Present.
New Cliff House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 6, 1986. It is operated as the Sylvia Beach Hotel, named for Sylvia Beach. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850850" title="Osnago railway station">
Osnago railway station

Osnago railway station is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Lecco–Milan railway, it serves the municipality of Osnago.
Services.
Osnago is served by the line S8 of the Milan suburban railway service, operated by the Lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36850876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850876" title="Airuno railway station">
Airuno railway station

Airuno is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Lecco–Milan railway, it serves the municipality of Airuno.
Services.
Airuno is served by the line S8 of the Milan suburban railway service, operated by the Lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36850880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850880" title="Galal Amer">
Galal Amer

Galal Amer (; 23 July 1952 – 12 February 2012) was an Egyptian journalist, well known for his sarcasm and sense of humor. He graduated from Egyptian Military Academy, and fought in several wars, such as War of Attrition and October War. He is an inspiration for many Arabian sarcastic journalists. After his death, a street was named after him in Alexandria, where he was born.
Journalism and publications.
Galal Amer studied Law and Philosophy, and used to write short stories and poems and some of them got published, he started as a journalist in Al-Kahera newspaper, and then his articles were published by several newspapers, and wrote a daily article in Al-masry Al-youm newspaper called "Takhareef", then he started to use the social networks to publish his articles and views, and got followed by hundred of thousands of admirers.
He wrote Masr Ala Kaf Afreet which got published in 2009, it discusses Egypt's biggest problems in a humorous way, and the average Egyptian troubled life. Another of his well known books is Estkalet Raees Araby which got published in 2010.
Revolution.
After the start of the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, Galal Amer was one of the people that opposed Hosni Mubarak and Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, and participated in the demonstration protests that demanded the end of military rule.
Death.
On 12 February 2012, Galal Amer had a heart attack while he was in a protest. Newspapers published that the heart attack was caused by the scene of Egyptian protesters getting attacked by thugs.
Personal life.
Galal Amer was married and had four children: Ramy, Rania, Ragy, and Reham.

</doc>
<doc id="36850882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850882" title="Widi (disambiguation)">
Widi (disambiguation)

The term "Widi" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36850895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850895" title="Denis Cheryshev">
Denis Cheryshev

Denis Dmitriyevich Cheryshev (; born 26 December 1990) is a Russian footballer who plays for Villarreal CF on loan from Real Madrid as a left winger.
Club career.
Early years.
Born in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia, Soviet Union, Cheryshev started his career at Sporting de Gijón, where his father Dmitri was playing at the time.
He soon followed him to his next club, Burgos CF, entering the team's youth system at the age of nine. During his spell, Cheryshev was selected to play for the youth levels of the Castile and León autonomous football team.
Real Madrid.
Cheryshev joined Real Madrid in 2002, going on to complete his formation with the club. Still a junior, he appeared in nine Segunda División B games with Real Madrid Castilla in the 2008–09 season.
From 2010 to 2012, also in the third level, Cheryshev played 61 matches and scored 11 goals for the B's. He was an important offensive unit as the latter campaign ended in promotion to Segunda División, after a five-year absence.
Cheryshev made his debut in division two on 17 August 2012, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–2 away loss against Villarreal CF. On 27 November he played his first official game with the first team, a 3–0 home win against CD Alcoyano for the season's Copa del Rey (7–1 on aggregate).
International career.
Even though he stated in a January 2011 interview to sports daily "Marca" that he "felt more Spanish than Russian", Cheryshev was called up to the Russian national team for the first time on 6 November 2012, for a friendly game against the United States eight days later. He made his debut in the 2–2 draw, playing the same opponent as father Dmitri 20 years earlier.
Cheryshev played his first competitive game on 14 August 2013, when he came on as a half-time substitute in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland in Belfast. However, after just five minutes on the pitch, he had to be replaced due to injury, in an eventual 0–1 loss.
Cheryshev was called up to a provisional 25-man squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup on 16 May 2014, being the only player present not playing his club football in Russia. He was, however, left out of Fabio Capello's final list.

</doc>
<doc id="36850896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850896" title="Nyasa people">
Nyasa people

The Nyasa are a people of southeastern Africa, concentrated mainly in Malawi, southwestern Tanzania and parts of northern Mozambique. The people are also known as the Kimanda, Kinyasa and Manda. Significant populations of Nyasa live along the shores of northeastern Lake Malawi.
Many Nyanja people of Malawi refers to themselves as Nyasa; as of 2010 roughly 500,000 claim to be Nyasa people.

</doc>
<doc id="36850902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850902" title="Call of the Canyon">
Call of the Canyon

Call of the Canyon is a 1942 American Western film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, the Sons of the Pioneers, and Ruth Terry. Based on a story by Maurice Rapf and Olive Cooper, the film is about a singing cowboy who leads a group of cattlemen against the corrupt agent of a large packing company looking to swindle them by undercutting the buying price for beef. The film features three songs by Autry and the Sons of the Pioneers, including the classic "Take Me Back to My Boots and Saddle".
Plot.
Singing cowboy Gene Autry (Gene Autry) and his fellow ranchers in Whippasaw are outraged to learn that the purchasing agent for the Grantley B. Johnson Packing Co., Thomas McCoy (Edmund MacDonald), is only offering them $65 per head of cattle. Unknown to the ranchers, McCoy is a gambler in debt to a bookie who sent his henchmen Horace Dunston and the Pigeon to ensure that McCoy pays up. McCoy plans to raise the money by pocketing the difference between what he is offering the ranchers and what the packing company sent him. Gene encourages the ranchers to stick together and wait while he travels to the city to speak directly with the packing company owner, Grantley B. Johnson (Thurston Hall).
Arriving at Johnson's offices, Gene meets Katherine "Kit" Carson (Ruth Terry) and her friend, Jane Oakley (Dorothea Kent), who want Johnson to sponsor them on a radio show. Kit is unimpressed with Gene's Whippasaw origins, especially after he accidentally breaks her demo record. During her meeting with Johnson, Kit notices he is still a cowboy at heart, and lies to him, saying she intends to broadcast a western show from her ranch—in Whippasaw. Johnson agrees to visit her ranch, and then leaves before Gene has a chance to see him about the cattle prices. Returning to Whippasaw, Gene learns that his sidekick, Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette), rented their ranch to Kit and her fellow entertainers. Kit's feelings for Gene warm after he rescues her from a runaway carriage.
Gene convinces the ranchers to move their cattle out of McCoy's holding pens and back to grazing land until they can find a fair price. The conniving McCoy arranges to have a pilot fly over the herd and stampede the cattle. Just arriving in Whippasaw, Johnson attempts to help round up the herds, but falls from his horse and is saved by Gene from being trampled. Believing that McCoy is taking direct orders from Johnson, Gene blames G.B. Johnson for the stampede, not realizing that the stranger he just saved is in fact Johnson. Calling himself Grantley, Johnson persuades the ranchers to fight McCoy. When Kit arrives to bring Johnson back to the ranch, she agrees to pretend he's a radio promoter named "Grantley" while he gets to the bottom of the pricing scheme. Later, after hearing Gene and his friends singing, Johnson offers them a spot on his radio show, thinking they are part of Kit's troupe.
Johnson, Gene, and Frog confront McCoy one last time about the cattle pricing, but McCoy repeats his low offer, claiming that G.B. Johnson himself is setting the price. Deciding that he and the ranchers will sell to another packing company in Cloverdale, Gene tells the others, "We're not going to play into the hands of a profiteering crook." Johnson convinces Gene and the other ranchers to transport the herds the old fashioned way, by trail drive, and not rely on G.B. Johnson's railway lines. Meanwhile, Kit and her troupe are packing to leave, convinced that Johnson is only interested in Gene. When he finds out that she's leaving, Gene persuades Kit to stay in Whippasaw and put on the radio show. That night she performs at a party and later dances with Gene.
The next day, while Gene and the ranchers are moving their herds by trail to Cloverdale, McCoy sabotages their efforts by using explosives to stampede the cattle into a train tunnel and then sending a hijacked train in to kill them. As the train approaches the tunnel, Gene jumps aboard, runs to the locomotive, and stops the train in time. During the stampede, Frog's young brother Tadpole was hurt, and one of the ranchers, Dave Crosby, was killed. Upset at Crosby's death and believing that Johnson knew what was going to happen, Kit reveals his identity to Gene, but Johnson convinces Gene that he is innocent and McCoy is acting on his own. Using a microphone set up in McCoy's office, Gene obtains evidence of McCoy's guilt, then captures him, Dunston, and the Pigeon before they can escape. Afterwards, Gene and his friends join Kit Carson's Harmony Ranch radio show.
Production.
Casting.
"Call of the Canyon" was the third and final Gene Autry film featuring the Sons of the Pioneers, preceded by "The Big Show" and "The Old Corral" (1936). The group had been making films at Columbia since 1935 and had just been signed to Republic Pictures in time for this film.
Filming and budget.
"Call of the Canyon" was filmed June 6–27, 1942. The film had an operating budget of $129,808 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $129,132.

</doc>
<doc id="36850907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850907" title="Michael Jenkins (director)">
Michael Jenkins (director)

Michael Jenkins (born 1946 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian film and television writer, director and producer.
Jenkins directed "Emerald City", a film adaptation of the David Williamson play of the same name, and the 1993 film "The Heartbreak Kid". Jenkins co-directed the 1988 television miniseries "The Dirtwater Dynasty". His other works include writing the script of the 1983 film Careful, He Might Hear You.

</doc>
<doc id="36850919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850919" title="Melisses">
Melisses

Melisses (Greek; Μέλισσες, stylized as "ΜΕΛΙSSES") is a Greek boyband that was formed in May 2008 with Chris Mastoras on lead vocals. The band has released two albums: "Mistiko" (2010) and "Akou" (2012) making also a string of single releases.
Members.
Melisses (literally The Bees in Greek) is made up of:
Career.
Melisses first became known in 2009 with their single "Krifa" (Secretly, Greek; Κρυφά) and its accompanying music video. They participated on the Greek final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 performing the song "Kinezos" (Chinese). Though they didn't win, the song became their second single and was a hit. After that came the release of their debut album "Mistiko" (Secret), which included "Krifa", "Kinezos" and 11 more songs. Three more singles were released from the album: "Epikindina Filia" (Dangerous Kisses), "Mistiko" and "Lonely Hearts". They also performed at the 2010 MAD Video Music Awards with Myronas Stratis, singing "Prin mas dei kaneis" and "Kryfa".
In 2011 Melisses appeared again at the MAD Video Music Awards 2011, this time joining the band Vegas to perform the song "Auto to kalokairi". That summer they also teamed with Ivi Adamou for the song "Krata Ta Matia Sou Klista" (Keep Your Eyes Closed), which was later included on their sophomore album, "Akou" (Listen). The album was released on early 2012 achieving Gold status. It also featured the hit singles "San Skia" (Like a Shadow), "Oti Afines Miso" (Anything That You Left Half), "Piki Piki" and "More Than That". On the summer of 2012, they toured with Helena Paparizou. They also released a brand new single "Se Thimamai" (I Remember You) featuring DUOMO.

</doc>
<doc id="36850921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850921" title="Pablo Alí">
Pablo Alí

Colonel Pablo Alí was a commander of Haitian origin, who had charge of the so-called Battalion 31 or Batallon de Morenos (Dark-skinned Battalion), freed slaves which joined the ranks of the Haitian army. Alí directed the battalion to participate in the Italian rebellion of 1810, during the government of Sánchez Ramírez. He was said to have been "most prominent, achieving great military distinction in Santo Domingo".

</doc>
<doc id="36850944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850944" title="Cape Ryty">
Cape Ryty

Cape Ryty () is a cape on the northwest coast of Lake Baikal, in the Irkutsk Oblast of Russia. The cape was named Ryty ("digged" in Russian) because of dried river horns, which form a digged image of narrow twisting ravines, pointing to Baikal. The cape is considered sacred by local indigenous population and is reverenced by Buryats and Evenks. Cape Ryty is reportedly a paranormal place, where several sightings of unidentified flying glowing balls and wandering lights of unknown nature have been reported. 
Cape Ryty entered the top five most hardly accessible and mysterious destinations, compiled by the Russian Tour Operators Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36850968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850968" title="Quini (footballer, born 1989)">
Quini (footballer, born 1989)

Joaquín José Marín Ruiz (born 24 September 1989), commonly known as Quini, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a right winger. 
Football career.
Born in Fernán Núñez, Córdoba, Quini spent his first years as a senior competing in amateur football. In the 2011–12 season he made his debuts as a professional, appearing and scoring regularly for local Lucena CF in the third division.
On 12 June 2012 Quini joined Real Madrid Castilla in the second level, penning a two-year contract. He made his league debut on 25 August, playing ten minutes in a 3–2 home win against FC Barcelona B.
On 11 June 2014, Quini signed a three-year deal with La Liga club Rayo Vallecano.

</doc>
<doc id="36850969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850969" title="Steve Wood (bishop)">
Steve Wood (bishop)

Stephen Dwain "Steve" Wood (born October 12, 1963, in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American bishop. He is currently serving as the first bishop of the Diocese of the Carolinas, a diocese of the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA), as well as rector of St. Andrew's Anglican Church in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
Early life and career.
Wood was born in Cleveland, Ohio and grew up in Wickliffe, Ohio. He received his B.A. from Cleveland State University in 1986 and his M.Div. from Virginia Theological Seminary in 1991, after which he was ordained to the priesthood of the Episcopal Church. Wood served at Episcopal churches in Ohio until being called in 2000 as rector of St. Andrew's, Mount Pleasant, which was then a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of South Carolina.
Under Wood's leadership, St. Andrews was described as "one of the Lowcountry’s biggest church success stories", growing to a membership of more than 3,000 and planting new churches in Goose Creek and downtown Charleston. In 2006, Wood was one of three finalists in the election for Bishop of South Carolina; ultimately Mark Lawrence was elected. In 2010, St. Andrew's voted by a large margin to leave the Episcopal Church and affiliate with the Anglican Church in North America.
Episcopacy.
Shortly after joining ACNA, Wood became involved with efforts to create the Diocese of the Carolinas, which was formed with 14 congregations with an average Sunday attendance of over 2,700. He served as vicar general of the diocese while in formation and, in 2012, he was elected to serve as its first bishop. Wood was consecrated on August 25, 2012, at St. Andrew's by Archbishop Robert Duncan. Co-consecrators included Archbishop-elect Stanley Ntagali of Uganda and Bishops Roger Ames, John Guernsey, and Alphonza Gadsden.

</doc>
<doc id="36851027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851027" title="2012 Indian Federation Cup Qualifiers">
2012 Indian Federation Cup Qualifiers

This article details the 2012 Indian Federation Cup Qualifiers.
Format.
The qualifiers will start from 11 September to 16 September 2012 and will consist of 6 teams, 5 of which played in the 2012 I-League 2nd Division Final Round and the other one being HAL Sporting Club who were relegated from the 2011–12 I-League season. All 6 teams are divided into two groups of 3. The top team from each group moves on to the Cup proper.

</doc>
<doc id="36851062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851062" title="Titus Flavius Postumius Varus">
Titus Flavius Postumius Varus

Titus Flavius Postumius Varus (fl. 3rd century) was a Roman senator who was appointed suffect consul around AD 250.
Biography.
Postumius Varus was a member of the third century "gens Postumii", which was not descended from the Republican family of the same name. His first recorded posting was as "Legatus legionis" of the Legio II Augusta, posted in Roman Britain sometime during the AD 240s. During his time there, he restored a temple of Diana at Isca Augusta. This was followed by his appointment as suffect consul around AD 250.
In 271 the emperor Aurelian appointed him to the post of "Praefectus urbi" of Rome. He was put under pressure when riots erupted in the city, and had to rally the urban cohorts to defend Aurelian’s rule while the emperor was campaigning against the Alamanni. His handling of the riots may have led to his dismissal from the post.
During his career, Postumius Varus held two priesthoods, an Augur and a member of the "Quindecimviri sacris faciundis". He was also noted as an orator.

</doc>
<doc id="36851077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851077" title="Timeline of Somerville, Massachusetts">
Timeline of Somerville, Massachusetts

The following is a timeline of the history of Somerville, Massachusetts, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36851105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851105" title="Pilar Mendiola Fernández">
Pilar Mendiola Fernández

Pilar Mendiola Fernández (born 1971) is a leading expert in the fields of experiential education and development of advanced leadership training. For seventeen years she has developed an expertise in designing educational programs for young leaders from across the world. Pilar serves as Senior Vice President for Advanced Leadership Programs and Chief International Officer of The Washington Center (TWC).
In 2011 she was named among the Nation’s Top Women Mentoring Leaders by the WOW Magazine, sharing the honor with Michelle Obama and Sonia Sotomayor, among others.
Biography.
Pilar Mendiola Fernández was born in Xalapa, the State capital of Veracruz, Mexico in 1971. She graduated with honors from UDLA (the University of the Americas) in Puebla, Mexico. Her area of expertise is Educational Communication. Her thesis on educational communication won an honorable mention.
She is a writer; her Spanish-language short stories “Zapatos de nube” (Shoes made out of clouds) are meant to empower people by sharing personal experiences.
Career.
Pilar Mendiola Fernández is a leading expert in the fields of experiential education and development of advanced leadership training. She has gathered seventeen years of experience in designing educational programs for young leaders from across the world. Pilar serves as Senior Vice President for Advanced Leadership Programs and Chief International Officer of The Washington Center (TWC). The Washington Center was founded on the belief that the right experience can transform student’s lives, -setting them on a course of achievement, leadership and civic/social responsibility. In 1996, The Office of International and Advanced Leadership Programs was created under Pilar’s leadership. The office advances TWC’s mission by providing international students and high profile officials from around the world with educational, social and cultural opportunities to develop the global skills needed to contribute to their local, state, national and international community, thus preparing them for responsible leadership. More than 3,700 international high potential students, young professionals and high profile officials from 107 countries have participated in the international programs.
Pilar Mendiola Fernández is also responsible for forging ties with international organizations based both around the world and in Washington, D.C. Pilar created a new division within TWC to bring young international leaders from around the world to Washington, D.C. for training that combines theoretical and experiential components with integrating leadership and public management practices in an internship experience.
She designs and implements several highly competitive leadership-training programs for the most outstanding young professionals with the objective of providing them with new tools and skills that will empower them to become better leaders through experiential and transformational learning. She strongly believes that responsible leadership is based on civic and ethical standards that will foster economic and social development. Under Pilar’s leadership more than 25 TWC groundbreaking international programs have been implemented, Today The Washington Center has worked with more than forty-eight (48) countries from around the world to bring international students and high profile public servants (such as secretaries of state and governors) to TWC for advanced leadership seminars and professional training programs.
Some of the prestigious internationally tailored programs and initiatives of The Washington Center are The NAFTA Leaders Internship Program, The Governors Internship Program, The Bush, Mulroney and Salinas Fellowship Program, The Miguel Aleman Regional Development Initiative, The GE Latin American Leaders, The US-China Bilateral Trade Internship Program, The Global Citizens Program for Students in Asia and The US- Panama Innovation and Competitiveness Initiative among many more.
Countries that have benefitted from the international initiatives for work force development and human capital are Mexico, Canada, South Korea, China, Brazil, Russia, Singapore, Vietnam, India, Taiwan, Panama, Albania, South Africa, Belgium and Japan.
Honors.
Pilar Mendiola Fernández received an award in 2007 by the US-Mexico Chamber of Commerce for her outstanding contribution to US-Mexico bilateral relations through Educational Programs.
In 2011 she was named among the Nation’s Top Women Mentoring Leaders Leaders by the WOW Magazine, sharing the honor with Michelle Obama and Sonia Sotomayor, among others.
Pilar Mendiola Fernandez was honored at the 2011 Global Women Mentoring and Philanthropy Summit for her contributions to the next generations of leaders as a Mentor in Atlanta, Georgia.
Another groundbreaking accomplishment under Pilar’s leadership was that The Government of Veracruz and The Washington Center donated an Olmec Head to the Smithsonian Institute in 2004. The Olmec Head is located in Constitution Avenue in front of the Museum of Natural History, bearing testimony to the friendship between the United States and Mexico.
Keynote Speeches.
“La industria generadora de Capital Humano:” The Industry that generates Human Capital at the Foro de Vinculación Empresarial (Forum for Business Ties) in 2011, organized by CONALEP (National College for Professional Technical Education), in Tijuana, Mexico.
Honoree and Speaker.
“Fostering Partnerships for life” 2011 Global Women Mentoring and Philanthropy Summit

</doc>
<doc id="36851108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851108" title="Eloyi people">
Eloyi people

The Eloyi (also called Afao, Afo, Afu, Aho, Epe, Keffi) are an ethnic group of southwestern Nigeria.
About 100,000 people identify themselves as Eloyi. They are related to the Idoma ethnic group.
Language.
As of 2000, about 25,000 people in the Awe and Nasarawa Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Nasarawa State and the Otukpo LGA of Benue State were reported to speak the Eloyi language, in the Idomoid branch of the Benue-Congo group.
Many use Hausa as their second or primary language. 
History.
Traditionally, most of the Eloyi lived in a range of rocky hills in what today is Nasarawa State.
They revolted against the British in 1918 and were forced to leave their homeland. 
Today they are scattered in different parts of Nasarawa and Benue states, although some have moved back to the original hills. 
The British divided the Eloyi into ten village areas in 1932, appointing a head for each village, but these village heads were not recognized by the Eloyi.
Society.
The Eloyi are one of the more economically advanced of the Benue Valley tribes. In the hills they grow guinea corn, cotton, yams, and tobacco.
They practice in weaving and dying, producing cloth that is much in demand and can be traded.
The Eloyi villages in the hills are made up of round huts with conical thatched roofs grouped around a central courtyard.
In the plains the Eloyi are mostly farmers, selling dried fish and palm oil for cash.
The plains Eloyi build large houses within compounds and fortify their villages.
Organization and beliefs.
The village is the largest political unit, independent of its neighbors. A chief is assisted by a council of elders in administering the village and resolving disputes.
The "gado" is the father of the village, the authority on customs and law, in charge of planting and harvest rites.
Most Eloyi practice their traditional beliefs, which center on the god Owo, who is symbolized by a white silk cotton tree or a fig tree.
They worship their ancestors, whose spirits are thought to live on and to require food and care.
Religious rites include masked impersonation of ancestors, witchcraft, magic, and divination with strings.
A small number of Eloyi have adopted the Muslim religion.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36851133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851133" title="Cavin Soh">
Cavin Soh

Cavin Soh () is a Singaporean actor, host, singer and radio DJ.
Career.
Soh used to be a lead singer in the band Dreamz FM (梦飞船) and a radio deejay on MediaCorp's Chinese language station Y.E.S. 93.3FM before switching to television and acting. In 2005, he won the Best Supporting Actor award for his portrayal of Zhou Daqiu, the antagonist, in "Portrait of Home". The character was also voted the Top 10 Most Memorable Villains at the Star Awards 2007 anniversary special. 
Besides acting in dramas, he still juggles his musical interests with television commitments. He has written and performed the theme songs of a number of drama series and was a judge on "SuperBand" and "Campus SuperStar".
Personal life.
Soh was educated at Maris Stella High School (Primary and Secondary) and studied engineering at university. He married Serena Yeo in December 2009 and they have a son Kayden (born 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="36851136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851136" title="Panithuli">
Panithuli

Panithuli (English: "Dew Drops") is a 2012 Tamil action film directed by Natty Kumar and Dr. Jay, starring Ganesh Venkatraman, Kalpana Pandit and Shobana. The film was released on 10 August 2012. It received a lot of negative reviews. The film was shot in Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="36851143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851143" title="Raúl de Tomás">
Raúl de Tomás

Raúl de Tomás Gómez (born 17 October 1994 in Madrid) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward. He currently plays for Real Madrid Castilla. He is known for his speed, goals and free kicks. In the season 2011-12, Raúl de Tomás scored 31 times for the Juvenil A.
Real Madrid Castilla.
In 2012, following his successful season in youth team, De Tomas made his debut in the Segunda Division with Real Madrid Castilla's clash against Villarreal CF.
At the same time,he has played some matches for Real Madrid C in Segunda Division B and Real Madrid's Juvenil team in this season's División de Honor scoring 12 goals.
Personal life.
His mother is from the Dominican Republic.
Career statistics.
"(Last edit: 5 December 2013)"

</doc>
<doc id="36851150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851150" title="Centric heterochromatin">
Centric heterochromatin

Centric Heterochromatin is a tightly packed form of DNA, a variety of Heterochromatin. Centric Heterochromatin is a constituent in the formation of active centromeres in most higher order organisms; the domain exists on both mitotic and interphase chromosomes. 
Centric Heterochromatin is usually formed on alpha satellite DNA in humans however there have been cases where Centric Heterochromatin and centromeres have formed on originally euchromatin domains lacking alpha satellite DNA; this usually happens as a result of a chromosome breakage event and the formed centromere is named a neocentromere
Centric heterochromatin domains are flanked by pericentric heterochromatin.

</doc>
<doc id="36851166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851166" title="Goodyear Dunlop Sava Tires">
Goodyear Dunlop Sava Tires

Goodyear Dunlop Sava Tires is a subsidiary of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. It is located in Kranj, Slovenia. The company was formed in 1998 under the name of "Sava Tires" d.o.o., although the tire industry on this location has started already in 1920. 
It employs over 1,400 people. It is one of the biggest and most successful Slovenian companies. Since 2006, the company is part of Goodyear Dunlop Central & South-East Europe organisation, the headquarters of which is also located in Kranj. 

</doc>
<doc id="36851171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851171" title="Zezé Motta">
Zezé Motta

Maria José Motta de Oliveira, known as Zezé Motta (born June 27, 1944) is a Brazilian actress and singer of African descent, considered one of the most important black actresses in Brazil.
Life and career.
Born in Campos dos Goytacazes, she moved with her family to Rio de Janeiro at the age of two. She attended the school of Tablado Theatre and began her acting career in 1966, starring in the play "Roda-viva", by Chico Buarque. Other plays she worked in include "Arena Conta Zumbi" (1969), "Orfeu Negro" (1972), and "Godspell" (1974) She began her singing career in 1971 in the nightclubs of São Paulo. Between 1975 and 1979, she released three LPs, and a further three albums in the 1980s. In 1976 she starred in the film "Xica da Silva". Over the decades she has acted in some of the most popular television soap operas and series.

</doc>
<doc id="36851203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851203" title="Jorge Casado">
Jorge Casado

Jorge Casado Rodríguez (born 26 June 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis as a left defender.
Football career.
Born in Madrid, Casado joined local Rayo Vallecano's youth system at the age of 11, going on to appear for every youth squad at the club. He made his senior debuts with the reserves, playing two full seasons in Tercera División.
In the 2010 summer Casado signed with neighbouring Real Madrid, being assigned to the B-team in Segunda División B. He represented the side in both that category and Segunda División – almost always as a starter – first appearing in the latter competition in 2012–13.
Casado made his official debut with the "Merengues"'s main squad on 20 December 2011, playing 70 minutes in a 5–1 home win against SD Ponferradina for the campaign's Copa del Rey (7–1 on aggregate).

</doc>
<doc id="36851205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851205" title="Doctor Browning">
Doctor Browning

Doctor Shirley Paul Browning is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Joseph Thompson. He made his debut screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 23 January 2012 and was introduced by Emma Smithwick. Browning was introduced as part of a storyline featuring Mercedes McQueen (Jennifer Metcalfe) in which he "shows her the benefits of 'selling her services'". Browning and Mercedes later begin a relationship, which Smithwick called a "union of the dark soul mates". Thompson said that Browning and Mercedes "are excited by how dangerous the other is" and are "kindred spirits" who have an "undeniable connection between them". When Lynsey Nolan (Karen Hassan) is murdered in a whodunit plot Browning becomes a suspect before it is later revealed he had killed Lynsey. Browning is described as having an "incredible capacity for Sleaze" and as someone who "needs to be in control and is not afraid to use underhand tactics".
Thompson was nominated in the "Newcomer" category at the 2013 National Television Awards. Laura Morgan of "All About Soap" felt that Browning was an "obvious suspect" in the investigation for Lynsey's murder although "Inside Soap" journalist Sarah was shocked at the revelation of Browning as Lynsey's killer, saying she had overlooked him as a suspect. Anthony D. Langford from AfterElton hoped that the character would not be revealed to be Lynsey's killer due to his enjoyment of Browning's relationship with Mercedes and their "blistering chemistry". Thompson's departure was announced on 9 August 2013 and the character left on 16 October 2013 after being killed off as part of the show's 18th anniversary.
Casting and creation.
On 19 December 2011, Digital Spy announced the introduction of the character saying that a "charming doctor arrives on the scene" during a new storyline featuring Mercedes McQueen (Jennifer Metcalfe). It was later announced that Browning would return with Mercedes to be "heading back into the arms of sleazy Doctor Browning again".
Development.
Characterisation.
The official "Hollyoaks" website describes Browning as being "affectionately known as 'Doctor Sleaze'", explaining that he has an "incredible capacity for Sleaze". They add that the character's "driving motivation is his obsession with Mercedes. He's a man who needs to be in control and is not afraid to use underhand tactics to assert his power over the situation". Jaci Stephen of the "Daily Mail" called him a "caring doctor" but later dubbed the character "Doctor Dubious". Browning has also been labelled a "grade A nutcase", a "slimy charmer", "devious", "shady" "creepy", "sleazy", "twisted", "scheming" and "hunky".
Relationship with Mercedes McQueen.
On 19 December 2011, Digital Spy announced that after a difficult year for Mercedes a "charming doctor" arrives and "shows her the benefits of 'selling her services'" which leads her down a "dark path". Metcalfe explained that when Mercedes learns that Silas Blissett (Jeff Rawle) will not face trial she goes in to "self destruct mode" and contacts Browning for sex once again. Mercedes does not take money from Browning for sex this time although she "hates herself" for it. Metcalfe told Katy Moon from "Inside Soap" that their night together makes her character "feel awful but she's looking for any distraction, any way to escape her demons". Metcalfe told a journalist from The Sun's magazine "TV Buzz" that Mercedes believes Browning "will help her move on" from her ordeal. Hassan told Dominique Marjoram from "OK!" that she enjoyed the storyline in which Browning "took advantage" of Lynsey and Mercedes. Metcalfe said that she and Thompson "loved" the episodic block which established escorting because it was "brilliant to film". She branded Thompson a "really good addition" to the cast and revealed that he had returned for a longer second stint, which sees Browning "stir things up".
"Hollyoaks" producer Emma Smithwick said that she was initially nervous about the "union of the dark soul mates, Mercy and Browning, but their chemistry is so watchable - that story is pretty dark". Mercedes begins to "fall for the charms" of Browning, believing she has "landed on her feet" when he invites her to a charity ball. Metcalfe commented that Mercedes begins to think he could provide her with the WAG life style she has always wanted. She added that Mercedes still wants Riley but she "craves a bit of danger". Thompson also commented on this, saying Browning offers an "exciting alternative" for Merceds compared to Riley. On the relationship Thompson said: "He knows what makes her tick, and the two of them are excited by how dangerous the other is". He went on to explain that Browning initially agreed to pretend to be in a relationship with Mercedes to help make Riley jealous but "he's fallen for her and will do whatever it takes to be with her. He thinks if he spends enough time with Mercy, he'll win her around". When Browning sees Riley kiss Mercedes "it becomes a question of how much he can take" and he decides he must "make a quick move" to prevent them reuniting. He takes Mercedes to a shooting range, Thompson explained that there she "realises there's an undeniable connection between them". He added that the couple are "kindred spirits" and Mercedes spending time with him will make her rethink their relationship. To dissuade Riley from reuniting with Mercedes Browning gets Riley intoxicated and then warns him off of Mercedes. Thompson said that "it seemed to be written in the stars that Mercedes and Riley will get back together - but Dr Browning won't let that happen". Thompson claimed that due to Browning having incriminating evidence on Mercedes he has "real power, she thinks she's in control, but she might just be underestimating Dr Browning..."
Lynsey is found dead by Brendan Brady (Emmett J. Scanlan). Her death sparks a "whodunit storyline" as a "number of suspects had a motive for wanting to get rid of her". A promotional image revealed six suspects for the murder which did not include Browning. Daniel Kilkelly of Digital Spy said that although Browning is not an official suspect fans of the serial had speculated that Browning could be Lynsey's murderer due to his issues with Lynsey. A series of interactive videos released by the official "Hollyoaks" website later listed Browning as one of seven "main suspects" for the murder, with viewers able to interrogate the suspects. On 17 August 2012 during E4's first look episode it was revealed Browning had killed Lynsey when Jacqui McQueen (Claire Cooper) finds the murder weapon, Lynsey's scarf, amongst Browning's possessions. "Hollyoaks" official website said Browning's motives in killing Lynsey were "presumably to protect Mercedes". The aftermath of Jacqui's discovery, including Browning's explanation of his motives and kidnapping of Mercedes, boosted "Hollyoaks" ratings.
Mercedes reunites with Riley who cheats on her with Mitzeee, leading to Mercedes kidnapping her and Riley's son in revenge. Mercedes is arrested and shortly after Riley is shot dead. At her trial Browning is called forward as a witness when her lawyer Jim McGinn (Dan Tetsell) blames Riley for Mercedes' actions, claiming he abused her so she prevented Riley from seeing their son to protect him. Browning arrives for the trial where he claims Riley was also responsible for killing Lynsey. Metcalfe revealed that Mercedes is shocked when she sees Browning again as she does not know how she will react until she sees him which takes both of them "back in that moment when he was dragged away from her. She really did fall for him hook, line and sinker". The actress opined that Browning is her character's soul mate as he "gives as good as he gets" which is "really good" for Mercedes.
Departure.
On 9 August 2013, Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy confirmed that Thompson had left "Hollyoaks". The actor would soon film his final scenes and his character will make his on-screen departure in the Autumn. Kilkelly stated "Digital Spy understands that it was always the plan for Browning to bow out in the latter half of this year, as Thompson is keen to explore other acting opportunities." Browning's exit storyline is being kept secret.
Storylines.
Browning pays Mercedes for sex and asks to keep seeing her and gives her more money. When Lynsey resuscitates a DNR patient; Browning tells her that the department are investigating the incident, he admits he forgot to write the patient's DNR request on their notes. He threatens to report Lynsey and Mercedes tries to convince him not to. Mercedes discovers Browning is married and threatens to tell his wife of their relationship if Browning reports Lynsey for resuscitating the DNR patient. He later promises not to report Lynsey who is later given her job back as a nurse. Mercedes later calls Dr Browning and arranges a meeting. She sleeps with him again for money and the next day he goads Lynsey about it. She warns him to stay away from her because Mercedes is not well and accuses him of taking advangtage. He later treats Carmel McQueen (Gemma Merna) for her burn injuries and catches Lynsey attempting to view Walker's (Neil Newbon) medical records.
After discharging Mercedes from hospital, Lynsey is found dead and Browning confirms her time of death. He forges Mercedes' discharge papers so it appears as though she left hospital after Lynsey's murder. He moves into the flat next door to Riley Costello (Rob Norbury) to be closer to Mercedes. He blackmails Mercedes with the papers and tells her that she can make Riley jealous if they pretend to be in a relationship. His wife, Helen Browning visits Mercedes and warns her that Browning will ruin her life. She has a black eye and Mercedes uses this to give Riley the impression that Browning has been hitting her. He tells Riley that Mercedes is lying and she leaves him. Browning finds Mercedes and they share their secrets about bad deeds. He tells her that he loves her no matter what she has done and they become closer. Jacqui McQueen (Claire Cooper) discovers Lynsey's scarf in his office desk and assumes that he is the killer. It is later revealed that Browning went to threaten Lynsey into keeping quiet about Mercedes stalking Mitzeee. They argued and he strangled her, not knowing that Walker was watching. When Mercedes finds out the truth, Browning kidnaps her and drives off. He suggests that they go abroad and Mercedes agrees, but the police arrive and arrest him. At the trial for Lynsey's murder Browning pleads not guilty and is later acquitted when he blames Riley for Lynsey's murder, after Riley's death. Browning surprises Mercedes on Christmas Eve and spends Christmas with Mercedes' family. Mercedes is thrown out by her family and Browning proposes marriage to her which she accepts. When Mercedes' mother, Myra McQueen (Nicole Barber-Lane) begins feeling ill, Browning suggests she come and see him at the hospital as she may have a serious illness. He carries out some scans on her and switches her results with another patient so it appears as if she has cancer. Browning suggests that Myra may not have long to live so should remain close to her family and make up with Mercedes.
When he tells Myra that she's not going to die, Jim McGinn a lawyer, suggests that Myra could sue and get a lot of money. When Browning hears this he asks his boss if he'd make sure he didn't get fired in exchange for anything. His boss, Davies, says that he'll make sure nothing happens to Browning in exchange for one night with Mercedes. Browning says that that was a ridiculous idea, but when Mercedes finds out, she tells Browning that she'll do it, but then stop dating Browning.
When Mercedes goes, she decides to video everything that happens, but Davies finds out and proceeds to try and rape Mercedes. Browning saves the day and Browning the pair go off to marry in Las Vegas. Browning returns weeks later and tells Myra that Mercedes has gone missing. The two tested each other whilst in Vegas by flirting with other people but never actually going through with anything. Browning states that his flirting with a woman in a red dress caused friction and that himself and Mercedes had gotten into a fight. The woman shows up in Hollyoaks revealling herself to the audience as evil Clare Devine who met Browning under the identity of "Cassandra". It is shown that Clare has kidnapped Mercedes and plans to use her to extort money from Browning. Clare attempts to convince Browning to buy Chez Chez with her after the departure of both Brendan Brady and Cheryl Brady. Clare admits her true identity to Browning who is suspicious of her, ripping up the deed to the club after she pretended the two had had sex. It is then revealled that Clare and Mercedes are working together in an attempt to each get what they want: Clare wants money and Mercedes wants to see how far Browning will go to get her back.
Reception.
For his role as Browning, Joseph Thompson was nominated in the "Newcomer" category at the 2013 National Television Awards. Jaci Stephen of the "Daily Mail" pondered whether "Dr Browning ever do a full day’s work of, well, doctoring? While the rest of the NHS claims to be underpaid and overworked, Dr Browning is having a breeze. If ever he has the incentive to write a prescription, please put out the bunting". Stephen's colleague, Claudia Connel felt that soap operas could help give David Cameron ideas to improve the NHS, noting that "Dr Browning in Hollyoaks is even good enough to leave his office unlocked so patients can help themselves to whatever they fancy. Drugs? A butcher’s at someone else’s medical notes? Fill your boots".
Laura Morgan of "All About Soap" felt that Browning is "dodgy" and that he is a "fairly obvious suspect" in the investigation for Lynsey's murder. She added that Browning "might not be a murderer, but you can't deny there's something not right about the preying practitioner". Morgan explained that Browning has a hold over Mercedes due to him having proof Mercedes was in the village when Lynsey was killed although she though that Browning "could he be trying to cover his own tracks by shifting the blame onto someone else". Morgan went on to say that after Browning sees through Mercedes scheme to solve the problem, "the devilish doc advised Mercedes she was better to keep him on side [...] we’re going to see a lot more of Dr Browning in the next few weeks. There’s going to be some interesting clues about his past, but will any of these lead us to be convinced he’s a cold-blooded killer?" Morgan's "All About Soap" colleague Carena Crowford felt that was "something suspect" about Browning. She said Silas was left alone with "the dodgy doc, and the next thing they knew the old man had knocked Browning out, stolen his shoes and run away. Come on, are we really expected to believe Silas could take out young, strong Dr B alone? Or is this evidence they’re working together...?" After it was revealed Browning killed Lynsey, Morgan said she "had the dastardly doc's card marked from day one, but have to admit that tonight's big reveal has left us a bit cold". She said that the murder was "a crime of passion, but there’s no way Mercy is worth killing for. [...] Disappointingly, it also transpired that Dr Browning has zilch to do with Silas's epic return. It was a mere coincidence that the medical man was caught up in the serial killer’s escape from hospital. We think it could have made a brilliant twist if Silas had been schooling Dr B, and getting him to carry on his work while he was behind bars".
"Inside Soap" journalist Sarah commented Lynsey's killer is revealed to be "none other than dodgy Dr Browning! Who saw that one coming?" She went on to add that her colleague had guessed the "menacing medic" to be responsible for the "despicable act" but because Browning was not one of the original suspects listed she had overlooked him as a suspect. Anthony D. Langford from AfterElton praised Browning's relationship with Mercedes, saying he is "loving the dysfunctional affair between Mercedes and the bad Dr. Browning. Their scenes are hot and they are so suited for each other. The games they play with each other are a hoot. I pray he's not Lynsey's killer". Upon the reveal of Browning as Lynsey's killer, Langford said he had predicted Browning as the killer but that he "hated that it turned out I was right". He went on to comment that it had previously "mattered little" to him that Browning could be responsible for the murder "but over the past several weeks, much has changed. The more I got to see the good doctor and his blistering chemistry with Mercedes, the more I liked him. Yes, the doctor is a bit twisted and a bad boy, but he was perfect for a twisted girl like Mercedes. I loved their scenes — they were hot, hot, hot. I really thought they made a delicious and fun couple. But now it’s all ruined with Browning being a killer".

</doc>
<doc id="36851211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851211" title="Cowboy Poems Free">
Cowboy Poems Free

Cowboy Poems Free is an album by progressive rock band Echolyn.

</doc>
<doc id="36851217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851217" title="Yamanlar, İzmir">
Yamanlar, İzmir

Yamanlar is a village in Karşıyaka district of İzmir Province, Turkey. (Karşıyaka is an intracity district of İzmir.) Yamanlar is situated to the north of İzmir and to the south of the mountain with the same name at . Distance to Karşıyaka is . The population of the village is 135 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36851218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851218" title="2012–13 RIT Tigers women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 RIT Tigers women's ice hockey season

The RIT Tigers represented the Rochester Institute of Technology in CHA women's ice hockey. The Tigers are participating at the NCAA Division I level for the first time in school history. Their first two games as a Division I program will be contested against CHA opponent Mercyhurst. Ritter Arena will host the games on September 28 and 29. 

</doc>
<doc id="36851223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851223" title="Pedro de Peralta">
Pedro de Peralta

Pedro de Peralta (c. 1584 – 1666) was Governor of New Mexico between 1610 and 1613 at a time when it was a province of New Spain.
He formally founded the city of Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1610. In August 1613 he was arrested and jailed for almost a year by the Franciscan friar Isidro Ordóñez. Later, he was vindicated by the Mexican Inquisition and held a number of other senior posts in the Spanish imperial administration.
Background.
The settlement of New Mexico began when Juan de Oñate led a group of colonizers into the territory in 1598, serving as governor from 1601 until 1609.
By 1608, there were only 200 Spanish people, almost all in the capital of San Gabriel on the west bank of the Rio Grande opposite San Juan Pueblo.
No gold or silver had been found and the viceroy was receiving reports of mistreatment of the Indians and of near-starvation of the settlers. Due to these problems, on 13 September 1608 the Council of the Indies made a formal recommendation that New Mexico be abandoned. However, soon afterwards, Fray Lázaro Jiménez brought news from New Mexico that 7,000 Indians had been converted and baptized. They could not be abandoned, so King Philip III of Spain suspended the order to evacuate the colony.
Governor of New Mexico.
According to one source, Don Pedro de Peralta was a bachelor of canon law. A report of possessions found in his house after his arrest includes a law book.
Peralto was appointed governor of New Mexico by the Viceroy, Luis de Velasco, marqués de Salinas on 31 March 1609, shortly after Peralta had arrived from Spain.
Juan de Oñate had asked Velasco for compensation for his efforts in New Mexico, and asked that his son Christóbal be allowed to succeed him. Valasco replied that he had named Peralta as governor, and that Onate should hand over to him when he arrived at the Rio Grande and should then return with his son to Mexico City without delay. 
An expedition with supplies and reinforcements left for the north late in 1609.
Peralta reached the capital, La Villa de San Gabriel, early in 1610. 
He was met by Oñate, who left for the south in early February to face charges of maladministration.
Peralta brought twelve soldiers and eight Franciscan priests with him.
His instructions included searching for the Straits of Anián, on which he should establish a secure port.
San Gabriel was remote from the main Pueblo Indian population centers. 
Juan de Oñate had planned to move the capital south to the Santa Fe River valley.
Peralta selected a defensible site with ample available land and a good water supply for the town, which he called Santa Fe.
He and his surveyor laid out the town, including the districts, house and garden plots and the Santa Fe Plaza for the government buildings.
These included the governor's headquarters, government offices, a jail, arsenal and a chapel. 
On completion, the plaza could hold "1,000 people, 5000 head of sheep, 400 head of horses, and 300 head of cattle without crowding."
The palace was built for defense with three-foot-thick adobe walls.
The Palace of the Governors is now the oldest continuously occupied building in the United States, and as of 1999 housed the Museum of New Mexico.
The church assumed that the main objective in New Mexico was to convert the Indians, and the civil power existed only in order to provide protection and to support this goal. As chief magistrate and head of the army, the governor had equal powers but different objectives, so clashes were inevitable.
The church argued that the friars had a duty to protect the Indians from abuses by the military and civilians. 
Perhaps to weaken the church position, Peralta issued strict regulations that imposed imprisonment for ten days by the civil authority for any Spaniard found guilty of abusing an Indian worker. A fine was also payable to the victim. This resulted in some incidents where Pueblos deliberately provoked violence in order to earn the fine.
Fray Isidro de Ordóñez, who had twice before been in New Mexico, arrived with the supply train in 1612 as the leader of nine Franciscan friars. When he reached the southernmost mission at Sandia Pueblo, he produced a document that apparently made him Father Commissary, or head of the church in New Mexico, although later the document was said to be a forgery. In Santa Fe, despite Peralta's protests, Ordóñez proclaimed that any soldier or colonist could leave if they wanted to. Ordóñez also accused Peralta of underfeeding the natives who were working on the construction of Santa Fe. The struggle for power intensified, and in May 1613 Ordonez excommunicated Peralta, 
posting a notice announcing this on the doors of the Santa Fe church.
On 12 August 1613 Ordóñez and his followers arrested Peralta and had him chained and imprisoned in the mission of Neustra Senora de los Dolores (Our Lady of Sorrows) at Sandia. 
His jailer was Fray Esteban de Perea, who disapproved but obeyed.
Ordóñez assumed full civil as well as religious power in New Mexico until a new temporal governor, don Bernardino de Ceballos, arrived in New Mexico in the spring of 1614. 
Peralta was not allowed to leave until November 1614, after Ordóñez and the new governor had taken most of his possessions.
This was the start of long-running disputes between the friars and the secular administration,
which later became so violent that in 1620 the King himself had to intervene, taking the side of his governors.
Later career.
Peralta returned to Mexico City and told his version of the dispute with Ordóñez.
The Mexican Inquisition eventually ordered Ordóñez to return to Mexico City, and reprimanded him.
Peralta was vindicated. 
Shortly afterwards, he was appointed "alcalde mayor" of the port of Acapulco.
Peralta moved to Caracas, in what is now Venezuela, where he served as an official in the royal treasury in the 1640s and early 1650s.
Pedro de Peralta died in 1666.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36851229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851229" title="Harvest Time">
Harvest Time

Harvest Time (, translit. Vremya zhatvy) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Marina Razbezhkina. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36851249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851249" title="1677 in Ireland">
1677 in Ireland

Events from the year 1677 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36851268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851268" title="New Brunswick Route 570">
New Brunswick Route 570

Route 570 is a long north-south secondary highway in the western portion of New Brunswick, Canada. 
The route starts at Route 107 in Gordonsville. The road travels south through a mostly forested area through South Gordonsville and Mt Pleasant. It then briefly turns east and crosses the Cold Stream just before entering Jericho. The road then turns south again in Bannon before ending at Route 104 on the Becaguimec Stream east of Bubartown near Coldstream.

</doc>
<doc id="36851277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851277" title="Northern Mariana Islands Constitutional Convention referendum, 1983">
Northern Mariana Islands Constitutional Convention referendum, 1983

A referendum on holding a Constitutional Convention was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 5 November 1983. The proposal was approved by voters. A subsequent 44-part referendum on constitutional amendments was held in 1985.
Background.
The referendum was held in accordance with Chapter XVIII, article 2 of the constitution, which stated that there must be a referendum on calling a Constitutional Convention every ten years. Voters were asked the question "Shall there be a constitutional convention to propose amendments to the Constitution?"

</doc>
<doc id="36851292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851292" title="2012 Copa Euskal Herria (women's football)">
2012 Copa Euskal Herria (women's football)

The 2012 Copa de Fútbol Femenino de Euskal Herria was the second edition of this competition organized by the Basque Country Football Federation, featuring eleven clubs from Euskadi and Navarra playing in Primera and Segunda plus a Northern Basque Country selection. It ran from May 2 to August 26, 2012.
Real Sociedad defeated defending champion Athletic Bilbao in the final, played in Beasain, to win the competition for the first time. Añorga KKE and SD Lagunak also reached the semifinals.
Results.
First Round.
The matches were played on 2 May, 4 and 16 June 2012.
Quarter-finals.
The matches were played on 15, 19 and 21 August 2012.
Semifinals.
The matches were played on 22 and 23 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36851313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851313" title="Irish Medicines Formulary">
Irish Medicines Formulary

The Irish Medicines Formulary (IMF) is a medicines reference for healthcare professionals working in Ireland. It is an index of all prescription medicines that are both licensed and marketed in Ireland, i.e. available to be prescribed for a patient. Published by Meridian Ireland, IMF is edited, designed, printed and posted in the Republic of Ireland.
IMF is Irish-specific – the prescribing information provided for each drug is sourced solely from the product license or Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) specific for Ireland. The SPC is published on the website of the Health Regulatory Authority (HPRA), formerly the Irish Medicines Board (IMB) for each product authorised in Ireland, with the exception of those medicines licensed centrally by the European Commission, published by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). IMF does not provide prescribing information for medicines not licensed for use in Ireland.
First published in 2007, IMF is now in its 15th edition. IMF Edition 16 is due for publication in August 2014.
Features.
IMF provides the information of approximately 8000 prescription drugs available to prescribe in Ireland. Given this large number of choices, it is necessary for prescribers, from time to time, to check certain information such as dosage, especially where there is specific dosing for elderly patients and children. Possible drug interactions also need to be checked as well as, for example, whether or not a particular drug is suitable for use in certain special populations (e.g. a patient with renal or hepatic impairment or in pregnancy). Special precautions to be taken into account before or while using the drug as well as expected adverse events are also included.
In addition to actual prescribing information, the doctor, nurse prescriber or pharmacist may also need to check the Euro price or whether the medicine is reimbursed under the various Irish reimbursement schemes e.g. PCRS (Primary Care Reimbursement Scheme, formerly GMS Scheme) or High Tech Scheme (HT). IMF also includes top-line information on the use of drugs in Sport as sourced from the World Anti-Doping Agency and information on driving as sourced from the Summary of Product Characteristics for each drug and supplemented with information from the DRUID (Driving Under the Influence of Drugs, Alcohol and Medicines) Project. The ATC Code for each molecule is also included for accurate referencing of medicines prescribed when legally required. 
Each edition also includes pharmacovigilance information supplied by the Health Products Regulatory Authority (HPRA). For example, IMF Edition 14 contained information regarding 'Changes in Distribution Arrangements for the IMB (now HPRA) Drug Safety Newsletter'. IMF Edition 15 included information with regard to 'Medicines Subject to Additional Monitoring Requirements' according to new EU legislation. Each drug in IMF which is subject to this additional monitoring is denoted by an inverted black triangle. 
The August Edition will carry two articles from the HPRA, namely, 'Recommendation to Restrict the Combined Use of Medicines Affecting the Renin-angiotensin (RAS) System' as well as information regarding the 'Irish Medicines Board Name Change'.
In addition to providing relevant prescribing information for medicines, IMF also includes information regarding herbal drug interactions, cardiovascular risk charts, and copies of official Health Products Regulatory Authority Adverse Reaction Report Form (yellow card) and Quality Defect Report form (green card). It also provides contact details for all of the pharmaceutical companies that market prescription medicines in Ireland should an Irish doctor wish to contact the company for more information.
IMF also includes information on Prescription Writing from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI). This material includes the rules and regulations pertaining to prescription writing according to Irish legislation, as well as the legal requirements for writing prescriptions for Controlled Drugs.
Users.
IMF is used by Irish General Practitioners (GPs), Hospital Doctors, Nurse Prescribers and Pharmacists in both community and hospital practice. Particularly useful to pharmacists is that under each molecule (INN), IMF lists the generic brands marketed in Ireland. With the current switch to generic substitution, doctors and pharmacists can use IMF to show patients that the generic equivalent they have received is the same as the original brand. The website of the HPRA lists the interchangeable medicines that are licensed in Ireland but not all of them are necessarily marketed; IMF lists only those that are both licensed and marketed i.e. available to prescribe.
In addition IMF is used by students of medical and pharmacy colleges throughout Ireland. The Department of Family Medicine and General Practice, Royal College of Surgeons Ireland (RCSI), uses IMF as the prescribing reference of choice for their students in Senior Cycle 1 (4th year). In the first weeks of this cycle, the students are introduced to IMF by way of a formal lecture forming part of "Prescribing in primary care and an introduction to the Irish Medicines Formulary".
The Medical Protection Society (Ireland) produces a number of booklets addressing safety issues, including safe prescribing. Their booklets "Avoiding Problems – Managing the Risks in Hospital Practice" and "Avoiding Problems – Managing the Risks in General Practice in Ireland" advise "adopting accepted practice", for example, "prescribing in accordance with the Irish Medicines Formulary".
IMF is also used by nursing professionals (especially nurse prescribers and public health nurses), state health and regulatory agencies and with professionals working in the pharmaceutical industry. It is a comprehensive reference of medicines licensed and marketed in the country. IMF is published twice yearly, in February and August.

</doc>
<doc id="36851320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851320" title="2012–13 Luxembourg National Division">
2012–13 Luxembourg National Division

The 2012–13 Luxembourg National Division was the 99th season of top-tier football in Luxembourg. It began on 5 August 2012 and ended on 25 May 2013. F91 Dudelange were the defending champions having won their tenth league championship in the previous season.
Team changes from 2011–12.
US Rumelange and US Hostert were relegated to the Division of Honour after finishing 13th and 14th in the previous season. Both clubs were relegated after one year in the top flight. They were replaced by 2011–12 Division of Honour champions Jeunesse Canach and runners-up Etzella Ettelbruck. Both clubs return to the top flight after a one-year absence.
Hesperange as 12th-placed team had to compete in a single play-off match against third-placed Division of Honour side Wiltz. Wiltz won the match by 6–2, and they returned to the top division after a one-year absence. Swift Hesperange were relegated to the Division of Honour after an eleven-year stay in the top division.
Relegation play-offs.
The 12th-placed club in the National Division will compete in a relegation play-off match against the third-placed team from the Division of Honour for one spot in the following season's competition. This will take place once both seasons have finished, usually around the middle of May.
Progres Niedercorn 1-0 FC UNA Strassen

</doc>
<doc id="36851324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851324" title="2012 Finn Gold Cup">
2012 Finn Gold Cup

The 2012 Finn Gold Cup, and the official Finn World Championships, were held in Falmouth, United Kingdom, between 13 and 18 May, 2012. The hosting yacht club was Royal Cornwall Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36851325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851325" title="Zilpha Elaw">
Zilpha Elaw

Zilpha Elaw ( 1790 – ?) was an African-American preacher and spiritual autobiographer. She has been cited as "one of the first outspoken black women in the United States." Mitzi Smith suggests that Elaw and other Black women of the time used Pauline biblical texts to develop their own "politics of origins".
Biography.
Elaw was born in Pennsylvania, a free woman.
Brought up in Philadelphia, by a black and deeply religious family, after the death of her mother in 1802, she was sent to live with a Quaker family, Pierson and Rebecca Mitchell; her father died just two years later. After seeing a vision of Jesus, she joined a Methodist society in 1808, marrying Joseph Elaw and moving to Burlington, New Jersey. The couple had a daughter, Rebecca, in 1812. In 1817, Elaw attended a revival camp for a week, and after falling into a trance, she gave her first ever public speech. She fell ill in 1819, and while remaining sick for two years, experienced an angelic visitation. After Joseph's death from consumption in 1823, Elaw opened a school for African-American children in Burlington, but increasingly believing she had been called upon as a minister, she departed in 1825 and went on a preaching mission among slaves in Maryland and Virginia. During the period of 1827 to 1840, she ministered as an itinerant preacher in the United States, and was known to be in Nantucket in 1832.
Elaw moved to England, preaching in the summer of 1840. She was known to have lived there until at least 1845, penning "Memoirs of the Life, Religious Experience, and Ministerial Travels and Labours of Mrs. Zilpha Elaw, an American Female of Colour". According to her memoirs, she preached over 1,000 sermons in Great Britain over these years, but often faced hostility and heavy criticism from the Victorian British clergy who believed that it was inappropriate for a woman to preach. It is unclear if she returned to the US before her death.

</doc>
<doc id="36851330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851330" title="Northern Mariana Islands local government reorganisation referendum, 1987">
Northern Mariana Islands local government reorganisation referendum, 1987

A referendum on a reorganisation of local government was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 7 November 1987. The proposal was approved by voters.
Background.
The proposed reorganisation of local government was a legislative initiative passed by a 75% majority in both houses of the Legislature. As a result, only a simply majority of votes was required for the proposals to pass.
The proposals involved a complete rewrite of Chapter VI of the constitution, which defined the rights, duties and electoral system for local government.

</doc>
<doc id="36851334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851334" title="IntelliServ">
IntelliServ

IntelliServ is a National Oilwell Varco brand that manufactures and sells a broadband networked drilling string system used to transmit downhole information to the surface in a drilling operation.
Background.
The IntelliServ network is a broadband telemetry system that allows instant transmission of data between the surface and the measurement tools positioned in the drill string bottomhole assembly near the drill bit. The invention of IntelliServ technology began in 1997 with a project on hydraulic mud hammers sponsored by the company Novatek and the United States Department of Energy. The project addressed the need for instant transmission of downhole data (data acquired within the wellhole) through drill pipe, leading to Novatek’s beginning on a networked drill pipe development project. In 2001, the National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) began providing funding for the drill pipe project and an additional drill pipe data transmission project.
Five years of Department of Energy and NETL-funded research resulted in the IntelliServ network and Intellipipe, a drill pipe with an embedded data cable. In 2006, Grant Prideco bought the IntelliServ technology and launched the first IntelliServ network. Grant Prideco was purchased by National Oilwell Varco (NOV) in 2008, and the NOV-IntelliServ joint venture was formed in 2009 with 55% National Oilwell Varco and 45% Schlumberger ownership.
The first commercial deployment of a drill string telemetry network occurred using IntelliServ’s product in Myanmar in December 2006.
Technology.
The IntelliServ network components are embedded in drill string components, known as IntelliPipe, which transmit subsurface data at 57,000 bits per second. The IntelliServ network upgrade can raise the speed to one million bits per second. The two-way data communication between downhole Measurement while drilling (MWD) and Logging while drilling (LWD) measurement tools and the operators at the surface allow the operators to command rotary-steering tools, or configure downhole tools such as the formation pressure testing tool or sonic tools.
The IntelliServ network includes measurement nodes along the full length of the drill string that allow operators to acquire data along the wellbore. The measurement nodes measure and transmit temperature and pressure data acquired along the drill string, which can improve well site efficiency and reduce risks associated with hole cleaning, such as pack offs. The transmission of information is not affected by the depth, formation resistivity, drilling fluid properties, or required flow of the well. Surface operating parameters can control items detected by the sensors, such as shock and vibration.
The networked drill pipe can transmit data acquired by most large service companies. As of March 2012, the system has been deployed on 90 wells totaling more than 1 million feet of drilling.
Applications.
The IntelliServ networked drillstrings have been used in well construction projects in five continents for the following:
Notable Partners.
IntelliServ partners with the following companies and organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="36851338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851338" title="United Arab Emirates at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
United Arab Emirates at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

The United Arab Emirates competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The UAE was represented by 15 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36851339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851339" title="Gretel II">
Gretel II

Gretel II is an Australian International 12-metre class racing yacht built for the America's Cup challenge series in 1970. She was designed by Alan Payne and built by W.H. Barnett for Australian media tycoon Sir Frank Packer.
Packer had first challenged for the America's Cup in 1962 with the yacht "Gretel", which was named after his wife. "Gretel" was competitive but lost that challenge 4–1.
1970 America's Cup.
In 1970 Packer returned to Newport, Rhode Island to challenge again for the 'Auld Mug' with his new 12-metre yacht "Gretel II" representing the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron. This yacht was the last of the wooden-hulled America's Cup yachts. "Gretel II" was skippered by Jim Hardy with Martin Visser as tactician and starting helmsman and Bill Fesq as navigator. The crew included future Olympic Star class gold medallists David Forbes and John Anderson and future America's Cup–winning skipper John Bertrand as port trimmer.
After defeating Baron Marcel Bich’s "France" in the challenger selection series 4–0, the Australian yacht took on the American defender "Intrepid", skippered by Bill Ficker in a best-of-seven race series.
"Intrepid" won the first race when "Gretel II"s David Forbes was swept overboard but managed to hang on to the sail and scramble back on board. Then in a controversial second race ,"Gretel II" crossed the finish line 1 minute 7 seconds ahead, but due to a collision at the start the Australian challenger was disqualified. "Intrepid" won the third race but "Gretel II" recorded a win in the fourth race by a margin of 1 minute 2 seconds. "Intrepid" then took out the fifth race to win the America's Cup 4–1.
Many observers, such as 1977 America's Cup winning skipper Ted Turner, believed that "Gretel II" was a faster boat than "Intrepid" but that the tactical cunning of Bill Ficker and Steve Van Dyke and the performance of the American crew were the deciding factors in the Americans' victory.
1977 America's Cup.
"Gretel II" served as a trial horse for Alan Bond’s "Southern Cross" in the 1974 America's Cup. In the 1977 America's Cup "Gretel II", skippered by Gordon Ingate, was one of four yachts vying to challenge for the Cup. Her wooden decking was replaced with aluminium for the new campaign. Ingate had a veteran crew which earned them the nickname 'Dad's Navy'. The yacht was eliminated by their Swedish rival "Sverige" during the challenger selection trials. The new Alan Bond yacht "Australia" won the right to challenge but lost to the Americans.
Decades later, after falling into disrepair, "Gretel II" was restored by a group of yachting enthusiasts in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36851365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851365" title="Erich Hampe">
Erich Hampe

Erich Hampe (1889–1978) was a German soldier and the first president of the Federal Agency for Civil Defense (Bundesanstalt für zivilen Luftschutz), General of the Technical Troops in World War II and Vice Chief of the Technische Nothilfe as well as an editor and author.
Life.
He was born 1889 in Gera and joined the German Army in 1908. He fought in World War I and retired in 1919 as Hauptmann on the reserve list. In the beginning of 1920 in the Weimar Republic, he worked as Vice Chief of the Technische Nothilfe (TN). After being dismissed from TN in 1941, he returned to the Wehrmacht and served as General of the Technical Troops. In the public service of West Germany in 1950, he started with the reconstruction of the Technisches Hilfswerk, continued as head of division in the German Federal Ministry of the Interior and finally as first President of the Federal Agency for Civil Defense (Bundesanstalt für zivilen Luftschutz). Hampe died in 1978 in Hangelar near Bonn.

</doc>
<doc id="36851366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851366" title="John Faircloth">
John Faircloth

Joseph A. (John) Faricloth is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly who represents part of Guilford County, North Carolina.
Faircloth has a bachelors degree from Guilford College a masters degree from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro and has also studied at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the University of Louisville.
Faircloth spent his career as a police officer. He was police chief of Salisbury, North Carolina from 1975 to 1976 and of High Point, North Carolina from 1976 to 1992. Since 1992 he has worked as a real estate agent.
Faircloth was first elected to the General Assembly in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36851367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851367" title="Daitetsu Tadamitsu">
Daitetsu Tadamitsu

Daitetsu Tadamitsu (born 29 October 1956 as Tadamitsu Minami) is a former sumo wrestler from Ōno, Fukui, Japan. He made his professional debut in July 1971, and reached the top division in November, 1983. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in September, 1990 and is currently a coach at Matsugane stable, under the elder name Minatogawa.

</doc>
<doc id="36851368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851368" title="Seven45 Studios">
Seven45 Studios

Seven45 Studios is the video game publishing & development division of First Act. The company's titles fuse innovative and entertaining gameplay with the world of music.
History.
Seven45 Studios was founded in 2007 as the video game division for First Act. Seven45 is perhaps best known as the developer and publisher of the 2010 title , a note-matching game that shipped with a unique guitar game controller that acts as both a standalone six-stringed guitar and game controller for this and other note-matching games. In late 2010 Seven45 Studios laid-off a large part of their staff "as a part of the natural cycle of game development and to focus on the development needs of its upcoming games projects". In 2011 Seven45 Studios changed focus to developing and producing iOS apps.
Titles.
, released in October 2010, is a video game console game for simulating gameplay with a real guitar. It was released simultaneously on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
BeatPop, released in April 2011, in an iOS app, designed to be played on the Apple iPhone and iPod Touch. The player pops bubbles (via tapping the touch screen) to the beat of a variety of interesting and catchy original soundtracks. 
Soulo, released in late 2011, is an iOS app for Karaoke designed to be played on the Apple iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch. The songs that can be downloaded directly to the app include a dynamic interactive display of the lyrics. These songs are all cover versions of original songs. Soulo also enables the user to sing along with existing songs in the iTunes library. The original vocals from these songs are suppressed via vocal remover technologies. Additional voice enhancements such as pitch correction are also included in the game play. These technologies were supplied by the audio technology company iZotope. The app is designed to work with a line of microphones and other peripherals made by Seven45 Studios' sister company, First Act.

</doc>
<doc id="36851381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851381" title="2011 Soling World Championships">
2011 Soling World Championships

The 2011 Soling World Championships were held in Prien am Chiemsee, Germany between April 22 and 30, 2011. The hosting yacht club was Chiemsee Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36851414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851414" title="John Frederick Demartini">
John Frederick Demartini

Dr. John Fredrick Demartini (born November 25, 1954), is a former Chiropractor, and current American researcher, best selling author, international educator and public speaker in human behavior. 
He founded the Demartini Instituteand has trademarked certain methodologies in human development: the primary two being the Demartini Method and the Demartini Value Determination Process and the applications of these processes in the seven areas of life: Financial, Physical, Mental, Vocational, Spiritual, Family and Social.
He has completed numerous interviews and appears in other media such as the following publications: O Magazine; Huffington Post; 
Demartini has also appeared in several movies, the most popular being "The Secret" in 2006 with Rhonda Byrne alongside John Gray, Jack Canfield and Michael Beckwith amongst others. He has also appeared in several documentaries and he has shared the screen with Hugh Jackman, Ringo Starr and David Copperfield in Peter Rodger’s 2009 film exploring God, titled Oh My God, and in the 2005 movie One: the Movie from Ward Powers examining the meaning of life.
He is the author of nine internationally published titles translated into 28 different languages, including The Breakthrough Experience, Inspired Destiny, Riches Within, Stress to Success, How to Make One Hell of a Profit and Still Get to Heaven, The Gratitude Effect, Wisdom of the Oracle, Count Your Blessings, The Heart of Love and You Can Have an Amazing Life in Just 60 Days.
Early life.
Born in Houston, Texas, on Thanksgiving Day 1954, Dr. Demartini was one of two children. Born with a birth defect he had to endure hand and leg braces early in his life and at the age of seven he was told by his first grade teacher that he had a learning disability and would never read, write or communicate and not go far in life. Diagnosed with dyslexia and a speech impediment he struggled at school and at fourteen he was a high school dropout, living on the streets and panhandling for food to survive. He moved to Hawaii at seventeen to surf and lived on the beach and there he contracted severe strychnine poisoning and almost died.
Attending a yoga course by Paul Bragg altered his life and he then began the process of rebuilding his life.
Career.
Dr. John Demartini first studied at Wharton Junior College, Wharton Texas 1973 – 1975 where he achieved an Associate’s Degree, then a Bachelor of Science in Biology at University of Houston: 1975 - 1978 and finally a Doctorate degree in Chiropractic in 1982 from the Texas Chiropractic College, Pasadena, Texas where he graduated in 1982 at the top of his class with Magna Cum Laude.
Dr. Demartini then built up a successful chiropractic clinic in Houston Texas whilst completing clinical studies in the area to further understand human potential and development.
Dr. Demartini speaks at over 400 seminar-talks a year in over fifty countries. He developed and coined a methodology known as 'The Demartini Method'. Derived from a study of Quantum Physics, 'The Demartini Method' is now being studied in a number of Universities and presented to psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, health professionals and prison workers all over the world.
As a presenter, Dr. Demartini has shared the stage with such noted speakers as Stephen Covey, Donald Trump, Dr Donald Beck, Les Brown, Mark Victor Hansen, Deepak Chopra, Wayne Dyer, Dr Patch Adams and many others.
Personal life.
In 1983 he married Denise Roffal - the marriage ended in divorce in 1991. The marriage produced three children. Demartini married his second wife Athena Starwoman in 1992; she died in December 2004 from breast cancer.
Honours and Awards.
In 1982 Demartini received the Salutatorian Award and the Special Achievement Award in Clinical Practice from The Texas Chiropractic College.
He was an invited guest at the Waldzell Conference in Austria on social transformation and inspiration (September 2008).
Recipient of the top honour at the Annual (XL) Extraordinary Lives Awards held in Singapore (September 2008).
Events.
https://drdemartini.com/events/

</doc>
<doc id="36851428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851428" title="Hackney Flashers">
Hackney Flashers

The Hackney Flashers were a collective of broadly socialist-feminist women who produced notable agitprop exhibitions in the 1970s and early 1980s.
Beginnings.
The group's origins go back to 1974 when photographers Jo Spence and Neil Martinson were searching for women photographers to produce an exhibition on Women and Work for Hackney Trades Council. A woman designer and an illustrator, a writer and an editor also joined the group. Members were engaged in a variety of occupations at a professional level: university teaching, community photography, freelance photojournalism and publishing; some were active trade unionists. In 1975 the collective was consolidated when it adopted the name Hackney Flashers.
Members.
From the start the Flashers’ output was distributed as the work of a collective. It was a political decision that individual names were never listed, specific images or writing never credited. This may have led to later confusion about who was in the Hackney Flashers and who worked on the different projects.
Members were: An Dekker, Sally Greenhill, Gerda Jager, Liz Heron, Michael Ann Mullen, Maggie Murray, Christine Roche, Jo Spence and Julia Vellacott. In her history of "Women Photographers in Britain" Val Williams recounts that "the group's nine women members began to study the use of photography within the capitalist system and to present alternatives. They played a decisive part in establishing a context within which women workers from different cultural fields could work together in pursuit of a collective political aim". 
Others associated with the group were: Helen Grace, Maggie Millman, Jini Rawlings, Ruth Barrenbaum, Nanette Salomon, Arlene Strasberg, Chris Treweek. Two men were involved in the very early stages of discussion before the collective produced its first work and found its identity and name: Neil Martinson, who worked with the group for only a few months, was the main point of contact between the group and Hackney Trades Council. Terry Dennett did not join the group, but came to one or two meetings as an observer.
Political and Social Purpose.
The group’s purpose and politics grew and developed over time – not without internal conflict and dissent. Members came from differing class backgrounds and political stances. Some were of the left, others emerging feminists. The group's feminist practice was reflected in their tactics of working as a small group outside of institutions like academia. They worked on bringing personal and domestic issues into the public sphere. They would meet in each other's homes. The dynamic of the group is documented in Liz Heron’s article, ‘Who’s still holding the camera?’ in "Photography Politics:One". One of the aims of the group was to uncover what was hidden (hence ‘Flashers’). This was true of the many images of women at work (rarely recorded at the time) in the first exhibition and the complications of juggling childcare and work in the second. The works were conceived as campaigning and educational.
The second exhibition also engaged with issues of representation, of subverting imagery and the difficulty of visually showing a lack. Val Williams notes that "The eclectic use of graphics, of cartooning and of advertisements began a process which took photography out of its traditional limits and re-established it as a medium of cohesive political propaganda." Both exhibitions were intended for use in community centres, schools, trades union gatherings and every sort of alternative venue. The panels appeared in town halls, health centres, at conferences, in libraries and at the Hayward Gallery when it was selected by curator John Tagg to be included in the 'Three Perspectives of Photography' in 1979.
The collective also functioned as a co-operative, skill-sharing experience for women working in the media, who at that time had a very low profile and were often isolated.
The Work.
The Hackney Flashers Collective produced three main pieces of work, although there were other experimental pieces, including montages, which were made in the group’s occasional creative workshops
Afterlife and Influence.
The collective split up in the early 80s citing political differences and the wish to work on other projects. Members of the Collective continued to develop their own careers or engage in new fields. Sally Greenhill worked as a photojournalist, Liz Heron worked as a journalist and literary translator and is the author of fiction and non-fiction books; Michael Ann Mullen became Photography Officer at the GLC and later lectured in history of photography at Middlesex University; Maggie Murray (with Val Wilmer) set up Format Photographers – a women's photo agency; Christine Roche continued as a cartoonist/illustrator and taught at the London College of Printing; Jo Spence produced books and exhibitions on health and representation. She died in 1992. Julia Vellacott was an editor at Penguin. 
Informal contact and collaboration between many of the Flashers went on for many years and continues.
The work of the Hackney Flashers has been noted in histories of photography and of the art practices of collage and montage.
Beyond the initial showing of the work, the projects by the Hackney Flashers have been included in several major exhibitions in recent years. These have included but are not limited to:
2000: "Protest and Survive" at the Whitechapel Gallery, curated by artists Matthew Higgs and Paul Noble 
2005-2006: "Jo Spence: Beyond the Perfect Image, Photography, Subjectivity, Antagonism" at Museu d’Art Contemporani de Barcelona October 27, 2005 – January 15, 2006, Curators Jorge Ribalta and Terry Dennett.
2012: 'Who's Still Holding the Baby? Hackney Flashers 1978' Exhibition at The Women's Art Library, Goldsmiths University of London, 1–30 June 2012, curated by Dr Hazel Frizell.
2012: "Jo Spence: Work I", SPACE, London, 1 June - 15 July 2012.
2012-2013: "Transmitter Receiver: The Persistence of Collage", An Arts Council Touring Exhibition, Middlesbrough, Woking, Walsall, Lincoln, Aberystwyth, Carlisle,

</doc>
<doc id="36851435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851435" title="Jordan Winston Early">
Jordan Winston Early

The Reverend Jordan Winston Early (1814 – after 1894) was an American Methodist multiracial preacher, considered to have been one of the pioneers of African Methodism in the West and South of the United States. In 1868, he married Sarah Jane Woodson Early, and the couple were prominent in spreading Methodism and black nationalism, and his wife taught wherever he preached.
Biography.
Early, a former slave of mixed-race, was born in 1814 in Franklin County, Virginia. After his mother's death, when Early was three, he and his siblings were cared for by a maternal aunt, an uncle who taught him astronomy, and an older woman on the plantation, known as "Aunt Milly". Sold separately from his parents, he became a minister at the age of 12.
Early and his family were taken by their masters to Missouri in 1826, where Early joined the Methodist Church, and was emancipated in the same year. While working on a riverboat that plied between St. Louis and New Orleans, he learned how to read and write, taught by a Presbyterian minister and a shipmate. Joining the African Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832, Early worked to build more local congregations. In 1836, he was licensed as an AME preacher. He helped expand the church in St. Louis, New Orleans, Illinois, Indiana, and Tennessee. By 1838, he was ordained a deacon. In 1840, Early and other supporters built the first AME Church in St. Louis. 
In 1843, he married Louisa Carter, and they had eight children, four of whom survived to adulthood. The Earlys sent their children to Wilberforce University. He became licensed as an exhorter in 1853. In the late 1850s, Early evangelized in Tennessee and founded AME missions in Missouri (Kirkwood, Saint Charles, Roche Port, Washington, Jefferson City, Louisiana, Booneville, Saint Joseph, and Weston). After Louisa died in 1862, he married Sarah Jane Woodson Early on September 24, 1868. The couple were prominent in spreading Methodism and black nationalism; his wife taught wherever he preached, serving as a principal in four cities. Jordan Early and his wife Sarah retired to Nashville from active minister appointments in 1888. His wife wrote a biography of her husband and his rise from slavery that is included among postwar slave narratives.

</doc>
<doc id="36851452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851452" title="Individual Electoral Registration">
Individual Electoral Registration

Individual Electoral Registration (IER) is the voter registration system which will take effect from 10 June 2014 in England & Wales and 19 September 2014 in Scotland.
Background.
The Westminster government had introduced IER to Northern Ireland in 2002 in the Electoral Fraud (Northern Ireland) Act 2002, but England, Wales and Scotland continued to use a system of householder registration.
The UK's politically independent Electoral Commission had been pushing for such a reform for some time. In September 2010, Mark Harper, the government's Minister for constitutional reform, announced the plan. A spokesman for the Electoral Reform Society, an independent NGO, expressed some reservations: "You're potentially looking at registration rates in the 50% region. It will make some problems worse.". One recent study has also suggested that it will lead to a decline in electoral registration, unless other measures are put in place to offset these reductions.
Transition.
The Government has stated that 35 million voters will be transferred to the new system automatically as their identity can verified using the Department of Work and Pensions database. The remainder will be required to prove their identity in order to remain on the electoral register.
Legislation.
The Cameron government introduced the Electoral Registration and Administration Bill 2012 in the Queen's Speech in May, 2012 in order to provide for the introduction of compulsory IER for those wishing to vote by post or by proxy in 2014, and compulsory IER for all registrations by 2015. The Bill passed swiftly through the House of Commons and saw its second reading in the House of Lords on July 24, 2012, having been introduced for the Coalition by the Liberal Democrat peer, Lord Wallace of Saltaire. It passed committee stage on 14 January 2013, and received Royal Assent on 31 January 2013 thereby passing into law as the Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36851454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851454" title="21–22 High Street, Coventry">
21–22 High Street, Coventry

The cellars of 21 and 22 High Street are listed buildings in the centre of Coventry, in the West Midlands of England. The cellar of No 21 is a Grade II listed building, while that of No 22 is Grade I listed, meaning that they are sites of "special architectural or historic interest". The cellars were formerly a single crypt, built in the 15th century (CE). They are constructed from sandstone, and measure approximately 17 x 20 feet (No 21) and 56 x 27 feet (No 22). Both are supported by large octagonal columns and ribbed vaulting. They were listed in 1955 (No 22) and 1975 (No 21). The cellars may be some of the oldest remaining traces of domestic building work in Coventry, and several similar cellars exist elsewhere on High Street and other nearby streets, some dating back to the 14th century. The cellars are divided into two aisles, each containing four bays, which are divided by the octagonal columns.
No 22 is one of only 21 Grade I listed buildings in Coventry, while No 21 is one of approximately 350 Grade II listed buildings in the city. The status gives them legal protection against demolition or modifications which would destroy historic features or damage the buildings' character.

</doc>
<doc id="36851497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851497" title="Foothills Alliance Church">
Foothills Alliance Church

Foothills Alliance Church is a place of worship in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, meeting at 333 Edgepark Boulevard Northwest. The church had previously been located at the intersection of 20th Avenue and 20th Street Northwest. Services were temporarily held at the Banff Trail Community Centre in 1965. They operate a free program by which people can call to hear a new recorded, one-minute Christian devotional reading each day. They hold candlelight services on Christmas Eve. Christian theologian J. S. Thomson of Scotland did a series of talks at the church in 1967. The Continental Singers and Orchestra performed at the church on August 9, 1986. Musician Karen Ritchie performed at the church on September 7, 2008. A theatrical adaptation of C. S. Lewis's "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" was performed at the church in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36851500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851500" title="THC (band)">
THC (band)

T.H.C. was a trip hop band from Los Angeles, California, composed of singer/lyricist Sarah Folkman and producer/composer/keyboardist/bassist George Sarah.
Biography.
From 1996 to 1998 the band released two full length albums, one E.P. and two 12 inch records. George disbanded the band to work on solo projects.
In 1999, the band released one full length album together called "Adagio". It consisted of a somber beauty of melancholic charged electronica. 
T.H.C. gained some recognition after their music appeared in a couple of episodes of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (as well as its spin-off, "Angel"), playing the part of the fictional band Shy, of whom Veruca was the vocalist. George Sarah also appeared on the show as Shy's keyboard player. George Sarah returned to "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" on season six in the episode 'Hells Bells' along with his string section during the wedding ceremony. T.H.C also had their music appear in several films including "Dead Man’s Curve" directed by Dan Rosen and starring Matthew Lillard, Michael Vartan, and Keri Russell, "Mascara" directed by Linda Kandel and starring Ione Skye, "Cleopatra’s second husband" directed by Jon Reiss.

</doc>
<doc id="36851507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851507" title="Municipality of Gorišnica">
Municipality of Gorišnica

The Municipality of Gorišnica is a municipality in Slovenia. The area traditionally belonged to the region of Styria. It is now included in the Drava statistical region.

</doc>
<doc id="36851517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851517" title="Machiara National Park">
Machiara National Park


</doc>
<doc id="36851523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851523" title="Leegate railway station">
Leegate railway station

Leegate was a railway station on the Maryport and Carlisle Railway (M&CR) and served this rural district in Cumbria. The station was opened by the M&CR in 1848 and lay in the Parish of Bromfield.
History.
Leegate station was opened by the Maryport & Carlisle Railway in 1848. At grouping in 1923 the M&CR became a part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. It was one of a number of lightly-used intermediate stations on the M&C line closed to passenger traffic by the British Transport Commission in the years immediately after nationalisation of the British rail network in 1948. Services ceased on 5 June 1950, though goods traffic continued to be handled here until 1964.
The main Carlisle-Maryport line (completed in 1845) remains open and forms part of the Cumbrian Coast Line between Carlisle and Barrow in Furness.
The station had two through platforms, with substantial station buildings and a signal box. No trace however remains of the station today.

</doc>
<doc id="36851524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851524" title="John Brickels">
John Brickels

John L. "Stub" Brickels ( – ) was a high school, college and professional football coach who served as a backfield coach for the Cleveland Browns between 1946 and 1948. Brickels began his coaching career in 1930, after graduating from Wittenberg University in Ohio, where he was a standout as a halfback on the school's football team. He coached high school football and basketball teams in Ohio and West Virginia in the 1930s and early 1940s before becoming the head basketball coach at the University of West Virginia in 1944. He held that post until 1945, when Cleveland Browns coach Paul Brown hired him to recruit players for the Browns, a team under formation in the All-America Football Conference, while Brown served in the U.S. Navy during 
When the Browns began play in 1946, Brickels became the team's backfield coach, holding the post until he was named an assistant football coach at Miami University after the 1948 season. He was promoted to head basketball coach and athletic director the following year, and remained in that position until his death of a heart attack in 1964.
College career.
Brickels attended Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, where he played four sports and was a star halfback on the school's football team. He graduated from Wittenberg in 1930.
Coaching career.
After graduating from college, Brickels, nicknamed "Stub", was hired as an assistant football and basketball coach at New Philadelphia High School in New Philadelphia, Ohio. He was promoted to head coach of both teams in 1932. During one successful run, his football team won 36 of 40 games. The team played numerous times against dominant Massillon Washington High School squads coached by Paul Brown in the 1930s, although New Philadelphia lost all of the matchups. Brickels went on to become head basketball coach and assistant football coach at Huntington High School in West Virginia in 1938. In 1944, he was named the head basketball coach at the University of West Virginia, and led the team to the National Invitation Tournament in 1945.
Paul Brown, who was serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II and coaching a service football team at a base outside Chicago, hired Brickels in 1945 to help him organize the Cleveland Browns, a new team in the All-America Football Conference. Arthur B. McBride, the team's owner, had hired Brown as head coach and general manager, but Brown was hamstrung by his military service and needed Brickels to help recruit players. Brown chose Brickels because of his easygoing and glib manner and familiarity with the Ohio sports scene. Brickels set up an office in downtown Cleveland and visited with players Brown was interested in signing.
Brickels mostly did Brown's bidding and signed numerous players on his behalf, but he also brought two men to Brown's attention who later joined the Browns and had long careers with the team. Center Frank Gatski and guard Ed Ulinski both played at Marshall University in Huntington when Brickels was coaching high school there. Gatski had a Hall of Fame career in 11 seasons for the Browns, and Ulinski played four years for the team before becoming a long-time Browns offensive line coach.
When the Browns started play, Brickels became a backfield coach. He stayed with the Browns for three seasons, after each of which the team won the AAFC championship. Brickels left the Browns in 1949 to take a job as an assistant to football coach Woody Hayes at Miami University. The following year, he was named the school's athletic director and head basketball coach.
Death.
Brickels died in 1964 of a heart attack while still the athletic director at Miami. He was inducted into Miami's athletics hall of fame in 1971 and into Wittenberg's hall of honor in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36851525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851525" title="List of Little League World Series appearances by U.S. state">
List of Little League World Series appearances by U.S. state

This is the list of U.S. states with participation in the Little League World Series. As the 2012 LLWS nine states never had reached the LLWS: Alaska, Colorado, Kansas, Nevada, North Dakota, Utah, Vermont, Wisconsin, Wyoming. Also the District of Columbia never had reached the LLWS.
"As the 2012 Little League World Series"
U.S. Finals.
Since 1976 an international final is played. The winner plays versus the International Champion for the LLWS.

</doc>
<doc id="36851529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851529" title="2011 Dragon World Championships">
2011 Dragon World Championships

The 2011 Dragon World Championships were held in Melbourne, Australia between January 9 and 15, 2011. The hosting yacht club was Royal Brighton Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36851547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851547" title="Feeserpeton">
Feeserpeton

Feeserpeton is an extinct genus of parareptile from the Early Permian of Richard's Spur, Oklahoma. It is known from a single species, Feeserpeton oklahomensis, which was named in 2012 on the basis of a nearly complete skull. "Feeserpeton" is a member of the clade Lanthanosuchoidea and is one of the earliest parareptiles.
Description.
The only known skull of "Feeserpeton" is small, but well-fused bones, deep pitting, and worn teeth indicate that the individual was close to maturity when it died. Large eye sockets may indicate that "Feeserpeton" was nocturnal. The skull is nearly complete, missing parts of the premaxilla (a bone at the tip of the snout) and the jugal (a bone making up the "cheek" region). A combination of features distinguish "Feeserpeton" from other related parareptiles, including a triangular skull, large caniniform teeth in the upper and lower jaws, and postorbital bones behind the eye sockets that are much larger than the nearby squamosal bones. Part of the palate is exposed on the right side of the skull, revealing many worn palatal teeth. The teeth in the mandible or lower jaw are hidden beneath the bones of the upper jaw, but CT scanning has revealed that there is a single tooth row on each side with mostly small teeth. Two teeth are much larger than the rest, similar in size to the enlarged caniniforms of the upper jaw. The braincase is preserved at the back of the skull and includes the stapes, a bone rarely preserved in parareptile fossils. "Feeserpeton" has a large opisthotic bone in its braincase, similar in size to that of another Early Permian parareptile called "Acleistorhinus".
Discovery.
The holotype skull of "Feeserpeton", cataloged as OMNH 73541, was found in the Dolese Brothers Limestone Quarry near the town of Richard's Spur, Oklahoma. Several other parareptiles have also been found from Richard's Spur, including "Bolosaurus", "Colobomycter", "Delorhynchus", "Microleter", and an acleistorhinid. OMNH 73541 was preserved in a clay-rich nodule of calcite which was removed during preparation. CT scans of the skull revealed many internal details. The specimen was described as a new genus and species in 2012. The genus name "Feeserpeton" honors Mike Feese, a manager of the Dolese Brothers quarry who was also a fossil collector, and the species name "oklahomensis" refers to Oklahoma, the state in which it was found.
Phylogeny.
"Feeserpeton" was included in a phylogenetic analysis when it was first named in 2012. It nested within the clade Lanthanosuchoidea, a poorly known group that includes the parareptiles "Acleistorhinus" and "Lanthanosuchus". "Feeserpeton" was found to be a basal member of this group, the sister taxon of a clade including "Acleistorhinus" and "Lanthanosuchus". Features that place "Feeserpeton" within Lanthanosuchoidea include a ridge on the frontal bone above the eye socket, a plate-like supraoccipital bone with a saggital crest on the braincase, and a notch midway along the margin of the back of the skull. "Feeserpeton" is the oldest member of the clade. Below is a cladogram from the analysis showing the position of "Feeserpeton":

</doc>
<doc id="36851552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851552" title="Mudhar Club (handball)">
Mudhar Club (handball)

Mudhar H.C (Arabic: نادي مضر السعودي لكرة اليد, English: Mudhar Handball Club) is a Saudi Arabian handball team based in Al-Qudaih, that plays in Prince Faisal bin Fahad Saudi Handball League.

</doc>
<doc id="36851561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851561" title="Diandongosuchus">
Diandongosuchus

Diandongosuchus is an extinct genus of poposauroid pseudosuchian from the Middle Triassic of China. The type species Diandongosuchus fuyuanensis was named in 2012 from the Falang Formation of Yunnan Province. It is a marine species of pseudosuchian that shows similarities with another Chinese Triassic species called "Qianosuchus mixtus", although it has fewer adaptations toward marine life. It is the basal-most member of the clade Poposauroidea.
Description.
"Diandongosuchus" is known from a nearly complete articulated skeleton (ZMNH M8770) missing most of the tail. The total length of ZMNH M8770 is and the estimated body length of the animal in life is around . The specimen is preserved on its right side, with the underside of the lower jaws and the trunk showing. It was prepared out of a limestone slab to reveal details on the left side of the skeleton, many of which are better preserved. The skull of "Diandongosuchus" is pointed, with oval-shaped eye sockets, antorbital and temporal openings. Distinctive features include a long premaxilla bone at the tip of the snout that extends backward past the nostril openings, a large ridge on the jugal bone that runs beneath the eye socket, and two supratemporal openings on the skull table that have prominent ridges surrounding them. The skull has similar proportions to that of "Qianosuchus", and has the same number of teeth in the premaxilla. Like the terrestrial poposauroid "Poposaurus", "Diandongosuchus" has a maxilla (upper jaw) bone that does not reach the border of the nostril opening.
ZMNH M8770 has 25 vertebrae in the back and neck, two sacral vertebrae (as in most Triassic pseudosuchians), and seven of the forward-most tail vertebrae. The neck vertebrae are taller and narrower than they are in "Qianosuchus". Most of the back vertebrae are obscured by overlying ribs. At the back of the trunk near the hips are bones belonging to small vertebrates such as fish - likely the stomach contents of the individual. Small overlapping osteoderms (bony scutes) overlay many of the vertebrae. Two rows run along the neck, back, and tail with about two osteoderms overlaying each vertebra. Small osteoderms also cover the limb bones.
Some features of the limbs, pelvic and pectoral girdles are also diagnostic in "Diandongosuchus", including a thick ischium bone in the hip, an opening of the coracoid bone in the pectoral girdle that is much larger than those of other archosaurs and is closed by the end of the scapula, and a fourth metatarsal bone in the foot that is longer than the other metatarsals. The scapula of "Diandongosuchus" is longer and narrower than that of "Qianosuchus". The iliac blade of the hip is unusual in that it is narrow and projects far back from the rest of the hip. As in "Qianosuchus", the femur of "Diandongosuchus" is slightly twisted, but the fibula is thinner and more curved. The astragalus and calcaneum bones of the ankle fit together like a ball-and-socket, a feature that confirms "Diandongosuchus" as a pseudosuchian. Some of the phalanges or toe bones are missing in ZMNH M8770, but the metatarsals are present and have unique proportions among Triassic archosaurs in which the fourth is longer than the third.
Phylogeny.
A phylogenetic analysis conducted by Li "et al." (2012) in the original description of "Diandongosuchus" showed that it was the most basal member of a clade called Poposauroidea, which includes mostly terrestrial pseudosuchians such as the bipedal "Poposaurus" and the sail-backed "Arizonasaurus". It was found to be closely related to "Qianosuchus", an aquatic pseudosuchian that was the second most basal member of Poposauroidea. The data matrix of Li "et al.", a list of characteristics that was used in the analysis, was based on that of Nesbitt (2011), one of the most extensive on archosaurs. Because of this, many of the relationships found by Li "et al." are the same as those found by Nesbitt. Below is a cladogram from the analysis:
Paleobiology.
"Diandongosuchus" was found in a Ladinian-age marine limestone formation that has preserved many marine reptiles including thallatosaurs, nothosaurs, pistosaurs, and some protorosaurs. The closely related pseudosuchian "Qianosuchus" was found in a marine deposit about northwest of the "Diandongosuchus" locality that is slightly older (Anisian in age) and possesses many features consistent with a marine lifestyle. However, "Diandongosuchus" shows no features that are clear adaptations to a marine lifestyle. Possible adaptations include nostrils that are positioned slightly farther back on the skull than most terrestrial pseudosuchians and a greater number of premaxillary teeth (a feature seen in possible semiaquatic archosaurs such as "Chanaresuchus" and spinosaurids). Fish bones within its stomach contents are additional evidence that it was a marine archosaur. "Diandongosuchus" may have had a similar lifestyle to modern marine crocodylians like the saltwater crocodile that live along coastlines yet are not fully marine.
The fossil assemblage in which "Diandongosuchus" was found bears many similarities to that of European fossil localities such as Monte San Giorgio. Both include marine reptiles like thallatosaurs and nothosaurs and probably represented environments along the northern shorelines of the Tethys Ocean. No marine archosaurs like "Diandongosuchus" and "Qianosuchus" are known from Europe, although the pseudosuchian "Ticinosuchus" from Monte San Giorgio was probably adapted to life along the shorelines of the Tethys. In the analyses of Li "et al." (2012) and Nesbitt (2011), "Ticinosuchus" is either the most basal member of a clade called Loricata which is the sister taxon of Poposauroidea, or the sister taxon of Paracrocodylomorpha which includes both Loricata and Poposauroidea. Thus, "Ticinosuchus" and "Diandongosuchus" are the basal-most members of two closely related clades and probably shared a very recent common ancestor in the earlier Triassic.

</doc>
<doc id="36851570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851570" title="Anningasaura">
Anningasaura

Anningasaura is an extinct genus of basal plesiosaur. It is known from a single type species, A. lymense, discovered in Early Jurassic rocks of Lyme Regis in the United Kingdom.
Discovery.
"Anningasaura" is known only from the holotype specimen NHMUK 49202, which consists of a complete skull, palate, and mandible, with eight associated cervical vertebrae, including the atlas-axis complex. The partial skeleton came from a juvenile plesiosaur. It was originally referred to ""Plesiosaurus" macrocephalus" by Charles William Andrews in 1896, which is otherwise known only from the very young type specimen NHMUK OR1336. NHMUK 49202 was collected at Lyme Regis, of Dorset, from the Hettangian to early Sinemurian-aged beds of the Lower Lias Group.
Description.
NHMUK 49202 possesses plesiomorphic characters, including premaxillae that do not separate the frontals on the midline, narrow cranioquadrate passages and the lack of a constricting groove around the occipital condyle. It also shows several autapomorphies not observed in other plesiosaurians. Its posteromedial processes of the premaxillae (or possible anterior portion of the frontal) forming a dorsoventrally thick, mediolaterally expanded platform and its cultriform process of the parasphenoid is wider mediolaterally than the combined posterior interpterygoid vacuities. It also has two closely spaced foramina in the lateral surface of the exoccipital. Additional autapomorphies are the presence of supplementary foramen penetrating the parietal sagittal crest, the absence of a pterygoid-vomerine contact and the absence of a contact between the pterygoids in palatal aspect. A phylogenetic analysis performed by Benson "et al." (2012) found it to be a basal, non-neoplesiosaurian, plesiosaur. The cladogram below shows "Anningasaura" phylogenetic position among other plesiosaurs following Benson "et al." (2012).
Etymology.
"Anningasaura" was first described and named by Peggy Vincent and Roger B. J. Benson in 2012 and the type species is "Anningasaura lymense". The generic name honors Mary Anning, a British fossil collector who became known around the world for finds she made in the Jurassic marine fossil beds at Lyme Regis in Dorset. The specific name is derived from the name of the Lyme Regis locality where the only known specimen was collected.

</doc>
<doc id="36851572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851572" title="Charles Fairlie Dobbs">
Charles Fairlie Dobbs

Colonel Charles Fairlie Dobbs CIE CBE DSO (1 July 1872 – 27 December 1936) was a British Indian Army officer.
Dobbs was the son of Colonel A. F. Dobbs, also of the Indian Army. He was educated at Bedford School and then obtained a commission in a militia battalion, the 4th Battalion, Royal Irish Rifles, in January 1891. He resigned his commission in March 1891 to attend the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and was commissioned second lieutenant into the Lancashire Fusiliers in June 1892. In October 1894 he transferred to the Indian Army and joined the 95th Russell's Infantry (later 94th Russell's Infantry). He was promoted captain in July 1901. He served in Aden from 1903 to 1904 and graduated from the Indian Staff College at Quetta in 1908. He was appointed brigade major in May 1909, actually promoted major in June 1910, and from July 1911 to June 1913 served as a brigade staff officer.
During the First World War, Dobbs served in the East Africa Campaign as assistant quartermaster-general, for which he was mentioned in despatches three times, promoted temporary lieutenant-colonel in November 1915 and brevet lieutenant-colonel in January 1916, and awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in February 1917 and the Russian Order of St Anna 3rd Class. Promoted substantive lieutenant-colonel in 1917, he took command of his regiment until 1921, commanding it with the Bushire Field Force in Persia in 1918–1919, for which he was again mentioned in despatches and appointed Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in January 1920, in the Third Anglo-Afghan War in 1919, for which he was mentioned for the fifth time and appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in August 1920, and in Mesopotamia in 1920. In October 1919 he was given the temporary rank of brigadier-general. He retired with the rank of colonel in October 1921.
Dobbs married Margaret Eleanor Jopp. They had one son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36851583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851583" title="Ruut Veenhoven">
Ruut Veenhoven

Ruut Veenhoven (born 1942) is a Dutch sociologist and a pioneer and world authority on the scientific study of happiness, in the sense of subjective enjoyment of life. His work on the social conditions for human happiness at Erasmus University Rotterdam in the Netherlands, has contributed to a renewed interest in happiness as an aim for public policy. He has shown that happiness can be used a reliable measure to assess progress in societies which was one of the sources of inspiration for the United Nations to adopt happiness measures as a holistic approach to development. 
Veenhoven is the founding director of the World Database of Happiness and a founding editor of the Journal of Happiness Studies. He has been described as "the godfather of happiness studies", and "a leading authority on worldwide levels of happiness from country to country", whose work "earned him international acclaim".
Biography.
Veenhoven was born in The Hague in the Netherlands in 1942. He graduated in 1962 from the Nederlands Lyceum in The Hague and received a masters degree in sociology (specializing in public management) from Erasmus University in Rotterdam (1969). Subsequently, he completed a PhD in the Social Sciences also at Erasmus, with a dissertation on "The Condition of Happiness". He was also registered as a social-sexologist (1994-2000). 
Between 1970 and 1990 Veenhoven was a leading advocate of abortion law reform and in promoting acceptance of voluntary childlessness in The Netherlands.
From 2001 until his retirement in 2007 he taught in Rotterdam as professor of 'Social conditions for human happiness', where he currently works in the Erasmus Happiness Economics Research Organization (Ehero). Since 1985 he has been director of the World Database of Happiness at Erasmus University Rotterdam. 
From 1995 until 2002 he was extraordinary professor of Humanism at the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands (Piet Thoenes chair).
In 1984 Veenhoven earned his doctorate on the dissertation ‘Conditions of Happiness’ that synthesized the results of 245 empirical studies on happiness. On that basis he developed the World Database of Happiness, which now covers 20,000 research findings taken from 3500 empirical investigations. Veenhoven is mentioned in the top 5% of authors in his field (December 2012).
Awards.
Isqols (International Society for Quality of Life Studies) has awarded Veenhoven several times:
Research on happiness.
His main research subject is happiness in the sense of subjective enjoyment of life. Worldwide he is seen as a pioneer in that field.

</doc>
<doc id="36851589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851589" title="Neisseria subflava">
Neisseria subflava

Neisseria subflava is a common inhabitant found in the human upper respiratory tract. It is considered non-pathogenic, although in rare case it can be the causative agent of postoperative meningitis (after a neurological surgery), which is called surgical site infection (SSI).

</doc>
<doc id="36851590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851590" title="Margit Nünke">
Margit Nünke

Margit Nünke (born 15 November 1930 in Stettin) was a German fashion model for cosmetics, actress and beauty queen. 
Margit Nünke became Miss Germany on 11 June 1955 after previously being Miss North Rhine-Westphalia. In 1956, she won the election for Miss Europe. When Miss Universe contest in 1955 in Long Beach (California), they reached the final and 4th place 
She appeared from 1957 to 1965 in nine feature films and two television movies, and from 1984 to 1985 in the TV series A class apart with. Margit Nünke was the female lead in several films and was a partner of Peter Alexander, Gerhard Riedmann, Cc Catch and Toni Sailer. 
As a singer, she recorded several singles, including a duet with Peter Garden the title each week, which has 7 days. 
In the movie mistress beast they also had the opportunity to put their dancing skills to the test. He plays in the circus milieu, and she embodies the role of Beatrix a dancer who has taken it into his head to act as a prey animal training in the same cage, and it eventually passes. 
Today Margit Nünke lives in Munich. 
Filmography 
1957: I fidanzati della morte 
1957: The skin down 
1959: guitars sound softly through the night 
1959: We are looking for killer X 
1959: Beloved Beast 
1959: Bobby Dodd intervenes 
1959: 12 girls and 1 man 
1960: My niece does not 
1960: The bold swimmer (TV) 
1964: Greetings from Tyrol 
1965: And before the wedding (TV) 
1984: A League of Their Own (TV)

</doc>
<doc id="36851592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851592" title="Wentang">
Wentang

Wentang may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="36851618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851618" title="Roy Ho Ten Soeng">
Roy Ho Ten Soeng

Kiem Ling Roy Ho Ten Soeng (born June 16, 1945) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He was the first immigrant mayor in the Netherlands.
Roy Ho Ten Soeng, who is of Chinese Surinamese descent, is originally a teacher and has worked in Suriname, Aruba and the Netherlands. First as a teacher and later as a history teacher in secondary schools in Zaanstad and Haarlem. 
In 1990, Ho Ten Soeng became Alderman in Alkmaar and on 1 January 2000 he became Mayor of Venhuizen. His congregation became involved in a merger process with the municipality Drechterland. He is very active in the field of volunteering. In this context, he also founded the Chinese Consultative Body, he is chairman of the Network Chinese Volunteers and is requested regularly in churches of the Moravians (EBG) as active pastor. Currently he is a "VNG Ambassador Safety" for North Holland.
Roy was from 1 December 2005 Acting Mayor of Medemblik. He held that position until the merger with Noorder-Koggenland and Wognum in 1 January 2007.
In 2008, Ho Ten Soeng was involved with the scouting of immigrant and female mayor candidates for the Dutch Ministry of the Interior.
In early 2011 he was on the 12th place on the list of candidates of 50PLUS for the Senate. For the 2012 general election he stands in sixth place on the list of candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="36851631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851631" title="Systems NMR">
Systems NMR

Systems NMR is a methodological approach for in vitro reconstruction of multicomponent biological systems. This approach is being developed at the Institute of Molecular Biology & Biophysics, ETH Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="36851636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851636" title="Drury Wray">
Drury Wray

Sir Drury Wray (1633–1710), was the 9th Wray Baronet, and third son of Sir Christopher Wray (1601–1646), by his wife Albinia Cecil, born on 29 July 1633.
Land owner.
Wray obtained in 1674 grants of land in the counties of Limerick and Tipperary, which he forfeited by his loyalty to James II, on whose side he fought at the Battle of the Boyne. He succeeded his nephew, Sir Baptist Edward Wray, as ninth baronet of Glentworth about 1689, and died on 30 Oct. 1710, leaving, with female issue by his wife Anne, daughter of Thomas Casey of Rathcannon, co. Limerick, two sons, both of whom died without issue after succeeding to the baronetcy, the younger, Sir Cecil Wray, the eleventh baronet, on 9 May 1736, having acquired by entail the Glentworth and other estates. The title and estates thus passed to Sir Drury Wray's grand-nephew, Sir John Wray, bart., of Sleningford, Yorkshire, father of Sir Cecil Wray.

</doc>
<doc id="36851644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851644" title="List of places of worship in Calgary">
List of places of worship in Calgary

There are many places of worship in Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="36851649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851649" title="Watershed district (Russia)">
Watershed district (Russia)

A watershed district in Russia is any of twenty groups of water bodies listed in the Water Code of Russian Federation. According to chapter 4, article 28 of the Russian Water Code, those are: Baltic Watershed District, Barents–Belomor Watershed District, Dvina–Pechora Watershed District, Dnepr Watershed District, Don Watershed District, Kuban Watershed District, Western Caspian Watershed District, Upper Volga Watershed District, Oka Watershed District, Kama Watershed District, Lower Volga Watershed District, Ural Watershed District, Upper Ob Watershed District, Irtysh Watershed District, Lower Ob Watershed District, Angara–Baikal Watershed District, Yenisey Watershed District, Lena Watershed District, Anadyr–Kolyma Watershed District and Amur Watershed District.

</doc>
<doc id="36851678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851678" title="1978 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix">
1978 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1978 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the second round of the 1978 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 16 April 1978 at the Circuito Permanente del Jarama.

</doc>
<doc id="36851680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851680" title="Geri Hoo">
Geri Hoo

Geraldine "Geri" Hoo Dwellers (1939 - Dec. 29, 2007) was an actress and beauty pageant contestant who was second runner up in the 1958 Miss Universe contest as a representative of Hawaii.
Hoo had a minor part in the 1962 film "Confessions of an Opium Eater".

</doc>
<doc id="36851686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851686" title="Vincenzo Baviera">
Vincenzo Baviera

Vincenzo Baviera (born 28 July 1945) is a Swiss sculptor. He started his architectural studies at ETH Zurich, and he later stuied social psychology and ethnology at the University of Zürich. He became the professor of sculpture at the Art School of Offenbach am Main in 1984. Four years later, he was awarded with the Kainz Prize Medals. He was the lecturer of the ETH Zürich from 1991 to 1995 and he had an artistic living room in Guernsey.
Exhibitions.
He showed work at the 2010 Stuelingen Street Art exhibition. 

</doc>
<doc id="36851689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851689" title="Ferrari Virtual Academy">
Ferrari Virtual Academy

Ferrari Virtual Academy (or FVA) is a sim racing video game for Microsoft Windows developed by Kunos Simulazioni and released in September 2010. The simulation allows the player to drive a Ferrari against the clock at a race track. There are no other vehicles to race against in real time. 
The initial release offered only the Fiorano test track and the Ferrari F10 Formula One car. Purchase of the 'Adrenaline Pack' upgrade released in November 2011 added the Mugello and Nürburgring race circuits as well as the Ferrari 150° Italia Formula One car of the 2011 season and the Ferrari 458 sports car. 
The game offers two modes: Free Practice in which driving aids such as traction control, assisted braking, visible driving line and automatic transmission are permitted and the player can decide how much fuel should be in the car; and Hot Lap mode in which no driving aids are allowed, the fuel amount is fixed and reset each lap. Times set in Hot Lap mode are entered into an online leaderboard. 

</doc>
<doc id="36851699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851699" title="Rebecca Evans (politician)">
Rebecca Evans (politician)

Rebecca Mary Evans (born 2 August 1976) is a Welsh Labour politician. Since 2011, she has served as one of the four regional Assembly Members representing Mid and West Wales in the National Assembly for Wales.
Early life.
Rebecca studied a BA in History at the University of Leeds writing her dissertation on the American Civil Rights Movement. She then attended Sidney Sussex College at the University of Cambridge where she received a Master of Philosophy Degree for her thesis "The Time for Waiting is Gone: Lyndon Johnson and the Voting Rights Act of 1965".
Career before election.
She worked as Policy and Public Affairs Officer for a national charity representing disabled people and their families. Working on behalf of disabled people and their families remains a priority for Rebecca in the Assembly. Rebecca is also a former Welsh Labour Organiser for Mid and West Wales, and a former Senior Researcher and Communications Officer for an Assembly Member.
Assembly work.
She sits on the Assembly’s Heath and Social Care Committee and Children and Young People Committee. She is Chair of the Assembly’s Cross Party Group on Disability and Cross Party Group on Nursing and Midwifery, and Vice-Chair of the Cross Party Group on Autism, Cross Party Group on Faith, and Cross Party Group on Beer and the Pub. She is also a sponsor of the Cross Party Groups on Cancer, Neurological Conditions, Rural Affairs and Community Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="36851707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851707" title="Land of Hope">
Land of Hope


</doc>
<doc id="36851709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851709" title="126th Aviation Regiment">
126th Aviation Regiment

The 126th Aviation Regiment ("Bosox") is a unit of the Massachusetts Army National Guard 3rd Battalion. Its Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment is located on Camp Edwards, which is part of the Massachusetts Military Reservation in Bourne, Massachusetts.
From 1963 the 26th Aviation Battalion had been associated with the 26th Infantry Division. A company of the battalion was established in Florida as part of the Florida Army National Guard. Changes to the regimental system in the late 1980s led to the superseding of the battalion by a regiment, itself part of the 26th Aviation Brigade, still part of the 26th Infantry Division.
The 126th Aviation (Regiment) was constituted 1 October 1987 in the Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island Army National Guard as the 126th Aviation, a parent regiment under the United States Army Regimental System; concurrently organized from existing units to consist of the 1st Battalion and Companies D, E, and F, elements of the 26th Infantry Division, and Company G. 
In the mid-late 1980s the 26th Aviation Brigade was reported to consist of: 
a) 1 - 110th Cavalry Squadron - MA NG
b) 1 -126th Attack Helicopter Battalion - RI NG
c) 3 -126th Aviation Battalion - MA NG
The 126th Aviation Regiment was Reorganized 1 September 1990 in the Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont Army National Guard to consist of the 1st and 2d Battalions and Company F, elements of the 26th Infantry Division, and Company G. Reorganized 1 September 1993 to consist of the 1st Battalion, Company F, and the 2d Battalion, an element of the 42d Infantry Division. 
The 1st Battalion, 126th Aviation, is now part of the 56th Troop Command, Rhode Island Army National Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="36851711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851711" title="Dinacharya">
Dinacharya

Dinacharya (Sanskrit: दिनचर्या "daily-routine") is a concept in Ayurvedic medicine that looks at the cycles of nature and bases daily activities around these cycles. Ayurveda contends that routines help establish balance and that understanding daily cycles are useful for promoting health. Dinacharya says that each day two cycles of change occur, that correlate with the Ayurvedic concept of dosha. Routines covered by dinacharya include: waking time, elimination, hygiene, massage, exercise, bathing, meditation and prayer, meals, study, work, relaxation and sleeping.

</doc>
<doc id="36851714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851714" title="Alrutheus Ambush Taylor">
Alrutheus Ambush Taylor

Alrutheus Ambush Taylor (1893-1955) was an African-American historian from Washington D.C.. He was a specialist in the history of blacks and segregation, especially during the Reconstruction. "The Crisis" cited him as a "painstaking scholar and authority on Negro history". A teacher at Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama and at the West Virginia Collegiate Institute in West Virginia, following a grant from the Laura Spelman Rockefeller Memorial Fund, Taylor began heavily researching the role of African Americans in the South during Reconstruction. He authored books such as "The Negro in South Carolina During the Reconstruction", "The Negro in the Reconstruction of Virginia" and "The Negro in Tennessee, 1865-1880" in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="36851727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851727" title="Korean pop idol">
Korean pop idol

A K-pop idol, or Korean pop idol, is a popular K-pop celebrity who has trained hard for many years after having passed various stages of auditions held by South Korean talent agencies such as SM Entertainment, YG Entertainment and JYP Entertainment. According to "The Vancouver Observer", the stereotypical K-pop idol is "incredibly young, good-looking, and able to carry a melodramatic note."
Characteristics.
Training system.
According to ABC News, every week hundreds of "wannabe stars" turn up at global auditions held by SM Entertainment to sing and dance for a chance at K-pop stardom. Those who successfully go through a few rounds of audition will have the chance to sign long term contracts and enter a training programme that lasts for years. The journey to stardom often starts around age 9 or 10, when tightly supervised trainees begin dance and voice classes at night and live together while attending school. The cost of discovering and training one member from the K-pop idol group Girls' Generation amounted to a total of 3 billion won (US$2.6 million). 
Besides attending regular classes, trainees spend many hours a day learning music, dance and sometimes foreign languages including Japanese and English, because K-pop music is often produced for overseas export. Many trainees prefer to drop out of school in order to devote their time and energy to achieve their goal of becoming a K-pop idol.
Reported earnings.
Some of the highest earning K-pop idols receive an annual income of a million US Dollars from royalties alone. Other sources of income include sponsorship deals, endorsements and concerts. According to "The Korea Times", once a K-pop music video attracts more than a million views, it will "generate a meaningful revenue big enough to dole out profits to members of a K-pop group.
Effects on sasaeng fans.
To some outside the fan community, it may seem irrational for sasaeng fans to stalk their idols when they can just see them in concerts. However, during public appearances like in concerts, "K-pop idols" are usually surrounded by their managers who will do almost everything to stop fans from getting too close. Also competition is high as the idols tend to be surrounded by hundreds, or in some cases, thousands of sasaeng fans, and the chance of a private interaction with their idol is extremely low. However, after these public appearances, opportunities will start to present itself as fans disperse and the idols' managers take a break. According to the South Korean web portal Nate, even celebrities have to pull over at one on a five hour, long distance route. At this point the sasaeng fans will then be able to bombard their favourite "K-pop idols" with gifts and exchange a few words with them, with almost no restrictions and no competition from other sasaeng fans.
According to "The Seattle Times", during a K-pop concert at the DAR Constitution Hall in Washington, D.C., "teens swarm against the stage", holding their cellphone cameras "aloft, ready to fire", and describes how in nervous anticipation, a fan girl "squeals, unleashing a torrent of Oh, my Gods! and a wave of synchronized bouncing" and shouting "You're so freaky sexy!" The atmosphere is feverish, and heavy with hormones. The fans – mostly teenagers, almost entirely girls – brandish camera phones with furious focus, and modulate the intensity of their shrieks as each boy-singer appears onstage.
Recognition.
Due to the massive amount of support from their fans, K-pop idols are beginning to receive considerable media attention. For example, the BBC wrote that "Korean stars are beating a path to Japan, America and Europe".
In the past few years, K-pop has shown a creeping global influence ever since Korean films, soap operas and "K-pop" music idols took Asia by storm over the past decade. But the hallyu – or “Korean wave” as the phenomenon is known in Asia – is now spreading to continental Europe, the United States and the United Kingdom. Social media platforms like YouTube and Twitter have become crucial tools for K-pop idols to reach audiences in the West.
Usage of the term.
The English language state-controlled newspaper "China Daily" calls Super Junior and Miss A "South Korean pop idols" and the "Borneo Post" calls Bigbang a "K-pop idol".
"The Wall Street Journal" also acknowledges Danny Im as a "former K-pop idol". and "The Seattle Times" published an article with the headline "American teenager with illness meets K-pop idols".

</doc>
<doc id="36851734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851734" title="Erotokritos Damarlis">
Erotokritos Damarlis

Erotokritos Damarlis (; born on 13 May 1992 in Thessaloniki, Greece), is a midfielder currently playing in the Greek Superleague for Aris.
Club career.
Aris.
He started his career in youth teams of Aris Thessaloniki. In 2012, new head coach Makis Katsavakis promoted him to the first team, and he made his professional debut on 26 August 2012, in a Supeleague game against Panionios.

</doc>
<doc id="36851757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851757" title="Pratesh Shirodkar">
Pratesh Shirodkar

Pratesh Shirodkar (born 19 February 1989 in Calangute, Goa) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I-League.
Career.
Sporting Goa.
After spending his youth career with SESA Football Academy in Goa Pratesh signed for Sporting Clube de Goa of the I-League on 29 June 2012. Pratesh scored his first goal for the club on 28 August 2012 against ONGC in the 2012 Durand Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36851779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851779" title="Iolaus kelle">
Iolaus kelle

Iolaus kelle is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36851787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851787" title="Iolaus laon">
Iolaus laon

Iolaus laon, the Fine Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests and disturbed areas such as cocoa plantations.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus". They are mole-coloured.

</doc>
<doc id="36851795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851795" title="Ljubljana Marshes">
Ljubljana Marshes

The Ljubljana Marshes (), located south of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia, is the largest marsh in the country. It covers or 0.8% of the Slovene territory. It is administered by the municipalities of Borovnica, Brezovica, Ljubljana, Ig, Log–Dragomer, Škofljica, and Vrhnika.
Biodiversity.
The Ljubljana Marshes is a place of great biodiversity. Since 2008, the major part of the Ljubljana Marshes, covering an area of , has been protected as a landscape park. The most preserved parts had been already before protected as nature reserves and as natural monuments. 
Hamlets.
The marshland includes a number of hamlets that belong to the city of Ljubljana: Ilovica, Volar, Pri Strahu, Pri Maranzu, Kožuh, and Havptmance (from north to south). Ilovica was settled relatively late, starting in 1838, and had only six farms by 1860. Volar lies between the Iščica and Ljubljanica rivers and was settled after 1830, when it was also officially designated "Karolinska zemlja" (), literally 'Caroline's land', in honor of Caroline Augusta of Bavaria. Kožuh lies further south, and Havptmance east of Kožuh. Havptmance was already mentioned as a place in the 18th century and was settled in the 1870s, when peat extraction was a major economic activity. The name "Havptmance" probably refers to the fact that the provincial governor () had his hunting grounds in the area.
Archaeological finds.
The prehistoric pile dwellings and the oldest wooden wheel in the world are among the most notable archeological findings from the Ljubljana Marches. Since 2011, the area of pile dwellings near Ig has been protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Recreational and tourist site.
The Ljubljana Marshes is very popular among balloonists. 
On 23 August 2012, a pilot without a valid pilot certificate caused the 2012 balloon crash which occurred on the Ljubljana Marshes, with several people dead and a number of passengers severely burned and injured. New, stricter protocol for pilots was introduced by the authorities to make balloon trips safe.

</doc>
<doc id="36851816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851816" title="Blas Jiménez">
Blas Jiménez

Blas R. Jiménez (Aug 2, 1949 - Nov 13, 2009) was a Dominican black nationalist, poet and essayist of African descent. He is considered to have been " foremost among those poets claiming an African identity contrary to ethnic classification norms in the Dominican Republic."
Personal Data.
Blas married Dulce María Guzmán with whom he had three children: Iván, Isis y Alan. He was survived also by his brother, Rafael Jiménez.
Public Activism.
He was very active in increasing cultural tourism in the country and is considered an Afro-Dominican cultural icon in his nation. He spent a number of years in the United States and was once involved in a dispute with a passport official who told him to write "Dark Indian" and he insisted that he was black.
Awards.
In 2004 he was awarded the title of Professor Emeritus by the Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra.
Diplomat and Government Work.
From 2000 to 2003 Blas was Secretary General of the Dominican Commission for Unesco.

</doc>
<doc id="36851817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851817" title="Bhanjpur">
Bhanjpur

Bhanjpur is a place in Baripada city situated in Mayurbhanj district of Orissa, India.
It is named after Bhanja Dynasty, who ruled here at Mayurbhanj for a long period.
After Ratha Yatra, Jagadhatri Mela at Bhanjpur is the biggest mela of Baripada. It is the festival of Maa Jagadhatri, Goddess of the whole World. There is a 7–10 days mela(carnival) known as mini Bali Yatra called after Cuttack's Bali Yatra (due to simultaneous observation during Ras Purnima) takes place at Jagadhatri Mela Podia, Bhanjpur near Bhanjpur Railway Station during October–November. It is celebrated on Gosthastami. This year, 2012 it will be observed on 21 November.

</doc>
<doc id="36851821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851821" title="Terras do Desembargador">
Terras do Desembargador

Terras do Desembargador was a football dirt field in Lisbon, Portugal. It hosted football matches for Sport Lisboa.
In 1903, football was a growing sport, and Terras do Desembargador was Lisbon's main field for playing football. 
It had no fences and bystanders can freely enter the field and disrupt match. When a ball was lost to outside the field it was difficult to recover it because of the open spaces. Inconveniently it was also shared with the Portuguese Army who used it as an exercise field, so it would often be completely destroyed after a set of exercises.
It was in this field that a group a friends after a match decided to create Sport Lisboa. 6 friendlies were played, Sport Lisboa won 5, lost 1, scored 13 goals and conceced 2.
Benfica left in 1907 for Campo da Feiteira, seeking more privacy and exclusively of their own field. 

</doc>
<doc id="36851826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851826" title="2006 Arizona Wildcats football team">
2006 Arizona Wildcats football team

The 2006 Arizona Wildcats football team represented the University of Arizona during the 2006 college football season. They were coached by Mike Stoops.
Season summary.
Washington State.
ESPN.com

</doc>
<doc id="36851836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851836" title="AFC DWS">
AFC DWS

Amsterdamsche Football Club Door Wilskracht Sterk (), also referred to as AFC DWS, Door Wilskracht Sterk or simply DWS is a Dutch football club from Amsterdam, currently competing in the Vierde Klasse (), the sixth tier of amateur football in the Netherlands.
History.
AFC DWS was founded on 11 October 1907, by the trio of Robert Beijerbacht, Theo Beijerbacht and Jansen van Galen under the name of Fortuna which was soon changed to Hercules. The team played in a blue and white striped shirt and white shorts. On 22 March 1909 the name was changed to DWS and the shirt colours became blue and black vertical stripes.
In 1954 the club entered professional football, playing its home matches in the Olympic Stadium in Amsterdam. DWS became champions of the Eredivisie in 1964, the same year they were promoted from the Eerste Divisie, which is a feat that has never been repeated since from any team after being promoted to the Eredivisie, AFC DWS then reached the quarter finals of the 1964–65 European Cup, in the next season. 
In 1972 the club merged with Blauw-Wit Amsterdam and Volewijckers to form FC Amsterdam. DWS continued as an amateur club, which still exists today. They celebrated their 100 year Jubilee in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36851847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851847" title="DWS">
DWS

DWS can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36851850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851850" title="Wang Chen (Three Kingdoms)">
Wang Chen (Three Kingdoms)

Wang Chen (王沈) (? – 266) is a politician, official, military general, and historian of
Cao Wei of the Chinese history. 
He is a grandson of Wan Rou (王柔). 
His father is Wang Ji(王機) (Administrator (太守) of Dong commandery (東郡)).
He was a cousin of Wang Chang (王昶) (? – 259) and 
the father of Wang Jun (王浚) (252–314).
Life.
Being fond of reading books, his literary skill was outstanding. He was orphaned at an early age and so was raised by his uncle Wang Chang (王昶) who treated him as a son. 
As Wang Chen had close relationships with Cao Shuang's associates, he became
中書門下侍郎---Office of Chancellors (中書門下, Zhongshu Menxia) Vice Minister (侍郎).
After Cao Shuang's associates were executed, he was dismissed from his office, however later he became Imperial Clerk Preparer of Documents (治書侍御史),
the director of the archival bureau (秘書監, Mishu Jian).
After Cao Mao became the Emperor, Cao Mao used to call Wang Chen as the Teacher of Books (文籍先生).
He was promoted to Attendant of Scattered Cavalry (散騎常侍) and Palace Attendant (侍中).
Cao Mao loved to have talks with Sima Wang (205–271), Pei Xiu (裴秀: 224 – 271),
Zhong Hui (225–264) and Wang Chen at the Palace of (東御殿).
At those days, Wang Chen compile a history book named Book of Wei (魏書)
in company with Xun Yi (荀顗) and Ruan Ji (阮籍). However it is said that
his book was affected by the contemporary situations and that it received lower value
than the Records of Three Kingdoms.
Liu Zhiji (661–721) said, at the part of 曲筆篇 in his history book Shitong (史通),
that Wang Chen should be accused of having written flattering accounts to his superiors,
and that Wang Chen, along with Chen Shou (233–297) of Records of Three Kingdoms,
who asked bribery in return for inclusion of someone's biography in his book, 
must be blamed as "enemies of history records, masters of ghostwritings",
and even further said that nobody would not care even when
their books were thrown to the mouths of tigers (豺虎).
In 260, enraged at the Sima Zhao's abusing his authority, Emperor Cao Mao
made a plan to attack in person Sima Zhao, and asked the advices of Wang Chen and Wang Ye (王業) and
Wang Jing (王經). For this, as Wang Chen and Wang Ye went to
Sima Zhao and leaked Cao Mao's plan, Sima Zhao could make preparations.
Cao Mao took lead of the imperial guards, armed himself with a sword, and set out toward Sima Zhao's mansion. Cao Mao was killed by one of the officers under Jia Chong's command, Cheng Ji (成濟).
Wang Chen's behavious during this incident were criticized of being unloyal to his emperor. Later, he became
Afterwards, he became 征虜将軍・持節・都督江北諸軍事・博陵侯.
In 266, when Sima Yan ascended the throne, Wang Chen became 御史大夫, 守尚書令, 給事中. 
Sima Yan owed his becoming emperor heavily to the works of Yang Hu (221–278)
and Xun Xu (荀勗: ? – 289), Pei Xiu (裴秀: 224 – 271), Jia Chong (217–282) and Wang Chen.
In 266, Wang Chen died.

</doc>
<doc id="36851878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851878" title="Juan Flores (disambiguation)">
Juan Flores (disambiguation)

Juan Flores (c. 1834–1857), was a Californio bandit.
Juan Flores may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36851879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851879" title="Christopher Wren, Jr.">
Christopher Wren, Jr.

Christopher Wren (1675–1747), was a Member of Parliament, and the son of the architect Sir Christopher Wren and his first wife, Faith Coghill, daughter of Sir John Coghill of Bletchingdon. He was educated at Eton and Pembroke Hall, Cambridge, which he entered in 1691, but left without a degree. In the year 1710, he laid the last stone of the lantern which surmounts the dome of St Paul's Cathedral, in the presence of his father.
Member of Parliament.
He represented Windsor British general election in 1713 and Parliament during the periods of 1713–15 and Officially Return as Member. of Parliament by 29, 37.
Articles.
His collected documents which form Parentalia has published by his son Stephen in 1750, its dedicated to Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons (United Kingdom).Two letters written to him by Sir Christopher while he was quite a youth, has printed as Miss Phillimore s Life (pp. 282, 302),that shows their relations to one another were of an affectionate character.The younger Christopher was also a Numismatist of some repute (Hearne, Collections, ed. Doble, ii. 264), and he published Numismatum Antiquorum Sylloge (London, 4to)in 1708
Personal.
His first wife was Mary, daughter of Philip Musard, jeweler of Queen Anne. His second wife, Constance, daughter of Sir Thomas Middleton, and widow of Sir Roger Burgoyne, Bart.,had died on 23 May 1734 (Gent. Mag. 1734, p. 275). Christopher died on 24 Aug. 1747 (Gent. Mag. 1747, p. 447; Letters of Eminent Lit. Men, Camden Soc. p. 346).His portrait, engraved by Faber, forms the frontispiece of the ‘Parentalia.’

</doc>
<doc id="36851903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851903" title="1994 Star World Championships">
1994 Star World Championships

The 1994 Star World Championships were held in San Diego, United States between September 7 and 18, 1994. The hosting yacht club was San Diego Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36851905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851905" title="John M. Drew">
John M. Drew

John M. Drew (born May 31, 1973) is the Tax Collector of Nassau County, Florida. Drew was first appointed Tax Collector by Governor Jeb Bush in May 2006. He was elected to the office later that year and ran unopposed in 2008 and 2012.
Drew worked to help found Micah's place, a facility in Nassau County for families who are victims of domestic violence, and until the establishment of Micah's place, had nowhere to go. He went on to serve seven years on their Board. In 2011, Drew was elected to serve as President of the Florida Tax Collectors Association, a statewide organization that collectively collects and distributes approximately 30 billion dollars annually. For the State of Florida, Drew has served as chairman of the Driver License Coalition, the Hunting & Fishing Coalition, the Education Committee as well as chaired the Long Range and Strategic Planning Committee. On a national level, Drew is a member of the Legislative Committee of the National Association of County Treasurers, an affiliate of the only national organization that represents county governments in the United States. He served as the campaign manager for Florida State Senator Aaron Bean.
A lifelong resident of Nassau County, Drew earned his Bachelors and MBA degrees from Jacksonville University, where he was recognized as a Distinguished Alumnus. He is the only Honorary Member of both the Fraternal Order of Police and the International Association of Fire Fighters in Nassau County.

</doc>
<doc id="36851910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851910" title="Lippmaa">
Lippmaa

Lippmaa is a surname of Estonian origin and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36851911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851911" title="CBH class">
CBH class

The CBH class is a class of diesel-electric freight locomotives designed and manufactured in the United States by MotivePower in Boise, Idaho for Western Australian grain growers' co-operative CBH Group.
The CBH class was ordered to haul grain trains on the open access rail network in the south of Western Australia. The trains, operated for CBH by Watco WA Rail under a long-term contract, link various CBH grain collection points in the wheatbelt with CBH terminal and port facilities in Albany, Geraldton and Kwinana.
The 22 members of the CBH class are divided into three sub-classes, based on differences in power output, traction motors and rail gauge. The first two entered service in June 2012, with all in service by January 2013. A further three are scheduled for delivery in 2015.
Background.
In early 2010, CBH Group called tenders for the first time for the transport of grain by rail. CBH's decision to go to tender was influenced by greater competition. An aim of the tender process was the development of a new and long-term arrangement for above-rail operations that would deliver a more efficient, effective grain transport and logistics service to CBH's grower members and their customers.
Prior to releasing the tender documents, CBH carried out extensive preliminary work to identify potential rail providers around the world, and to ensure the terms of its proposed new long term partnership would provide all parties with both the flexibility and certainty to make the necessary investment.
Tenders closed in June 2010 with bids lodged by rail operators from Australia and around the world including Asciano and the incumbent Australian Railroad Group. In December 2010 CBH awarded a long-term grain rail contract to Watco WA Rail. CBH also announced that it planned to invest up to $175 million in rolling stock as part of its decision to enter into the contract.
The 10-year agreement between CBH and Watco commenced in March 2012, and involves Watco's providing a comprehensive rail logistics planning service including train planning and scheduling, tracking, maintenance, inventory control and crew management. Watco operate and maintain the 22 locomotives and 574 wagons acquired by CBH.
In April 2011, CBH contracted MotivePower to build 22 CBH class locomotives, with the first to be delivered in March 2012. According to CBH Operations General Manager, Colin Tutt, ""Having new equipment with more horsepower enable [CBH to optimise train lengths and journey times, and transport more grain to port by rail.""
Six companies from around the world lodged bids to manufacture the CBH class. CBH concluded that MotivePower's proposed locomotives would be the best option for the task of moving grain on Western Australian rail lines, as well as having good fuel economy. As Australia's railways have different regulations from those of the USA, the CBH class locomotives would be of an entirely new design. MotivePower's contract with CBH for the supply of those locomotives was the first of what MotivePower hoped would be many international contracts.
As compensation for late delivery of the original locomotives, CBH will receive a further three narrow gauge locomotives in 2015.
Specifications.
Common features.
All members of the CBH class are hood unit locomotives with a single cab at one end, and ride on three axle bogies (trucks) of C-C (Co'Co') wheel arrangement. Each is equipped with a Cummins QSK series prime mover.
The engine blocks for the prime movers were cast in Germany and sent to the Cummins engine plant in Daventry, England, for final machining and assembly. At the end of the manufacturing process, the prime movers were hot tested before being fitted to the locomotives in Boise. The engines meet US tier three emission standards.
CBH class locomotives also have dynamic brakes and the control equipment necessary for "top and tail" distributed power operation. Trains with a CBH class locomotive at each end are easier to load and unload than a conventionally hauled train, and thus more time efficient.
MP27CN.
The first eleven CBH class locomotives, road nos CBH001 to CBH011, are designated as type MP27CN (27 means 2,700 hp, C means three driven axles per bogie, and N means narrow gauge). These units are equipped with a Cummins V-16 QSK60 prime mover rated at , and ride on narrow gauge bogies fitted with six GE 761 traction motors.
MP33CN.
The next six units in the CBH class are designated as type MP33CN, with road numbers CBH012 to CBH017. They have a more powerful Cummins V-18 QSK78 prime mover rated at , but are otherwise identical to the MP27CNs.
MP33C.
The final five CBH class units are designated as type MP33C, and have road numbers CBH118 to CBH122. They are equipped with the same Cummins V-18 QSK78 prime mover as the MP33CN, but ride on (standard gauge) bogies fitted with EMD D78 traction motors.
Livery and naming.
All members of the CBH class are liveried in a CBH Group two-tone mid blue / light blue design. Numbering is in mid blue, striping and lettering is in white, and the solebars and handrails are picked out in white. Underframes are painted black, with black and white safety stripes on the headstocks and access steps picked out in yellow.
In June/July 2011, CBH held a competition for grain growers to nominate ""Iconic Western Australian"" names for the CBH class locomotives. According to the media release announcing the competition, the locomotives would be growers' locomotives, and CBH wanted to give them the opportunity of being a part of what CBH described as an historic moment. Around 350 entries were submitted; more than CBH ever expected.
The entries covered a broad spectrum of topics, including political figures, sporting legends, CBH and the grains industry history, flora, fauna, tourist locations and indigenous culture. However, a central theme was names taken from old rail sidings from around Western Australia. The winning names were "Yilliminning" entered by Andrew Borthwick; "Mooterdine" entered by Kelvin Price; and "Baandee" entered by Mark Smith.
Announcing the winning names, CBH Operations General Manager, Colin Tutt, said, ""We selected three grower entries and two CBH staff member entries from the submissions, the remainder of the fleet were named to fit the theme. Many of these old rail sidings are now abandoned; nevertheless they are an important part of the early rail expansion in WA.""
Service history.
The first two members of the CBH class, CBH001 "Yilliminning" and CBH002 "Mooterdine", entered service in mid-June 2012, shortly after arriving separately at Fremantle on their seven-week delivery journeys from the east coast of the USA. Their initial task was to take a 60 wagon train to Hyden for loading.
The class was officially launched at a ceremony at the CBH Metro Grain Centre in Forrestfield on 24 August 2012.
Class list.
By January 2013, all of the initial order of 22 CBH class locomotives had entered service, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36851917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851917" title="Cannock Chase Coalfield">
Cannock Chase Coalfield

Cannock Chase Coalfield is a coalfield in Staffordshire, England, lying directly under Cannock Chase. It forms a rough triangle between Brereton, Essington and Pelsall.
The Cannock Chase Coalfield lies just to the north of the South Staffordshire Coalfield, from which it is separated by the Bentley Fault. The seams under Cannock Chase are much deeper than those in South Staffordshire, being around near Rugeley, compared to around in South Staffordshire.
By 1890, the coalfield was producing 3 million tons of coal per year, and by 1933 this had risen to over 5 million tons.
The last working coal mine on Cannock Chase, Lea Hall Colliery in Rugeley, closed in 1990. Coal from the mine was taken directly by conveyor belt to power the adjacent Rugeley Power Station.

</doc>
<doc id="36851944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851944" title="Uskali Mäki">
Uskali Mäki

Uskali Mäki is an Academy Professor in the Department of Political and Economic Studies (Philosophy) at the University of Helsinki. He is also director of the "Trends and tensions in Intellectual Integration" centre, which was recently nominated "Finnish Centre of Excellence" in the Philosophy of the Social Sciences. Previous posts and roles have included his being a professor of Philosophy at the Erasmus University of Rotterdam where he directed the Erasmus Institute for Philosophy and Economics and his being the editor of the Journal of Economic Methodology. His main research interests lie in the methodology of economics and the philosophy of the sciences including social sciences with his approach typically being described as a "realist philosophy of economics".
Selected publications.
Mäki, U., Gustafsson, B., & Knudsen, C. (1993). Rationality, institutions, and economic methodology. London: Routledge.

</doc>
<doc id="36851946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851946" title="1995 Star World Championships">
1995 Star World Championships

The 1995 Star World Championships were held in Laredo, Spain between September 10 and 16, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36851950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851950" title="O Fósforo Eleitoral">
O Fósforo Eleitoral

O Fósforo Eleitoral ("The Election Match") is an early silent Brazilian film, released in 1909. A short comedy film, it was directed by Antonio Serra and released on November 2, 1909. It was shot in Rio de Janeiro, and produced by the company Labanca, Leal e Cia., in partnership with the Photo-Cinematographia Brasileira.
According to a review published by the "Jornal do Brasil" at the time of release, the film offered a witty but severe criticism of elections in Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36851953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851953" title="SKIP Peru">
SKIP Peru

SKIP (Supporting Kids in Peru).
SKIP is a UK founded NGO that has been active since 2003. The organization works in the city of Trujillo which is located on the north coast of Peru. Most of the work that the organization carries out is done in El Porvenir, an impoverished district of Trujillo. SKIP states that their vision is “A Peru where each child realizes his/her full potential through quality education, economically stable families and healthy home environments.” The organization promotes quality education and fosters the capacity of children and families to be the principal agents of change in their own lives. The organization works with families through programs focusing on the educational, economic, emotional and social development of each child and the parents. The annual income for SKIP in 2011 was 107,000 British pounds.
SKIP’s Methodology.
SKIP is made up of a team of volunteers from all over the world who work in departments focusing on education and on family welfare. SKIP believes in the global community's responsibility to promote universal quality education and eradicate poverty. “SKIP's international volunteer program forges links between El Porvenir and other countries, providing opportunities for international volunteers to see and understand the effects of poverty. The idea behind this intercultural exchange is to open 'windows to the world' for Peruvians and seeks to instill a new sense of community and responsibility among all”.
According to the authors of the article “Strategies to avoid the loss of developmental potential in more than 200 million children in the developing world”, "The most effective early child development programs provide direct learning experiences to children and families, are targeted toward younger and disadvantaged children, are of longer duration, high quality, and high intensity, and are integrated with family support, health, nutrition, or educational systems and services." SKIP’s educational and family support programs fit directly within this framework and SKIP’s continually improving results can be attributed to the organization’s commitment to working within this framework of a development program of long duration and high intensity.
Education Program.
Children of low income families are a particularly vulnerable population in Peru. 27% of all school age children in Peru are not enrolled in school. Additionally, Peru spends only 3.3% of its GDP on education compared to the Latin American average of 4.5%.4. SKIP’s education program aims to fill the gaps that exist in the public education system for students beginning at an early age. The World Bank recognizes that “One of the principal challenges in reducing poverty and accelerating development in Peru is improving the quality of education.”
According to the organization’s philosophy, “SKIP understands the complex factors and consequences of poverty and therefore employs a holistic approach focusing on four pillars of family development: education, economic stability, emotional well-being, and healthy and safe home environments.” SKIP also works towards the achievement of the 2nd and 3rd millennium goals proposed by the UN, which are that by 2015, children everywhere will be able to complete a full course of primary schooling and to eliminate gender disparity in primary and secondary education in all levels of education in no later than 2015.
SKIP places a high importance on participation of families and children in their programs and views high rates of participation as key to their holistic approach. Their rates of attendance have increased from around 15 percent in 2008 to 83 percent in 2011.
SKIP’s education program focuses on primary and secondary students and provides academic support in the form of Maths, Communication and English classes as well as workshops in other areas such as art and sport. There are about 300 students between the ages of four and eighteen currently enrolled in SKIP’s education program. SKIP states that their goal is to create “an exciting, stimulating and engaging school environment complete with learning structures and tools that promote sound intellectual development and sustained interest in learning.”
Family welfare programs.
SKIP's focus on education is fostered by the holistic work within the welfare programs, which include the whole family unit. The parents are the ones ultimately responsible for the upbringing of the children, and so SKIP recognizes the importance of working with them in the areas of economic development, social work, and psychology. “Poverty and associated health, nutrition, and social factors prevent at least 200 million children in developing countries from attaining their developmental potential." SKIP’s family welfare programs have the overarching goal of avoiding these risk factors that are directly related to poverty. The economic development team works with families in the form of microcredit loans and production workshops that serve as a form of secondary income for the families. In 2011, the microcredit program has seen a repayment rate of 99%. SKIP social workers provide workshops aimed at improving the social abilities of the parents and the psychology departments work with both children and parents in order to improve the families emotional well-being.

</doc>
<doc id="36851954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851954" title="Carmen Elena Figueroa">
Carmen Elena Figueroa

Carmen Elena Figueroa (born c. 1953) is an El Salvadoran beauty pageant winner and politician.
Figeroa was El Salvador's representative to the Miss Universe Pageant in 1975. She was elected to the El Salvador National Assembly in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36851957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851957" title="Molly Maid">
Molly Maid

Molly Maid is an international franchise with over 400 individual franchisees throughout the world. They are listed on the Franchise 500 List and one of America’s Top Global Franchises by Entrepreneur Magazine.
History.
Molly Maid was founded in Canada in 1979 by Adrienne and Chris Stringer The company was named after the character Molly Brown from the 1964 film The Unsinkable Molly Brown.
Today the company has over 400 active Franchises across the globe. Molly Maid expanded into the United States in 1984.
Areas of Business.
Molly Maid has expanded across Canada, the United Kingdom, Japan, Portugal, and the United States. The company performs more than two million home cleanings per year.
Corporate Governance/ Board of Directors.
Headquartered in Oakville, Ontario, the Chairman and CEO of Molly Maid is Jim MacKenzie.
Ms. Molly Foundation.
Ms. Molly Foundation, an anti-domestic violence foundation, began in 1996, collects money and goods for safe houses and shelters for victims of domestic violence.
Donation totals by year:

</doc>
<doc id="36851967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851967" title="Lewis Ossie Swingler">
Lewis Ossie Swingler

Lewis Ossie Swingler (c. 1905—September 25, 1962) was a pioneering African-American journalist, editor, and newspaper publisher from Crittenden County, Arkansas. He was editor of the "Memphis World" and editor in chief and copublisher of the "Tri-State Defender".
Early life.
Swingler was born in Crittenden County in 1905. He was raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he attended Booker T. Washington High School. Swingler went on to attend the University of Nebraska–Lincoln (UNL), where he graduated with a degree in journalism. While in college, Swingler helped organize the first chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha at UNL and edited the "Sphinx", a publication of that fraternity.
Career.
Directly after graduating, Swingler moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he was a pivotal figure in the establishment of the "Memphis World". He served as its editor from its founding in 1931 until he left in 1951 to start the "Tri-State Defender" with John H. Sengstacke. During this period Swingler also taught journalism at LeMoyne College.
Swingler used his position in Memphis's black community to advocate for civil rights. For instance, in 1948 Swingler and a number of other prominent black citizens of Memphis pressed the police department to hire African American officers as a way of reducing police brutality. This effort was ultimately successful. Swingler also joined an early voter registration group, Joseph Edison Walker's "Non-Partisan Voters Committee", in 1951.
In 1956, during the Montgomery Bus Boycott, Swingler was the southern vice president of Alpha Phi Alpha. After fellow Alpha Martin Luther King was indicted in Montgomery, Swingler was among a delegation which travelled there to support King.
Swingler died on September 25, 1962, in Mound Bayou, Mississippi, of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="36851968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851968" title="Jelly Taylor">
Jelly Taylor

Olan "Jelly" Taylor (July 7, 1910 – October, 1976) was an African-American baseball first baseman in the Negro Leagues. He played for the Cincinnati Tigers in 1934 and 1937 and the Memphis Red Sox from 1938 to 1942, and again in 1946. Taylor was selected to three East-West All-Star Games. He served in the United States Army during World War II. 

</doc>
<doc id="36851980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851980" title="1996 Star World Championships">
1996 Star World Championships

The 1996 Star World Championships were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil between January 9 and 21, 1996. The hosting yacht club was Iate Clube do Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36851981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851981" title="Scarred by Beauty">
Scarred by Beauty

Scarred by Beauty is a Danish hardcore band from Copenhagen, Denmark, formed in 2006.
The band released their first Demo in 2008 and in 2009 they released their "We Swim" EP, which propelled the band forward and won an award for Talent of the Year at Danish Metal Awards 2009. Scarred by Beauty released their self-financed debut album "Sutra" in June 2011.
Since 2009 Scarred by Beauty has become one of the most touring bands in Denmark, spending more and more time on the road each year.
The band has toured Europe several times, UK and China. The band has supported many internationally artists such as The Black Dahlia Murder, I Killed The Prom Queen, Gojira and Meshuggah. In 2011 alone the band completed three European tours and one Danish tour and in 2012 Scarred by Beauty, besides touring Europe and UK, made it all the way to China. The band toured in China with Danish band The Kandidate, and the tour included shows at the Shanghai MIDI Festival.
Scarred by Beauty signed a single album deal with Mighty Music/Target Distribution for the release of their album debut "Sutra" in 2011. In 2012 the band signed a management contract for Scandinavia with Danish 3rd Tsunami Agency.
With German Redfield Records on board as label, German Seaside Touring as booking agent and Danish 3rd Tsunami Agency as management Scarred by Beauty is positioned and ready to follow through with their passion and dedication to music and life as a touring band.
Through relentless touring and with a genuine and irrepressible DIY spirit the young band has established themselves as a strong band, now taking their first steps in the professional part of their career.
Scarred by Beauty holds an impressive track record of tours. The band has been almost everywhere in Europe and UK, China and South East Asia. The band’s intense touring includes headline shows, but also successful shows as support for international artists and festival appearances.
Scarred by Beauty’s new album "Cape Zero" (red. Released September 6) is their second full-length and has a hard-hitting nerve best described as modern hardcore and metal. The album is a testament to Scarred by Beauty’s DIY approach to their professional career as they have been involved and have had hands on everything from producing, mixing, mastering to the artwork themselves.
Discography.
2013 "Cape Zero" - Release worldwide on Screaming Records & Redfield Records
2011 "Sutra" (self financed studio album) – Release in EU and UK on Mighty Music
<br>
2009 "We Swim" EP (self financed)
<br>
2008 "The Heritage of Ash" (Demo)
Members.
Current members.
Daniel Leszkowicz – guitar (since 2006)
<br>
Dennis Leszkowicz – drums (since 2006)
<br>
Jonathan “Joller” Albrechtsen – lead vocals (since 2006)
<br>
Asser Topp-Mortensen – guitar (since 2007)
<br>
Chris Kreutzfeldt – bass (since 2010)
Former members.
Simon Guldbrandsen – bass (2006 - 2008)
<br>
Martin Hasseldam – bass (2009 - 2010)
<br>
Mathias Winther Johannsen – bass (2008 - 2009)
Videography.
Indika (2011)
References.
Facebook
<br>
Myspace

</doc>
<doc id="36851992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851992" title="Hyrax Hill Prehistoric Site and Museum">
Hyrax Hill Prehistoric Site and Museum

The Hyrax Hill site was proclaimed a national monument in 1945 and opened to the public in 1965.This was as a result of startling discoveries of relics by Mrs. Selfe and subsequent archaeological excavations that were carried out by Dr. Mary Leakey in 1938 that revealed substantial findings in different areas of the site and levels of occupations. The late Mrs. Self was the owner of the property. The renovation of archaeology exhibit was made possible through the kind sponsorship of Kenya Museum Society and consultation of British Institute in Eastern Africa in collaboration with the National Museums of Kenya.
The hill comprises particular importance due to the fact that it encompasses several phases of occupation; it also has a long history of archaeological investigation, which began in 1937 with Mary Leakey.
History.
In 1937 Dr. Mary Leakey excavated Site I, and she discovered evidence of late Iron Age habitation consisting of a series of rough stone enclosures, and a number of burials. This material according to Sutton belong late Iron Age and is probably around 200 yrs old (Sutton, 1987). During the 1937 excavation, Leakey also discovered a much older occupation layer, dating to the Late Stone Age. Several burials were uncovered; this area is today referred to as the "Neolithic mass grave" on signage at the Museum.
Dr. Mary Leakey in 1938 excavated Site II and erroneously associated the Sirikwa occupation layers with the pre-Iron Age material on Site I and at the Nakuru burial site. <br>
In 1943 the unexcavated portions of the site were recognised as important archaeological resources, and the site was gazette as national monument on 26 November 1945.
In 1965 more excavations were carried by Ron Clarke on Site II, and the southern burial Site I. After these excavations, a small museum was established in the farm house which was previously owned by Mrs. A. Selfe.
Dr. Onyango Abunje in 1973–74 excavated the area adjacent to site I, and he discovered mainly late Iron Age materials, which included two Iron Age pits and burial mounded.
In 1986, Dr. John Sutton re-investigated site II and during this time, the investigation revealed three Sirikwa houses. Dr. Sutton concluded by proposing that site II is indeed not related to site II and is Iron Age dating to middle centuries of the second millennium.
Governance.
Hyrax Hill is a regional museum under the management of National Museums of Kenya headed by Dr Idle Farah as its Director General. Hyrax Hill is currently run by 12 members of staff and headed by the curator as the chief accounting officer.Paul Odondo Oyuga is the Curator Hyrax Hill Museum.
The Museum Building.
The building was formerly a farm house constructed in about 1900–1910 and ceded to the National Museum of Kenya in 1965 by the owner, the late Mrs. Seife. The building is rectangular in plan with a veranda along the south façade. It is entered through a 4.8 m wide straight stairway of 5 steps on to a veranda, and then into the main gallery through a protruding porch that forms part of the central space of the building. Inside this building is divided into three chambers/galleries, the central being the largest. At the back, the building is a butted to a two chambers which are being used as the Curator's and Education offices respectively.
Gallery.
The museum has one gallery divided into three chambers; West, East and the central being the largest. The West chambers display ethnographic materials, the Central displays archaeology of the site. At the center of the gallery there is a model showing the entire site and the East displays natural history objects.
Hyrax Hill Archaeology.
Hyrax Hill is small but a prominent rocky lava ridge measuring about 500 meters in length and rising to 50 meters above the surrounding plain. The hill owes its name to the numerous hyraxes that used to live in the rock openings.
A number of archaeological features ranging in date from possibly 5000 years ago to only 200 years ago have been found on this hill. The oldest is the area of Neolithic occupation with burials on Site I. There is also recent Iron Age activity on Site I and earlier Iron Age activity on Site II.
Interest in the archaeology of this area began in the 1920s with the discovery by a farmer of ancient burials with stone bowls hidden under rocks on the side of small hill to the north east. Louis Leakey investigated these ancient burials and reported that they belong to an early pastoralist community which he called 'Neolithic '. At the same time he noticed other archaeological features on both sides of hyrax hill, and in 1937 encouraged his wife, Mary, to investigate these.
Hyrax Hill has been central to the development of archaeological research in Kenya for over seventy. Together with other sites in the region, it has helped our understanding of the transition from a hunting and gathering way of life to greater dependants on food production, especially pastoral activities in these high grasslands.
Exhibition sites.
Among the 400 objects and works of art exhibited, visitors can admire carved masks, wood statues and other objects made by the Musas between 1970 and 2000. There are other objects collected from the grass-fields, such as traditional musical instruments, hunting gadgets, metal works, bamboo objects and pottery. Temporary exhibitions are also sometimes proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="36851994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851994" title="1997 Star World Championships">
1997 Star World Championships

The 1997 Star World Championships were held in Marblehead, United States between September 3 and 14, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36851996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36851996" title="Dabiq">
Dabiq

Dabiq () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Mare' to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Dabiq had a population of 3,364 in the 2004 census. The town is the site of the decisive battle of Marj Dabiq between the Ottoman Empire and the Mamluk Sultanate in 1516.
History.
Jayrud was visited by Syrian geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi in the early 13th-century, during Ayyubid rule. He noted that it was "a village of the 'Azaz District lying 4 leagues from Halab (Aleppo). Near it is a green and pleasant meadow, where the Omayyad troops encamped, when they made the celebrated expedition against Al Massissah, which was to have been continued even to the walls of Constantinople. There is here the tomb of the Khalif Sulaiman ibn 'Abd al Malik, who led the above expedition."

</doc>
<doc id="36852005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852005" title="Eppadi Manasukkul Vanthai">
Eppadi Manasukkul Vanthai

Eppadi Manasukkul Vanthai is a 2012 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by P. V. Prasath, starring Vishva, Irfaan, Tanvi Vyas. The film released on 10 August 2012 with mixed reviews.
Critical Reception.
Eppadi Manasukkul Vanthai received mostly negative reviews. Indiandragon of indiandragon.in said "Bull shit, Black list the director" and gave no rating. He stated "The director has no other real script to make a movie on, other than psychotic lover boys. So I am going to black list the director's movies, and advice you all to do the same."

</doc>
<doc id="36852012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852012" title="Tarantinaea">
Tarantinaea

Tarantinaea is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Tarantinaea" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36852015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852015" title="James Billmyer">
James Billmyer

James Irwin Billmyer (born 1897) was an American modern painter and illustrator.
Early Years.
James Billmyer was born in Union Bridge, Maryland and received his BA from Western Maryland College. He continued his studies at the National Academy of Design, Beaux Arts, the Art Students’ League, Cooper Union, Maryland Institute, Baltimore Charcoal Club, and Baltimore Grand Central School of Art.
Some of his influential teachers included John Sloan, George Luks, Frank Vincent Dumond, George Bridgeman, William De Leftwüch Dodge, Dean Cornwell, and Harvey Dunn.
Billnyer was involved with the commercial art of periodicals and advertising, working as an illustrator for magazines such as “Cosmopolitan”, “Family Circle”, “House and Garden”, “Ladies Home Journal”, “Parents Magazine”, and Collier’s "Good Housekeeping”. In 1931, he became a member of the American Society of Illustrators.
Work.
Billmyer travelled extensively in Latin and Central America, Canada, the Near East, and Europe, exploring the history and cultures of these locations, which ultimately impacts his work. In the 1950s and 1960s, he was a part of the 10th Street galleries scene. For twelve years, he studied plastics under the tutelage of Hans Hofmann in New York and Provincetown. Hofmann showed him the importance of objects moved out from the canvas and resolved back into it. This type of painting that deals with multiple rhythms, colors, and angles, offers viewers a higher-dimensional experience. Billmyer has created patterns in and out of divided planes that go in independent directions before receding back into the canvas, which is his unique adaption of Hofmann’s methods. Many of his patterns and forms appear in the film “The Hypercube: Projections and Slicing.” Billmyer has taught and lectured at the New York School of Interior Design, The Hudson River School, Spellman College, Miami Art Center, the Naskeay School, Maine, and his own New York School.

</doc>
<doc id="36852017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852017" title="Sirel">
Sirel

Sirel is an Estonian language surname meaning "lilac" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852019" title="Townsendia rothrockii">
Townsendia rothrockii

Townsendia rothrockii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Rothrock's Townsend daisy. It is endemic to Colorado in the United States, where there are 35 occurrences across thirteen counties. Reports of the plant from New Mexico are false.
This plant is a small perennial herb forming a dense rosette of thick leaves up to 3.5 centimeters long. It grows from a taproot and caudex. The flower heads are cup-shaped and up to 2.8 centimeters wide. The ray florets are blue to lilac in color and measure up to 1.6 centimeters in length. The center of the head contains yellow disc florets.
This plant grows in high-elevation habitat in the mountains of southwestern Colorado. It can be found in a number of habitat types in montane, subalpine and alpine climates, including fellfields, talus, meadows, ridges, passes, rock outcrops, and disturbed areas. Species associated with the plant include "Abies lasiocarpa", "Agrostis thurberiana", "Anemone multifida", "Draba nivalis" var. "exigua", "Eritrichium aretioides", "Festuca thurberi", "Oreoxis alpina", "Pinus ponderosa", "Polemonium viscosum", "Rydbergia grandiflora", "Trifolium dasyphyllum", "Trifolium nanum", and "Valeriana capitata".

</doc>
<doc id="36852023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852023" title="Cinemateca Brasileira">
Cinemateca Brasileira

Cinemateca Brasileira is an institution located in Vila Clementino, São Paulo, responsible for the preservation of Brazilian audiovisual production. Centred on activities involving the storing, diffusion, and the restoration of its collection, it is one of the largest film libraries in Latin America and also one of its oldest, established in 1949 in the Film Department of the Modern Art Museum of São Paulo. It became a government institution in 1984 when it was incorporated into the Ministry of Culture. There are about 200,000 rolls of film, long, short and newsreels; 120,000 were reported in 1996 but it has since grown markedly. It also has a large collection of documents, books, journals, original scripts, photographs and posters. The website of Cinemateca Brasileira is one of the most authoritative sources on Brazilian cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="36852038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852038" title="1998 Star World Championships">
1998 Star World Championships

The 1994 Star World Championships were held in Portorož, Slovenia between September 13 and 18, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36852041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852041" title="Sireh Kaneh">
Sireh Kaneh

Sireh Kaneh (, also Romanized as Sīreh Kāneh) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852048" title="Porsgrunn Upper Secondary School">
Porsgrunn Upper Secondary School

Porsgrunn videregående skole is an upper secondary school located in the town of Porsgrunn, in the county Telemark, in Norway. The school is Telemark county's biggest school together with Skien videregående skole, and has a total of 1150 students and about 170 employees.

</doc>
<doc id="36852050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852050" title="Sar Choluskan-e Olya">
Sar Choluskan-e Olya

Sar Choluskan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Sar Cholūskān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Chekān and Sar Chūnos Khān) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852051" title="Wagluhe">
Wagluhe

Wagluhe Band of the Oglala Lakota.
The Wagluhe Band is one of the seven bands of the Oglala Lakota. The Wagluhe Band is also known as the Loafer Band.
The seven Bands of the Oglala Lakota are the Wagluhe (Loafers), Ite Sica (Bad Face), Oyukpe (Broken Off), Wazaza (Shred Into Strips), Tapisleca (Split Liver), Payabaya (Shove Aside) and Kiyaksa (Little Wound).
Old Chief Smoke.
Old Chief Smoke was an Oglala Lakota head chief and one of the last great Shirt Wearers, a highly prestigious Lakota warrior society. The Smoke people were one of the most prominent Lakota families of the 18th and 19th centuries. Old Chief Smoke was one of the first Lakota chiefs to appreciate the power of the whites and the need for association. In 1849, Old Chief Smoke moved his Wagluhe camp to Ft. Laramie, Wyoming when the U.S. Army first garrisoned the old trading post to protect and supply wagon trains of white migrants along the Oregon Trail. Lakota families from other camps who preferred the safety of Ft. Laramie joined Smoke’s camp. Old Chief Smoke was aware of the power of the whites, their overwhelming numbers and the futility of war. Old Chief Smoke observed and learned the customs of the whites. By the late 1850’s, some Lakota from the wild buffalo-hunting camps began to disparage Old Chief Smoke’s camp at Ft. Laramie and call Old Chief Smoke’s community Wagluhe (Loafers), meaning they were like men who lived with their wives’ relatives, that is, hangers-on, loafers. On the other hand, some Wagluhe thought of the wild Lakota as county bumpkins. During the increasing strife of the 1860s, the Ft. Laramie took on a military posture and was the primary staging ground for the U.S. Army during Red Cloud’s War. In 1864, Old Chief Smoke died and was placed on a scaffold near sight of his beloved Ft. Laramie and replaced by Chief Big Mouth.
Wagluhe at Ft. Laramie.
The Wagluhe were aware of the power of the whites, their overwhelming numbers and the futility of war. Traditionally, in intertribal warfare, a fight among fifty warriors in which two men were killed was considered a big fight. The Wagluhe at Ft. Laramie, Wyoming, heard of the 50,000 casualties of the three-day Battle at Gettysburg in July 1863, and knew what white men meant when they spoke of battle. The Wagluhe observed and learned the customs of the whites. Wagluhe were considered by the U.S. Army and Indian agents to be the most progressive band of Lakota and many became Indian Police, U.S. Army Indian Scouts with the U.S. 4th Cavalry Regiment from Ft. Laramie, Wyoming and intermediaries with other bands of Lakotas. The Wagluhe formed a civil administration at Ft. Laramie, and Old Chief Smoke appointed Chief Blue Horse and Chief Big Mouth the first Indian Police officers. The Wagluhe were the first Oglala Lakota to send their children to the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, for a formal education. Wagluhe U.S. Army Indian Scouts were a “Band of Brothers” with U.S. Army Cavalry Scouts and later were the first Oglala Lakota to travel with Col. William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody and his Wild West throughout the U.S. and Europe. Wagluhe from the Great Plains Wars chose to offer their services to Colonel "Buffalo Bill" Cody and appreciated that Wild West Shows preserved Oglala Lakota heritage during a time when the Bureau of Indian Affairs was intent on promoting Native assimilation.
The Murder of Chief Big Mouth.
Chief Big Mouth was the elder son and became head chief in 1864 upon the death of Old Chief Smoke. Big Mouth opposed Chief Spotted Tail’s leadership and criticized his negotiations with Washington politicians. On October 29, 1869, Spotted Tail called at the door of Big Mouth’s lodge, and asked to speak with him. On his appearance, he was seized by two warriors, who held him fast, while Spotted Tail drew a pistol, placed it against his body, and shot Chief Big Mouth dead.
Captain DeWitt C. Poole at the Whetstone Indian Agency reported Chief Blue Horse’s shock and anger to Chief Big Mouth’s murder. “Blue Horse started a violent harangue in the Sioux language. He had a rifle in one hand and a strung bow and a bunch of arrows in the other, and when he dropped his blanket, two navy Colts and a big scalping knife could be seen in their sheaths at his belt. He was in a raving fury, leaping and bounding about the room as he hurled accusations and threats at Chief Spotted Tail. Chief Big Mouth died toward dawn. Some hours later, Blue Horse came to agent Poole’s office and told he that he felt so sad over the death of his great and good brother that he would have to wash off the paint he had put on his face for the feast the day before and begin mourning. The interpreter warned Poole that if this Indian washed his face and started mourning, it would mean the reopening of the feud and more shootings. The agent would give Blue Horse two blankets, that would comfort him, and he would refrain from washing his face and going gunning for Spotted Tail. The blankets were handed over, and the grieving brother went quietly away.” Poole later reported that Chief Spotted Tail made a prompt payment of a stipulated number of ponies to Blue Horse and that aboriginal law had been vindicated.
Chief Blue Horse was pressed to avenge the murder of Chief Big Mouth, but chose the path of non-violence and instead moved with his Wagluhe Band to another locality. Chief Red Cloud was also aggrieved by his brother's murder. Nonetheless, Chief Red Cloud continued to work with Chief Spotted Tail in delegations to Washington, D.C. to protect tribal lands, enforce broken treaties and preserve Lakota heritage.
Wagluhe Politics.
Some Wagluhe went north to the Powder River country fight in Red Cloud’s War and became closely tied to militant Minneconjou, Sans Arc and Hunkpappa. Other Wagluhe supplied food and munitions to Chief Red Cloud. All Wagluhe respected Chief Red Cloud. The U.S. Army concluded that, even if there were doubts about their reliability, the Wagluhe’s role as scouts, civil administrators and mediators was absolutely essential.
New Wagluhe Leaders.
After the Battle of Little Big Horn and the arrest of Chief Blue Horse in 1876, the Wagluhe split into three bands. Blue Horse remained head chief of one band, and rising young leaders American Horse and Three Bears led the other two. Red Shirt was also a popular leader and served as Three Bears’ lieutenant. These leaders had much in common. Blue Horse, American Horse, Three Bears and Red Shirt all served as U.S. Army Indian Scouts with the U.S. 4th Cavalry Regiment from Ft. Laramie, Wyoming, led Lakota delegations to Washington, D.C., their children attended the first class at the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and all joined with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West.
Red Cloud as a Wagluhe.
Red Cloud was recognized as a leader of the Wagluhe and the Ite Sica. In 1860, Lieutenant Henry E. Maynadier, who later became the commandant at Fort Laramie, recognized Red Cloud as one of Old Chief Smoke’s sons, a Wagluhe. Yet, in reality, whenever the Oglalas were seriously threatened, Red Cloud would become the "de facto" chief of the Ite Sica (Bad Faces).
Chief Blue Horse.
In 1890, Native American historian Charles Alexander Eastman recorded his first meeting with Chief Blue Horse at Pine Ridge Agency, South Dakota. Eastman reported Chief Blue Horse was his “first caller” at the Pine Ridge Agency and Chief "Emeritus" of the Wagluhe Band. “He softly opened the door and stepped in without knocking, in characteristic Indian fashion. After greeting me in Sioux, he promptly produced his credentials, which consisted of well-worn papers that had been given him by various high military officers, from General William Selby Harney to General George Crook, and were dated 1854 to 1877. The old man wanted nothing so much as an audience, and the tales of his exploits served to pass the evening." Eastman recorded that “Blue Horse had been, as he claimed, a friend to the white man, for he was one of the first Sioux U.S. Army Indian Scouts, and also one of the first to cross the ocean with Buffalo Bill."
Wild Westing.
Wagluhe U.S. Army Indian Scouts from the Pine Ridge Agency, South Dakota, were the first Oglala Lakota to travel with Col. William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody and his Wild West throughout the U.S. and Europe. Veterans from the Great Plains Wars chose to offer their services to Colonel "Buffalo Bill" Cody and appreciated that Wild Westing preserved Oglala Lakota heritage during a time when the Bureau of Indian Affairs was intent on promoting Native assimilation.

</doc>
<doc id="36852058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852058" title="Sar Choluskan-e Sofla">
Sar Choluskan-e Sofla

Sar Choluskan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Sar Cholūskān-e Soflá) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852063" title="Lycideopidae">
Lycideopidae

Lycideopidae is an extinct family of therocephalians from the Late Permian and Early Triassic of South Africa.
Phylogeny.
Below is a cladogram from Sigurdsen "et al." (2012):

</doc>
<doc id="36852065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852065" title="1999 Star World Championships">
1999 Star World Championships

The 1999 Star World Championships were held in Punta Ala, Italy between September 1 and 12, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36852078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852078" title="Porzhenka River">
Porzhenka River

Porzhenka () is an 8 km-long river within the Dvina–Pechora Watershed District in Russia. The river originates in the Bolshoye Porzhenskoye Lake and flows into Kenozero Lake. The Porzhensky Pogost is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="36852080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852080" title="Tief">
Tief

Tief is a surname of German origin, meaning "deep" or "low" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852084" title="2000 Star World Championships">
2000 Star World Championships

The 2000 Star World Championships were held in Annapolis, United States between May 14 and 20, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36852102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852102" title="Mbozi">
Mbozi

Mbozi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852106" title="Kafr Naya">
Kafr Naya

Kafr Naya () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Mayer to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Kafr Naya had a population of 5,647 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36852107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852107" title="Abd al-Aziz ibn Marwan">
Abd al-Aziz ibn Marwan

ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz ibn Marwān (; died 705) was a member of the Umayyad dynasty, the son of Caliph Marwan I (reigned 684–685) and father of Caliph Umar II (r. 717–720). His wife Umm Asim Layla bint Asim was the grand daughter of the second Caliph Umar ibn al-Khattab.
Life.
Abd al-Aziz is most notable for his twenty-year-long tenure as governor ("wali") of Egypt, from AH 65 (685 CE) to his death in AH 86 (705 CE). He was placed in the post by Marwan I immediately after the Umayyads regained control of the province during the civil war against Ibn al-Zubayr, and held it until his death. He enjoyed wide autonomy in the governance of Egypt, and functioned as a "de facto" viceroy of the country.
He proved himself a capable governor, and his rule was a period of peace and prosperity, marked by his conciliatory and co-operative attitude towards the leaders of the local Arab settlers (the "jund"): throughout his tenure, Abd al-Aziz relied on them rather than the Syrians, who elsewhere were the main pillar of the Umayyad regime. He resided chiefly at Fustat, leaving it only for two visits to the caliphal court at Damascus and four more to Alexandria, although when the plague struck Fustat in 690, he moved the seat of his government to the nearby town of Hulwan. Abd al-Aziz also supervised the completion of the Muslim conquest of North Africa; it was he who appointed Musa ibn Nusayr in his post as governor of Ifriqiya.
Marwan I had named Abd al-Aziz his second heir after his elder brother Abd al-Malik (r. 685–705). Abd al-Malik, however, wanted his son al-Walid I (r. 705–715) to succeed him, and Abd al-Aziz was persuaded not to object to this change. In the event, Abd al-Aziz died shortly before Abd al-Malik.
Abd al-Aziz was also hoping that his own eldest son, al-Asbagh—for whom he also nurtured hopes in the caliphal succession—would succeed him as governor of Egypt, making the province into a hereditary appanage for his family, but his son died a few months before Abd al-Aziz himself. He was succeeded by Abd al-Malik's son Abdallah, whose aim was to restore caliphal control over the province and, in the words of Hugh N. Kennedy, "remove all traces of Abd al-Aziz's administration". Abd al-Aziz's descendants, however, remained influential in Egyptian affairs until the early Abbasid period.

</doc>
<doc id="36852109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852109" title="Kotoura-san">
Kotoura-san

Plot.
Haruka Kotoura is a girl who was born with the ability to read minds. Due to being unable to tell the difference between people's words and thoughts at a young age, she would inadvertently expose people's secrets, leading her to be ridiculed by her classmates and even abandoned by her parents. This had led her to become closed off from others in fear of hurting herself and others. This all changes, however, when she transfers into a new high school and meets Yoshihisa Manabe, a dim-witted boy with a perverted imagination. Unfazed by Haruka's ability to read minds, Yoshihisa offers her his friendship and vows to stand by her no matter what. Together, they join their school's ESP Research Society.
Media.
Manga.
The original manga by Enokizu began serialization in Micro Magazine's "Manga Goccha" magazine from October 14, 2011, with five tankōbon volumes released as of June 5, 2013.
Anime.
An anime adaptation by AIC Classic aired in Japan between January 11 and March 29, 2013 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll. The opening theme is by Megumi Nakajima whilst the main ending theme is by Haruka Chisuga. The ending theme for episode five is by Kana Hanazawa, Hisako Kanemoto, Jun Fukushima, Hiro Shimono and Yurika Kubo, whilst the ending theme for episode six is by Kanemoto. There's an insert song in episode 11 titled sung by Megumi Nakajima.

</doc>
<doc id="36852113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852113" title="2001 Star World Championships">
2001 Star World Championships

The 2001 Star World Championships were held in Medemblik, Netherlands between August 2 and 12, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36852121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852121" title="Schlüsselfelder Ship">
Schlüsselfelder Ship

The Schlüsselfelder Ship () is a ship-like German Renaissance table centrepiece. The carrack was made of gilded silver around 1503 in Nuremberg, Germany, possibly by Albrecht Dürer the Elder, at the request of the patrician Wilhelm Schlüsselfelder. It is displayed in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="36852123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852123" title="Wanchai SF">
Wanchai SF

Wanchai Sports Federation (, also known as Wanchai or Wanchai SF) is a football club which currently plays in the Hong Kong Second Division League operating by Wan Chai District Council. The club has been the affiliated club of Hong Kong First Division League club South China since 2009.
History.
In 2002, the Hong Kong Football Association introduced the Hong Kong Third District Division League, which was formed by teams operating by each District Council of Hong Kong. Wanchai SF was one of the 11 clubs among 18 district councils to join the league in the first season.
The club did not perform well since they were formed as they were usually placing at the bottom half of league table. In the 2008–09 season, the club were placed at the bottom of the table among 15 teams, only had won one match (vs Wong Tai Sin, originally lost 0–6. However, a suspended player played for Wong Tai Sin in the match. Therefore, Wong Tai Sin was given a 0–3 lose.) in 14 matches.
Recent performance.
Affiliation with South China.
In 2009, Wanchai SF became the affiliated club of South China. The two teams formed a youth team system, named Wan Chai South China, to compete in the Youth League. The first team did not perform well in the first season of affiliation. They got 4 points in 13 games only, again were the bottom of the league.
Starting from 2010–11 season, South China appointed first team assistant coaches Ku Kam Fai and Chan Chi Hong as the coaches of Wanchai SF. On the other hand, Wanchai signed numerous of ex-First Division player, such as Shum Kwok Pui, Wong Chi Keung. South China Reserves goalkeeper Tin Man Ho also joined the club. These changes had strengthened the team and the team had become a title challenger. After finishing all the 18 league matches they got 43 points, which helped them claim the Third District Division title. In the Third Division Final Round, Wanchai defeated Eastern, Kwun Tong and KCDRSC to get promoted to the Second Division for the first team in club history.
Promotion to Second Division.
The 2011–12 season was the best ever season in the club history. Being the newly promoted team with any experiences in Second Division, the club had not only kept the players, but also signed more ex-First Division such as Lo Chun Kit and Colly Barnes Ezeh. As an underdog at the beginning of the season, they performed unexpectedly well, having chance to promote to the First Division. Although they could not get promoted, they still placed in the fourth place, only 7 points behind Southern District, the runner-up of the league which get promoted. They performed well in cup competition too. They defected Hong Kong Football Club, Fire Services, Shatin and Wing Yee to reach the final of the Junior Challenge Shield. They defeated Happy Valley 3–0 to claim the Junior Challenge Shield at Hong Kong Stadium on 18 February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36852129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852129" title="2009 Star World Championships">
2009 Star World Championships

The 2009 Star World Championships were held in Varberg, Sweden between August 2 and 7, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36852132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852132" title="Worldwide harmonized Light vehicles Test Procedures">
Worldwide harmonized Light vehicles Test Procedures

The Worldwide harmonized Light vehicles Test Procedures (WLTP) define a global harmonized standard for determining the levels of pollutants and CO2 emissions, fuel or energy consumption, and electric range from light-duty vehicles (passenger cars and light commercial vans).
It is being developed by experts from the European Union, Japan, and India under guidelines of UNECE World Forum for Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations, with final version expected by October 2015.
Test procedure.
The test procedure provides a strict guidance regarding conditions of dynamometer tests and road load (motion resistance), gear shifting, total car weight (by including optional equipment, cargo and passengers), fuel quality, ambient temperature, and tire selection and pressure.
Three different WLTC test cycles are applied, depending on vehicle class defined by power-weight ratio PWr in kW/Tonne (rated engine power / kerb weight):
In each class, there are several driving tests designed to represent real world vehicle operation on urban and extra-urban roads, motorways, and freeways. The duration of each part is fixed between classes, however the acceleration and speed curves are shaped differently. The sequence of tests is further restricted by maximum vehicle speed Vmax.
Increased variety of manual gearboxes with 4, 5, 6 and 7 gears makes it impossible to specify fixed gear shift points. The WLTP testing procedure instead provides an algorithm for calculating optimal shift points, which takes into account total vehicle weight and full load power curves within normalized engine speeds, covering the wide range of rotation speeds and engine power allowed by current technology. To reflect practical use and fuel efficient driving style, frequent gear changes occurring in less than 5 seconds are filtered out.
WLTC driving cycles.
Class 3.
The WLTC driving cycle for a Class 3 vehicle is divided in four parts for Low, Medium, High, and Extra High speed; if Vmax < 135 km/h, the Extra High speed part is replaced with Low speed part.
Class 2.
Class 2 test cycle has three parts for Low, Medium, and High speed; if Vmax < 90 km/h, the High speed part is replaced with Low speed part.
Class 1.
Class 1 test cycle has Low and Medium speed parts, performed in a sequence Low-Medium-Low; if Vmax < 70 km/h, the Medium speed part is replaced with Low speed part.

</doc>
<doc id="36852139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852139" title="Algeria at the Mediterranean Games">
Algeria at the Mediterranean Games

Algeria has competed at every celebration of the Mediterranean Games. Its athletes have won a total of 201 medals.
Medal tables.
Medals by Mediterranean Games.
Below the table representing all Algerian medals around the games. Till now, Algeria win 201 medals and 55 gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36852159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852159" title="Denia Nixon">
Denia Nixon

Denia Nixon (born 1986) is a Bahaman beauty pageant winner. She was the representative from the Bahamas to the 2005 Miss Universe Pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36852161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852161" title="Sar Choluskan">
Sar Choluskan

Sar Choluskan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852165" title="1986–87 Northampton Town F.C. season">
1986–87 Northampton Town F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="36852166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852166" title="Sareh Vian">
Sareh Vian

Sareh Vian (, also Romanized as Sareh Vīān) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852172" title="Sulabad">
Sulabad

Sulabad (, also Romanized as Sūlābād) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852177" title="Tell Qarah">
Tell Qarah

Tell Qarah () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Mayer to the west and Kafr Naya to the northwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Tell Qarah had a population of 2,477 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36852182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852182" title="2012–13 Hong Kong Third Division League">
2012–13 Hong Kong Third Division League

2012–13 Hong Kong Third Division League is the 62nd season of Hong Kong Third Division League, a football league in Hong Kong.
Team review.
The 2012–13 season of the Hong Kong Third Division League consists of 14 clubs, including the 2 teams relegated from 2011–12 Second Division, 3rd placed to 10th placed team of 2011–12 Third 'A' Division and the top 4 teams of 2011–12 Third 'District' Division.
The detail of the clubs is as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36852183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852183" title="Turem">
Turem

Turem (, also Romanized as Tūrem) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852189" title="Ordynsky">
Ordynsky

Ordynsky (masculine), Ordynskaya (feminine), or Ordynskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852198" title="Cheshmeh Chai-ye Olya">
Cheshmeh Chai-ye Olya

Cheshmeh Chai-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852206" title="2012 Star World Championships">
2012 Star World Championships

The 2012 Star World Championships were held in Hyères, France between May 5 and 11, 2012. The hosting yacht club was COYCH.

</doc>
<doc id="36852210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852210" title="Cheshmeh Chai-ye Sofla">
Cheshmeh Chai-ye Sofla

Cheshmeh Chai-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī-ye Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī-ye Soflá) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852221" title="Cheshmeh Chai-ye Vosta">
Cheshmeh Chai-ye Vosta

Cheshmeh Chai-ye Vosta (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī-ye Vosţá; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852244" title="Fiona Hefti">
Fiona Hefti

Fiona Hefti (born 4 May 1980 in Zurich, Switzerland) was Miss Switzerland 2004 and a contestant in the 2005 Miss Universe Pageant.
In 2007 she married Christian Wolfensberger. They are now the parents of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="36852247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852247" title="H2NO">
H2NO

H2NO refers to an upselling campaign by Coca-Cola to dissuade consumers from ordering tap water drinks at restaurants, and to instead order more profitable soft drinks, non-carbonated beverages, or bottled water. The campaign's title, H2NO, reflects the program's purpose, which is to have customers say "No" to "H2O", the chemical formula for water. The program taught waiters how to use "suggestive selling techniques" to offer an onslaught of alternative beverages when diners asked for water.
In July 2001, a link to a story about the program's success at Olive Garden was posted to Cockeyed.com. The link was reposted around the internet, until the story was taken down by Coca-Cola on August 2, 2001 for fears it might be misinterpreted. On August 20, 2001, the story was covered by the "New York Times", and subsequently by a number of news providers.
The campaign ran only in the United States.
Discovery and Coca-Cola response.
The H2NO campaign had been conducted through an Internet memo to distributors and restaurants. In July 2001, Rob Cockerham, a graphic designer in Sacramento, came across the Olive Garden success story following an online search, and posted a link to the story on his website, Cockeyed.com. In an interview with the "New York Times", Cockerham noted how "I had to assure more than one person that this was not a prank, and that it was a real article from Coca-Cola."
On August 2, 2001, about a week after the success story link was posted to Cockeyed.com, the Coca-Cola portal was closed. Polly Howes, a spokeswoman for Coca-Cola, stated that the story might be misinterpreted by "folks who aren't in a sales-related business" and that the site was due to be dismantled.
Following the "New York Times" article, the story was covered by major news providers including "Daily Mail", "Sunday Herald Sun", "Evening Standard" and was featured on "The Glass House."
Olive Garden success story.
In a success story on Coca-Cola's online public relations portal, entitled "The Olive Targets Tap Water & WINS", Coca-Cola described the purpose, implementation, and success in reducing "tap water incidence."
Coca-Cola stated that customers chose tap water out of habit, and that selling alternative beverages would increase guest satisfaction:
Water. It's necessary to sustain life, but to many Casual Dining restaurant chains it contributes to a dull dining experience for the customer. Many customers choose tap water not because they enjoy it, but because it is what they always have drunk in the past. In response, some restaurant chains are implementing programs to help train crews to sell alternative choices to tap water, like soft drinks and non-carbonated beverages, with the goal of increasing overall guest satisfaction. 
Olive Garden's stated goal was "to influence customers to abandon their default choice of tap water and experience other beverage choices to improve their dining experience."
The Olive Garden suffered from a "high water incidence rate" and "wanted their restaurant crews to emphasize the broad array of alternative beverage selections available" so as "to influence customers to abandon their default choice of tap water and experience other beverage choices to improve their dining experience." In response, the Coca-Cola USA-Fountain offered the tap water reduction program H2NO. The H2NO program featured "beverage suggestive selling techniques (a technique used when a server suggests a profitable beverage in place of water to the customer during the ordering process)." Alternative beverages including soft drinks, non-carbonated beverages and alcohol would be offered which would lead to higher "overall check averages" and greater profits. To further improve the effectiveness of the program, the "Olive Garden developed an employee incentive contest linked to H2NO with CCUSA-Fountain called 'Just Say No to H2O.'"
The success story noted how "because of its own successful campaign against water, The Olive Garden has recently sent a powerful message to the entire restaurant industry - less water and more beverage choices mean happier customers" stating how:
When the contest was completed, almost all participating restaurants realized significant increases in beverage sales and reduced levels of tap water incidence - a strong indication that Olive Garden restaurants succeeded in enhancing the customer's dining experience. And perhaps most importantly, Olive Garden expects to see this trend continue as the skills learned become part of the crew's everyday interaction with restaurant customers.
Criticism.
The program and Olive Garden success story were widely ridiculed.
On August 22, 2001, Peter Gleick, the director of the Pacific Institute, wrote a letter to the editor to the "New York Times", criticizing the campaign, noting how "both PepsiCo and Coca-Cola use perfectly potable tap water as the source of their bottled waters, Aquafina and Dasani. I guess tap water is O.K., if we can be made to pay for it."
In a report by Corporate Accountability International, "Tapping Congress to Get Off the Bottle", the report criticized the campaign as part of how "bottlers have employed a range of marketing tactics that have overtly disparaged the tap." The Olive Garden success story and the H2NO program have been cited in literature as examples of the bottled water industry's aggressive advertising campaigns which views tap water as an impediment to increased profits.

</doc>
<doc id="36852248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852248" title="Cheshmeh Chai">
Cheshmeh Chai

Cheshmeh Chai (), also rendered as Cheshmeh Chahi, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852249" title="Speed skating at the 2018 Winter Olympics">
Speed skating at the 2018 Winter Olympics

The speed skating competition of the PyeongChang 2018 Olympics are scheduled to be held at the Gangneung Sports Complex Speed Skating facility in Gangneung between 10 and 24 February 2018.
Events.
The International Skating Union announced that it would try to add a mass start event to the Olympic program. The ISU agreed to add the mass start, but if the IOC would accept it, that would also mean the 500 meters event would be raced only once (opposed to twice as it was between 1998 and 2014).
Competition schedule.
Bold sessions are final sessions. Competition schedule from pyeongchang2018.org (Newhorizons).

</doc>
<doc id="36852257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852257" title="Cheshmeh Chahi">
Cheshmeh Chahi

Cheshmeh Chahi (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chahī and Cheshmehchahī) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852261" title="Cheshmeh Khazaneh">
Cheshmeh Khazaneh

Cheshmeh Khazaneh (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khazāneh; also known as Cheshmeh Kamūl Kharzān) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 808, in 145 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852269" title="Cheshmeh Pahn, Shirvan and Chardaval">
Cheshmeh Pahn, Shirvan and Chardaval

Cheshmeh Pahn () is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 313, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852275" title="Cheshmeh Rashid">
Cheshmeh Rashid

Cheshmeh Rashid (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rashīd) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 274, in 58 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852277" title="Mayer, Syria">
Mayer, Syria

Mayer () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Kafr Naya to the northeast and Nubl to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Mayer had a population of 4,772 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36852279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852279" title="461st Light Combat Aviation Squadron">
461st Light Combat Aviation Squadron

The 461st Light Combat Aviation Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 461. eskadrila lake borbene avijacije / 461. ескадрила лаке борбене авијације") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force formed in 1953 at Niš airfield as Training Squadron of 29th Aviation Division ("Serbo-Croatian: Trenažna eskadrila 29. vazduhoplovne divizije / Тренажна ескадрила 29. ваздухопловне дивизије").
History.
Squadron was part of 29th Aviation Division. It was equipped with US-made F-47D Thunderbolt fighter-bombers and Yugoslav-made Ikarus Aero 2 trainers.
In 1959 due the Drvar reorganization this squadron has become Light Combat Aviation Squadron of 3rd Air Command ("Serbo-Croatian: Vazduhoplovna eskadrila lake borbene avijacije 3. vazduhoplovne komande / Ваздухопловна ескадрила лаке борбене авијације 3. ваздухопловне команде").
Squadron was again renamed and renumbered in April 1961 as 461st Light Combat Aviation Squadron. In same year new Soko 522 trainer aircraft have been introduced replacing older Thunderbolts and Aero 2 aircraft. By order from June 8, 1968 it has been disbanded. It was reestablished by order from March 7, 1973 at Pančevo airfield as part of 98th Aviation Brigade. Soko 522 trainers were replaced with Utva 66 liaison aircraft and Soko J-20 Kraguj counter-insurgency aircraft during the 1976 and 1977. Squadron has become independent under 1st Air Corps in 1978 by order from November 1976.
461st Squadron has been disbanded by order from November 16, 1981. Its personnel and equipment were attached to the 525th Training Aviation Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="36852281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852281" title="Jurab Deraz Mirza Beygi">
Jurab Deraz Mirza Beygi

Jurab Deraz Mirza Beygi (, also Romanized as Jūrāb Derāz Mīrzā Beygī; also known as Chūbderāz-e Mīrzābeygī, Jūb Derāz-e Mīrzā Beygī, and Jūrāb Derāz va Mīrzā Beygī) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 666, in 133 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852302" title="Benjamin Wrench">
Benjamin Wrench

Benjamin Wrench (1778–1843), was an actor, born in 1778 in London, where his father occupied ‘a lucrative appointment in the Exchequer.’ He seems to have been grandson of Sir Benjamin Wrench, M.D., of Norwich (d. 1747, aged 82) (see Notes and Queries, 5th ser. v. 48). His father died before he reached his seventh year, and having declined a proffered living and a commission in the army offered by General Tryon, a relative, Wrench adopted the stage as a profession, making his first appearance at Stamford.
Acting career.
Whatever ability he had was slow in ripening, and he had to rehearse for fourteen days the part of Francis in the ‘Stranger’ before he could be allowed to essay it. Mrs. Robinson Taylor, the manager of the Nottingham circuit, whom he married, coached him carefully and brought out such ability as he possessed. He then joined in York the company of Tate Wilkinson, whose praise he obtained, and proceeded to Edinburgh, where with complete success he played Othello, Gossamer, Job Thornberry, and Jeremy Diddler.
When Robert William Elliston in 1804 quit Bath, he was replaced by Wrench, who made his appearance on 5 Jan. 1805 as Gossamer in ‘Laugh when you can,’ and Walter in ‘Children in the Wood.’ Cheveril in Thomas Holcroft's ‘Deserted Daughter,’ Aircourt in O'Keeffe's ‘Lie of the Day,’ Young Rapid in ‘Cure for the Heartache,’ Doricourt in the ‘Belle's Stratagem,’ Rolando in ‘Honeymoon,’ Sir Robert Ramble in ‘Every one has his Fault,’ Beauchamp in ‘Which is the Man?’ Job Thornberry in ‘John Bull,’ Jeremy Diddler in ‘Raising the Wind,’ Sir Charles Racket in ‘Three Weeks after Marriage,’ and Jaffier in ‘Venice Preserved,’ followed during the season, which was the last in the old Bath theatre. In the new house Wrench opened on 26 Oct. 1805 as Percy in the ‘Castle Spectre.’ He played during the season Archer in ‘Beaux' Stratagem,’ Orlando, Belcour in ‘West Indian,’ and Pedro in the ‘Pilgrim.’ He then returned to York, and while there received an offer from Drury Lane, where he appeared, with the company then temporarily occupying the Lyceum, as ‘Wrench from Bath and York,’ playing on 7 Oct. 1809 Belcour in ‘West Indian’ and Tristram Fickle in the ‘Weathercock.’ Frank Heartall in the ‘Soldier's Daughter,’ Lenitive in the ‘Prize,’ Howard in Reynolds's ‘Will,’ Marplot, Frederick in ‘Poor Gentleman,’ Captain Absolute, Benedict, Charles Austencourt in ‘Man and Wife,’ Delaval in ‘Matrimony,’ Colonel Lambert in ‘Hypocrite,’ Storm in ‘Ella Rosenberg,’ Loveless in ‘Trip to Scarborough,’ Millamour in ‘Know your own Mind,’ with some other parts in which he had been seen in Bath, were given in his first season; he was also seen as the first Henry Torringham in Cobb's ‘Sudden Arrivals’ (19 Dec. 1809), and Edward Lacey in ‘Riches,’ adapted by Sir James Bland Burges from Massinger's ‘City Madam.’ Genest says he showed himself a good actor, but was no adequate substitute for Elliston.
At Drury Lane he remained until 1815, adding to his repertory Sir Harry Beagle in the ‘Jealous Wife,’ Marquis in ‘Midnight Hour,’ Duke in ‘Honeymoon,’ Beverley in ‘All in the Wrong,’ Floriville in ‘Dramatist,’ Duke's Servant in ‘High Life below Stairs,’ the Copper Captain, Dick in ‘Heir-at-Law,’ Gratiano, Frank in ‘School for Authors,’ Major Belford in ‘Deuce is in him,’ Bob Handy in ‘Speed the Plough,’ and Count Basset in ‘Provoked Husband.’ He played a few original characters in obscure plays of Masters, Millingen, Leigh, and other forgotten dramatists, among which may be named Gaspar in the ‘Kiss,’ taken by Clarke from the ‘Spanish Curate’ of Fletcher, 31 Oct. 1811; Sir Frederick Fillamour in Mrs. Le Fanu's ‘Prejudice,’ 11 April 1812; Captain Blumenfield in ‘How to die for Love,’ taken from Kotzebue, 21 May; Professor Trifleton in Horace Smith's ‘First Impressions,’ 30 Oct. 1813; Captain Enrico in T. Dibdin's ‘Who's to have her?’ 22 Nov.; and Volage in Henry Siddons's ‘Policy,’ 14 Oct. 1814.
He left Drury Lane in 1815, and divided his time between the Lyceum and the country—Birmingham, Bristol, Dublin, and other large towns. At the Lyceum he was on 29 Aug. 1818 the first Wing in Peake's ‘Amateurs and Actors,’ the first Jenkins in ‘Gretna Green,’ and the first Sir John Freeman in ‘Free and Easy.’ In 1820, as Captain Somerville in ‘Capers at Canterbury,’ he made his first appearance at the Adelphi, where he made perhaps his greatest success on 26 Nov. 1821 as Corinthian Tom in Moncrieff's ‘Tom and Jerry, or Life in London.’
On 4 Oct. 1826 he appeared for the first time at Covent Garden, enacting Rover in ‘Wild Oats.’ He played Volatile in ‘Wife's Stratagem,’ Antipholus of Syracuse, Lord Trinket in ‘Jealous Wife,’ Sponge in ‘A Race for a Dinner,’ Duretête in the ‘Inconstant,’ Tom Shuffleton in ‘John Bull,’ Almaviva in ‘Marriage of Figaro,’ and was the first Pedrillo in Dimond's ‘Seraglio,’ 24 Nov.; Rosambert in Moncrieff's ‘Somnambulist,’ 10 Feb. 1828; and Aufait in ‘Little Offerings,’ 26 April. During the following season he was Rochester in ‘Charles the Second,’ Mercutio, Kite in the ‘Recruiting Officer,’ Valcour, an original part, in Pocock's ‘Home, Sweet Home,’ 19 March 1829; Peter Shock in ‘Master's Rival,’ and Frankly in ‘Suspicious Husband.’ In 1829–1830, where the records of Genest end, he was the first Tarleton in Somerset's ‘Shakespeare's Early Days,’ 29 Oct. 1829; Quickset in the ‘Phrenologists,’ 12 Jan. 1830; Richard Jones in the ‘Wigwam,’ founded on Cooper's ‘Pioneers,’ 12 April; Captain Fervid in the ‘Colonel,’ 4 May. He was also seen as Captain Tickall in ‘Husbands and Wives,’ Baron Wolfenstein in the ‘Poacher,’ and Flutter in ‘Belle's Stratagem.’ He had made a great success at the Lyceum in ‘He lies like Truth,’ and was at that house when (16 Feb. 1830) it was burnt to the ground. In 1834, in the rebuilt house, Wrench and Keeley made a great hit in Oxenford's ‘I and my Double.’ On 30 Oct. at the Haymarket he was the first Caleb Chizzler in ‘But however’ by Henry Mayhew and Henry Baylis. In 1840 Wrench was at the Olympic. His last engagement was at the Haymarket.
In the country Wrench played a large round of comic characters, including Charles Surface, Dr. Pangloss, Captain Absolute, and many others. Wrench was a good comedian, but never reached the first rank. Oxberry, who played with him at many theatres, speaks of him as knock-kneed, and says that, adopting Elliston as model, he copied his nasal twang and drawling doubtful delivery, mistook abruptness for humour, and was less a gentleman on the stage than a ‘blood.’
Personal.
On 24 Oct. 1843 he died at his lodgings in Pickett Place, London, in his sixty-sixth year. Wrench and Manly, an actor, were engaged respectively to Miss and Mrs. Taylor of Nottingham, but ultimately changed partners, Wrench marrying Mrs. Taylor and Manly her daughter. Wrench's marriage was not happy. He was charged with leaving his wife necessitous while he indulged in tavern dissipations. His wife had formerly, as Mrs. Taylor, been an actress of some ability (see Thespian Dictionary, under Taylor Robinson).
Wrench was medium height, light complexioned, with high shoulders and flat features. A portrait of him, by Sharpe, as Wing in ‘Amateurs and Actors,’ and one by De Wilde as Sir Freeman in ‘Free and Easy,’ are in the Mathews collection in the Garrick. His portrait as Belmour is in Oxberry's ‘Dramatic Biography,’ and as Benedick in the ‘Theatrical Inquisitor’ for January 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="36852305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852305" title="Ilam Cement Plant">
Ilam Cement Plant

Ilam Cement Plant ( – "Kārkhāneh-ye Sīmān Īlām") is a village and company town in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8, in 4 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36852314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852314" title="Kolahjub, Shirvan and Chardaval">
Kolahjub, Shirvan and Chardaval

Kolahjub (, also Romanized as Kolahjūb and Kolah Jūb) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 183, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852315" title="Bayil Stadium">
Bayil Stadium

Bayil Stadium, is a stadium in Bayil, Baku, Azerbaijan. It was opened in 2012 and has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. 
History.
The stadium was one of the venues for the group stages of the 2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. Three Group matches were played there.

</doc>
<doc id="36852321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852321" title="Bernard IV, Lord of Lippe">
Bernard IV, Lord of Lippe

Bernhard IV, Lord of Lippe ( in Brake – June 1275) was a ruling Lord of Lippe.
Life.
He was the eldest son of Bernard III and his wife, Sofie of Cuijck-Arnsberg.
In 1254, he took up grovenment of Rheda and in 1265, he succeeded his father as ruler of Lippe. His brother Herman III inherited the city of Lippstadt.
With his uncle, Bishop Simon I of Paderborn, he fought in the Battle of Zülpich of 1267 against the Duchy of Jülich. Simon was captured. In 1269, Bernard IV paid a large ransom to secure Simon's release. He had to borrow the money, causing the House of Lippe to be burdened by debt.
At different times during his reign, he was regent of Ravensberg, had a dispute with the city of Lippstadt, which had joined the Rhenish League of Cities, and was liege lord of Vehmic court in Wesenfort.
He died in 1275, and was buried in Marienfeld Abbey.
Marriage and issue.
In 1260, Bernard married Agnes ( &ndash ), a daughter of Count Dietrich V of Cleves and Hedwig of Meißen. Agnes and Bernard had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="36852324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852324" title="Johanna Fernández">
Johanna Fernández

Johanna Fernández (born 1982) was the Costa Rican contestant at the Miss Universe 2005 pageant. At the time she was a student at San Judas University.

</doc>
<doc id="36852341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852341" title="Pistol Carpați Md. 1974">
Pistol Carpați Md. 1974

Pistolul calibrul 7,65mm Model 1974, also known as "Pistolul Carpați", is a series of light semi-automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Fabrica de Arme Cugir of Romania. It was initially introduced as a side-arm for submachine gun equipped units of the Romanian Army and is currently issued as a self-defence weapon in the Romanian Police.
Design.
"Pistolul Carpați Md. 1974" was designed by Întreprinderea Mecanică Cugir, currently Fabrica de Arme Cugir. Its construction is similar to that of the Walther PP/PPK semi-automatic pistol, but it is not a direct copy of it.
The body is made of duraluminum. It works as a double action weapon on the first shot and as a single action weapon for subsequent shots. Rounds are automatically fed from the 8-round magazine and the weapons is self-arming. The barrel has four rifling grooves and is coated with a thin layer of chrome.
Users.
Once the standard side-arm of the Romanian Police, "Pistolul Carpați Md. 1974" is currently being replaced in service by the Glock 17 semi-automatic pistol and serves only as a self-defence weapon. The Romanian Army still has stocks of this weapon, but it is no longer issued to servicemen.

</doc>
<doc id="36852361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852361" title="Bicycle safety wing">
Bicycle safety wing

A bicycle safety wing is an arm attached to the side of a bicycle. Its purpose is to keep other vehicles from passing too closely.
It is usually made of bright plastic, and ends with a reflector.
Legality.
French law allows for bicycle safety wings up to 40 centimetres.

</doc>
<doc id="36852383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852383" title="Hanna Ek">
Hanna Ek

Hanna Ek (born 9 Feb. 1984 in Porvoo) was Miss Finland 2005 and a contestant in the Miss Universe 2005 pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36852384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852384" title="Kali Kali">
Kali Kali

Kali Kali (, also Romanized as Kalī Kalī) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 524, in 101 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852389" title="Aliabad-e Olya, Ilam">
Aliabad-e Olya, Ilam

Aliabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as ‘Ālīābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sar Koleh-ye ‘Alīābād) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 292, in 58 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852394" title="Aliabad-e Sofla, Ilam">
Aliabad-e Sofla, Ilam

Aliabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as ‘Ālīābād-e Soflá) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852399" title="Aliabad-e Vosta">
Aliabad-e Vosta

Aliabad-e Vosta (, also Romanized as ‘Ālīābād-e Vosţá) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852406" title="Levine scale">
Levine scale

In cardiac physiology, the Levine grading scale is a numeric scoring system to characterize the intensity or the loudness of a heart murmur. The eponym is from researcher Samuel A. Levine who studied the significance of systolic heart murmurs. The grading gives a number to the intensity from 1 to 6:
The Levine scaling system persists as the gold standard for grading heart murmur intensity. It provides accuracy, consistency, and interrater agreement which are essential for diagnostic purposes, particularly to distinguish innocent from pathological murmurs. Louder murmurs (grade ≥3) are more likely believed to represent cardiac defects that tend to have hemodynamic consequences.
The Levine scale is usually written down as a fraction of 6 and in Roman numerals, as in a scale of II/VI.

</doc>
<doc id="36852415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852415" title="Qanatabad, Ilam">
Qanatabad, Ilam

Qanatabad (, also Romanized as Qanātābād) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 432, in 93 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852417" title="Abd al-Rahman ibn Utba al-Fihri">
Abd al-Rahman ibn Utba al-Fihri

Abd al-Rahman ibn Utba al-Fihri was the governor of Egypt for the rival caliph Ibn al-Zubayr in 684, during the Second Fitna. 
Egypt's Kharijites proclaimed themselves for Ibn al-Zubayr when the latter proclaimed himself Caliph at Mecca, and Ibn al-Zubayr dispatched Abd al-Rahman ibn Utba al-Fihri to become the province's governor. Although the incumbent governor, Sa'id ibn Yazid, gave way, the resident Arab elites of the province barely tolerated his presence, and began contacts with the Umayyad caliph Marwan I in Damascus. These contacts encouraged Marwan to march against Egypt, where Abd al-Rahman vainly tried to muster a defence: although he fortified the capital, Fustat, an army he sent to stop the Umayyad advance at Ayla, it melted away, and his fleet was wrecked by storms. Marwan entered Egypt unopposed, and after a couple of days of clashes before Fustat, the city's nobles surrendered it to him. Abd al-Rahman was allowed to leave Egypt with his possessions.

</doc>
<doc id="36852424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852424" title="Degenerate Art Exhibition">
Degenerate Art Exhibition

The Degenerate Art Exhibition () was an art exhibition organized by Adolf Ziegler and the Nazi Party in Munich from 19 July to 30 November 1937. The exhibition presented 650 works of art, confiscated from German museums, and was staged in counterpoint to the concurrent Great German Art Exhibition. The day before the exhibition started, Hitler delivered a speech declaring "merciless war" on cultural disintegration, attacking "chatterboxes, dilettantes and art swindlers". Degenerate art was defined as works that "insult German feeling, or destroy or confuse natural form or simply reveal an absence of adequate manual and artistic skill". One million people attended the exhibition in its first six weeks. A U.S. critic commented "there are probably plenty of people - art lovers - in Boston, who will side with Hitler in this particular purge".
Background.
The exhibition was the idea of Adolf Ziegler and Goebbels, arising from Hitler's passionate critique of modern art and its practitioners: "incompetents, cheats and madmen". On 30 June, Hitler signed an order authorizing the Degenerate Art Exhibition. In 1936, Ziegler became the president of the Chamber of Art, and after Hitler gave permission for the new exhibition, he headed a five-man commission that toured state collections in numerous cities, in two weeks seizing 5,238 works they deemed degenerate (showing qualities such as "decadence", "weakness of character","mental disease", and "racial impurity"). This collection would be boosted by subsequent raids on museums, for future exhibitions. The commission focused on works by artists mentioned in avant-garde publications, and was aided by some vehement opponents of modern art, such as Wolfgang Willrich. Imitating Hitler, Ziegler delivered a mordant critique of modern art at the opening of the Degenerate Art Exhibition on 19 July 1937.
Event.
The exhibition was hosted in the Institute of Archeology in the Hofgarten. The venue was chosen for its particular qualities (dark, narrow rooms). Many works were displayed without frames and partially covered by derogatory slogans. No catalog was created for it, and it had to be reconstructed by modern scholars from secondary sources. The Degenerate Art Exhibition included 650 paintings, sculptures and prints by 112 artists, primarily German. Displayed were the works of Marc Chagall, Georg Grosz, Wassily Kandinsky, Ernst Ludwig Kirchner, Paul Klee, Georg Kolbe, Wilhelm Lehmbruck, Franz Marc, Emil Nolde and others. Ziegler also confiscated works of foreign artists, such as Pablo Picasso, Jean Metzinger, Albert Gleizes and Piet Mondrian, but those for the most part were not displayed, as the exhibition focused on German works. The exhibition lasted until 30 November 1937, and 2,009,899 visitors attended it, an average of 20,000 people per day.
Layout.
The first three rooms were grouped thematically. The first room contained works considered demeaning of religion; the second featured works by Jewish artists in particular; the third contained works deemed insulting to the women, soldiers and farmers of Germany. The rest of the exhibit had no particular theme.
There were slogans painted on the walls. For example:
Political goals.
Speeches of Nazi party leaders contrasted with artist manifestos from various art movements, such as Dada and Surrealism. Next to many paintings were labels indicating how much money a museum spent to acquire the artwork. In the case of paintings acquired during the post-war Weimar hyperinflation of the early 1920s, when the cost of a kilo loaf of bread reached 233 billion German marks, the prices of the paintings were of course greatly exaggerated. The exhibit was designed to promote the idea that modernism was a conspiracy by people who hated German decency, frequently identified as Jewish-Bolshevist, although only six of the 112 artists included in the exhibition were in fact Jewish.
The exhibition was held simultaneously with the "Große Deutsche Kunstausstellung" ("Great German Art Exhibition"), which was to show the more classical and "racially pure" type of art advocated by the Nazi regime. That exhibition was hosted near Hofgarten, in the Haus der Deutschen Kunst. It was described as mediocre by modern sources, and attracted only about half the numbers of the Degenerate Art one.
Subsequent events.
Another Degenerate Art Exhibition was hosted a few months later in Berlin, and later in Leipzig, Düsseldorf, Weimar, Halle, Vienna and Salzburg, to be seen by another million or so people. Many works were later sold off, although interested buyers were scarce and prices dropped drastically with the addition of such a large quantity of works to the art market: Goebbels wrote of them changing hands between U.S. collectors for "ten cents a kilo", although some "foreign exchange ... will go into the pot for war expenses, and after the war will be devoted to the purchase of art. Almost 5,000 were burned on 20 March 1939.
300 of the exhibited works were apparently stolen by art dealer Hildebrand Gurlitt who reported them destroyed by bombardments. They were seized from his son's apartment in 2013.
In 2014 the Neue Galerie New York staged "Degenerate Art: The Attack on Modern Art in Nazi Germany", an exhibition bringing together paintings and sculptures from the 1937 exhibition along with films and photos of the original installations, promotional and propaganda materials and some surviving Nazi-approved art from the official exhibition set up to contrast with the modernist and avant-garde works the Nazis considered “degenerate”.

</doc>
<doc id="36852427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852427" title="Sarab-e Karzan">
Sarab-e Karzan

Sarab-e Karzan (, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kārzān and Sarāb-e Kārāzān) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 746, in 151 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852443" title="Abzar">
Abzar

Abzar (, also Romanized as Ābzār) is a village in Rudar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852444" title="Curthwaite railway station">
Curthwaite railway station

Curthwaite was a railway station on the Maryport and Carlisle Railway (M&CR) serving West Curthwaite and Thursby in Cumbria. The station was opened by the M&CR in 1843 and lay in the Parish of Westward.
History.
Curthwaite station was opened by the Maryport & Carlisle Railway in 1843. At grouping in 1923 the M&CR became a part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. It was closed by the British Transport Commission in 1950 (as an economy measure), two years after the railway system was nationalised.
The main Carlisle-Maryport line (completed in 1845) remains open and forms part of the Cumbrian Coast Line between Carlisle and Barrow in Furness.
The station had two through platforms, with a station building that survives as a private house and also a water tower that survives and is now a listed building. The platforms have been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="36852450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852450" title="Eslamiyeh, Ilam">
Eslamiyeh, Ilam

Eslamiyeh (, also Romanized as Eslāmīyeh; also known as Shāh Eyvān Cheshmeh-ye Chāhī, Shāhīvānd, and Shāhīvān-e Cheshmeh Shāhī) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 364, in 81 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852451" title="Lalmai Chandi Temple">
Lalmai Chandi Temple

Lalmai Chandi Temple, also called Chandimata Mandir is an ancient Hindu temple located on the summit of the Lalmai hill in Barura Upazila of Comilla District, Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess Kali. There is a temple dedicated to the God Shiva nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="36852456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852456" title="Aida Karina Estrada">
Aida Karina Estrada

Aida Karina Estrada Abril de Toledo (born 1987) is a Guatemalan beauty pageant winner.
Estrada was Miss Teen Guatemala in 2004, Miss Guatemala Universe in 2005 and International Coffee Queen in 2006.
She married Juan Pablo Toledo in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36852468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852468" title="The Nimble School">
The Nimble School

The Nimble School is a private fee-paying English Medium School in Mirpur, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. The school provides preschool, primary, secondary education O levels A Levels, and preparation for the International General Certificate of Education (GCE) Exams.

</doc>
<doc id="36852475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852475" title="Baghleh">
Baghleh

Baghleh (, also Romanized as Bāghleh; also known as Bāqleh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 166, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852496" title="Shah Mansur, Iran">
Shah Mansur, Iran

Shah Mansur () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852497" title="Konrad Hubert">
Konrad Hubert

Konrad Hubert, also Konrad Huber, Konrad Huober, or Konrad Humbert (13 April 1507 – 13 April 1577), was a German Reformed theologian, hymn writer and reformer. He was for 18 years the assistant of Martin Bucer at St. Thomas, Strasbourg.
Life.
Hubert was born in Bergzabern. He attended a school in Heidelberg from 1519. From 1526, he studied in Basel. He stayed with Johannes Oecolampadius who influenced him. He had the chance to meet numerous people with whom he corresponded later, including Johannes Oporinus, Thomas Plater and Johann Gast.
After the battle at Kappel am Albis, Oecolampadius recommended him to his friend Martin Bucer who accepted him as his assistant (diaconus) in Strasbourg at St. Thomas. When Bucer was on his frequent travels, Hubert stepped in for him. Hubert worked for Bucer dutifully for 18 years. It was part of his job to make Bucer's ideas and concepts readable, because Bucer's handwriting was difficult to read. When Bucer left his post in 1549 and fled to England, Johann Marbach introduced Lutheranism. Hubert did not agree, he was expelled from the "Kirchenkonvent" in 1562 and was dismissed from St. Thomas in 1563. After that he worked as a free-lance preacher.
After Bucer's death in 1551, Hubert planned to publish Bucer's works which were extant in prints and manuscripts. He faced opposition and withdrew from church life more and more. In 1556 he seemed close to publishing the works with the help of Johannes Sturm at Oporinus in Basel. However, only the first volume appeared, titled "Martini Buceri scripta Anglicana fere omnia" in 1577. Hubert edited the Strasbourg hymnals of 1560 and 1572. He died in Strasbourg.
He is remembered for his hymns. He wrote the hymn "Allein zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ", published in 1540, that Bach used as the base for his chorale cantata "Allein zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ, BWV 33" in 1724. Hubert's hymn "O Gott, du höchster Gnadenhort" is part of the hymnal of the Evangelical Church in Germany (EKG).

</doc>
<doc id="36852500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852500" title="Shah Mansuri">
Shah Mansuri

Shah Mansuri () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852507" title="Mumbai 125 KM 3D">
Mumbai 125 KM 3D

Mumbai 125 KM 3D is an upcoming Indian horror film directed by Hemant Madhukar and starring Veena Malik, Karanvir Bohra, Vedita Pratap Singh, Joey Debroy, Vije Bhatia. Mani Sharma is composing the music. The film is shot entirely on Stereoscopic 3D cameras. A 35 second teaser was released in January 14, 2013 on YouTube. The theatrical trailer was released in January 30. 
Summary.
Group of friends goes on an innocent joy ride on a Friday night are forced to stop 125 kilometers away from Mumbai where they encounter something that would prove destruction of their lives.

</doc>
<doc id="36852511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852511" title="Ziadiyah">
Ziadiyah

Ziadiyah () is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Dabiq to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Ziadiyah had a population of 3,576 in the 2004 census.

</doc>
<doc id="36852517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852517" title="Lunacloud">
Lunacloud

Lunacloud is a cloud computing Infrastructure-as-a-Service provider, based in Europe.
History.
Lunacloud was founded in 2011 by António Miguel Ferreira and Charles Nasser and launched its services to the general public on June 1, 2012. It provides Cloud Computing Infrastructure-as-a-Service, such as Cloud Servers and Cloud Storage as well as Platform-as-a-Service, such as Cloud Mongo and Cloud Jelastic.

</doc>
<doc id="36852522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852522" title="Buzhan, Ilam">
Buzhan, Ilam

Buzhan (, also Romanized as Būzhān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 249, in 47 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852524" title="Hawaii Center for Volcanology">
Hawaii Center for Volcanology

The Hawaii Center for Volcanology is a cooperative effort between the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory of the United States Geological Survey, and the Center for the Study of Active Volcanoes at the University of Hawaii at Hilo. The loosely organized cooperative was created in 1992 to "bring together experts from around the state of Hawaii so that we might better understand these magical mountains of fire", and consists of approximately 80 scientists; its site is maintained by members of the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology staff.

</doc>
<doc id="36852533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852533" title="Chegeni">
Chegeni

Chegeni (, also Romanized as Chegenī; also known as Chegīnī) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 183, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852537" title="Peter J. Countryman">
Peter J. Countryman

Peter J. Countryman (April 13, 1942 - October 15, 1992) was an American social activist and civil rights leader. He founded the Northern Student Movement at Yale University in 1961 and served as its executive director until 1963. Born in Chicago, Countryman directed a tutorial project in Philadelphia aimed at helping minority teenagers. He was one of the founders in 1967 of People for Human Rights, an interracial Philadelphia-area group. In 1970, he visited Cuba with the Venceremos Brigade. He contracted HIV/AIDS through IV drug use and died in West Lafayette, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="36852547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852547" title="Cham Jangal, Ilam">
Cham Jangal, Ilam

Cham Jangal () is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 241, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852557" title="Campo da Feiteira">
Campo da Feiteira

Campo da Feiteira was a football dirt field in Lisbon, Portugal. It started as field for Grupo Sport de Benfica to organize Sports Festivals. In 26 May 1907, Grupo Sport de Benfica officially taken over of Quinta da Feiteira, next to Estrada de Benfica, having from now on, a 120 meters per 79 metres field, for 20$ a semester. In 14 July 1907 it celebrated here, the first anniversary of Grupo Sport de Benfica.
Grupo Sport Lisboa (GSL) didn't have a field in his originating area (Belém) but since some of its members were also members of GSB, they knew about Campo da Feiteira, and despite their quality, it wasn't used for football. So in 24 November 1907, Grupo Sport Lisboa played for the first time in Campo da Feiteira, even thought as neutral field, counting to the Lisbon Football Championship, Grupo Sport Lisboa beat Internacional (CIF).
In March 1908, Grupo Sport Benfica changes its name to Sport Clube de Benfica. In 13 September 1908, after absorbing its members and the playing field of Grupo Sport Benfica, Grupo Sport Lisboa adds Benfica to its name, becoming then Sport Lisboa e Benfica (SLB) and playing in Campo da Quinta da Feiteira.
Sport Lisboa e Benfica left after excessive rent, 400$ for semester. They changed to Campo dos Sete Rios. 
Campo da Feiteira was converted into houses. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852561" title="Última Hora (Brazil)">
Última Hora (Brazil)

Última Hora was a left-orientated tabloid-style newspaper published in Brazil, established in 1951 by the journalist Samuel Wainer. Initially the paper was published in Rio de Janeiro, later also in São Paulo. It was followed by a national edition, based in São Paulo with local supplements in Niterói, Porto Alegre, Belo Horizonte, Recife, Curitiba, Campinas, Santos, Bauru and the ABC Region surrounding São Paulo.
In 1971 the paper was taken over by the Folha Group, owners of the Folha de S. Paulo and other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="36852562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852562" title="Cham Jangal">
Cham Jangal

Cham Jangal or Cham-e Jangal () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852568" title="Cham Ruteh">
Cham Ruteh

Cham Ruteh (, also Romanized as Cham Rūteh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 481, in 101 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852574" title="Cham-e Shir, Ilam">
Cham-e Shir, Ilam

Cham-e Shir (, also Romanized as Cham-e Shīr and Cham Shīr; also known as Cham-e Zavīyeh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 520, in 109 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852585" title="Qurra ibn Sharik al-Absi">
Qurra ibn Sharik al-Absi

Qurra ibn Sharik al-Absi was the governor of Egypt in 709–715, under the Umayyad Caliphate. His governance was effective, and the chronicler al-Kindi reports that he "reorganized the "dīwān"" (the army registers, with the names of those entitled to "ʿatāʾ", government salary), rebuilt the mosque of Fustat and began irrigation works in the desert. According to Hugh N. Kennedy, he is "in some ways Qurra is the best-known of all the Umayyad governors of Egypt", since "it is from his period of office that the richest collection of administrative papyri survive". He died in office in 715.

</doc>
<doc id="36852598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852598" title="Cham-e Shir">
Cham-e Shir

Cham-e Shir or Cham-i-Shir or Cham Shir () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852609" title="Fairey Gannet AEW.3">
Fairey Gannet AEW.3

The Fairey Gannet AEW.3 was a variant of the Fairey Gannet anti-submarine warfare aircraft intended to be used in the airborne early warning (AEW) role on aircraft carriers of the Royal Navy. It was introduced to service in 1959 to replace the obsolete Douglas A-1 Skyraider, and was intended as an interim solution until the planned introduction of a new, purpose built AEW platform for use on a new type of aircraft carrier. Neither the new aircraft carriers nor the new AEW aircraft were proceeded with, and the Gannet AEW remained in service until the last aircraft carrier that could operate it was retired.
Design and development.
In the late 1950s, the Royal Navy operated the piston-engined Douglas A-1 Skyraider AEW aircraft from its aircraft carriers. However, the Skyraider was designed during the Second World War. It entered service with the RN in 1951 and was considered obsolete by the late 50s. As a consequence, the RN looked to its then standard anti-submarine aircraft, the Fairey Gannet, as a replacement.
The intention was to use the Gannet as a stop-gap measure prior to the acquisition of a new, purpose built system intended to be used on the planned new generation of aircraft carriers. As a consequence, it was intended to undertake as little in the way of modification as possible - the AN/APS-20 radar from the Skyraider would be mounted in a radome under the fuselage of an ordinary Gannet AS.1, with the associated electronics and space for two operators inside. However, the size of the radome meant that the existing airframe was too close to the ground to accommodate the radar, and so a significant modification to the fuselage was required. This involved removing the observer's cockpits and creating a new cabin within the fuselage; this was accessed via a pair of hatches next to the trailing edge of the wing, which also meant that the exhausts had to be moved from this position to the leading edge; increasing the total area of the vertical stabiliser to compensate for the instability caused by the radome; and extending the length of the undercarriage to increase the clearance for the radome, which consequently increased the aircraft's overall height by , and gave the aircraft a more level stance than the anti-submarine version.
The prototype Gannet AEW.3 first flew in August 1958, with carrier trials taking place using HMS "Centaur" in November, and the first production aircraft delivered in December. By August 1959, 700G Naval Air Squadron was formed as the Trials Unit for the new Gannet. This unit put the aircraft through an intensive test programme to make it ready for operation service, a process that lasted until January 1960, at which point the unit was renamed as 'A' Flight of 849 Naval Air Squadron. 849A Flight was then declared operational and was embarked for the first time in HMS "Ark Royal". A total of 44 Gannets were ordered for the Royal Navy to replace the Skyraider.
The Gannet AEW.3 was operated throughout its service by 849 NAS, which formed a total of four operational flights (A-D), each containing four AEW aircraft with a Gannet COD.4 for ship to shore communications. These flights were regularly deployed from the large aircraft carriers then in service with the Royal Navy. Additionally, it was intended that the Gannet would initially be deployed from the planned CVA-01 aircraft carrier, until the entry into service of a purpose built AEW aircraft. However, in the mid 1960s the British government brought in a series of defence cuts that led to the new carriers and their AEW aircraft being cancelled, and the phased withdrawal of fixed wing aviation in the Royal Navy. 849C Flight was disbanded in 1966 following the reduction of the carrier fleet to four ships ("Ark Royal", "Eagle", "Hermes" and "Victorious"). Subsequent carrier withdrawals led to the disbanding of 'A' Flight in 1970 and 'D' Flight in 1972. The final operational Gannets were operated by 'B' Flight aboard "Ark Royal" following that ship's major refit and recommissioning in 1970. The Gannet continued in service until the final decommissioning of "Ark Royal" in 1978 - a Gannet of 849B Flight was the last aircraft to be recovered by the ship on Saturday 18 November 1978. The withdrawal of "Ark Royal" meant that there was no longer a platform available in the Royal Navy to operate the Gannet, and hence 849 Naval Air Squadron was disbanded in December 1978, leaving the Royal Navy without embedded airborne early warning.
AEW Mk. 7.
The AN/APS-20 radar was initially developed during the Second World War and had significant limitations to its capability, in terms of its performance at low level over water such that it had difficulty differentiating between sea clutter and actual targets, and short-range. As a consequence, there were attempts to develop an updated AEW system for use on Royal Navy carriers, one of which was a proposed version of the Gannet, which would have become the AEW Mk. 7. The ventral radome containing the AN/APS-20 radar would have been replaced with a dorsal rotating dome ("rotodome"), similar to that used on the US Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye (possibly to contain a version of the AN/APS-125 pulse-doppler radar). The size of the rotodome, and its position would have meant the single tailfin being substituted by a twin tail arrangement. In the end, this proposal was not proceeded with.
Subsequent AEW in the Royal Navy.
The phased withdrawal of the Gannet AEW, as part of the draw-down of fixed wing aviation in the Fleet Air Arm, led to a need for the Royal Air Force to take over the provision of Airborne Early Warning for the UK Air Defence Region. As an interim solution until a purpose built system could be procured, the radar and electronic systems from redundant Gannets were fitted to similarly redundant Avro Shackletons; the Shackleton was a maritime patrol aircraft then in the process of being replaced. However, this still meant that the Royal Navy, then in the process of introducing a new type of small aircraft carrier incapable of operating conventional fixed-wing aircraft, lacked an embedded AEW platform that could be used as part of the carrier task group. This lack of organic AEW capability following the withdrawal of the Gannet was seen as misguided, particularly following the experience of the Falklands War, in which the Royal Navy lost four ships due to the Task Force being reliant on shipborne air search. As a consequence, the Westland Sea King helicopter was modified to incorporate the Searchwater radar system for use in the AEW role from the "Invincible" class.
Operational history.
The Royal Navy developed its tactics in regards to airborne early warning using the Skyraider, and evolved them with the increased capabilities of the Gannet, in that aircraft had observers trained to interpret the information coming in from the onboard radar, and use it to control either the combat air patrol to intercept incoming strike aircraft, or alternatively direct its own aircraft to strike and attack a target.
However, due to the quality of the equipment, the Gannet had limited command and control capability, built as it was around the AN/APS-20 S-Band search radar and AN/APX-7 IFF set, connected to the AN/ART-28 "Bellhop" datalink. The datalink would transmit the information received through the Gannet's onboard systems to the operations room on the aircraft carrier (or whichever ship was charged with directing the Gannet's operations), which would then act accordingly to any threat presented. However, the Gannet had no on board processing equipment, which meant that the observers had to interpret the raw radar signal.
The Gannet had a three person crew, consisting of the pilot, located in the cockpit at the front of the aircraft, and a pair of observers in the cabin in the fuselage, accessible via a hatch next to the trailing edge of the wing. The aircraft had a typical endurance of 5–6 hours and a maximum altitude of . The Gannet tended to cruise on just one engine of the Double Mamba powerplant; alternating between the two engines every half an hour.
The sole operational Gannet squadron, 849 NAS had over the course of its time operating the aircraft a total of four operational flights plus the HQ flight. The HQ flight was stationed at three Fleet Air Arm air stations over the period of Gannet operation, while the majority of the operational flights were assigned to more than one aircraft carrier over the course of the Fleet Air Arm's use of the aircraft, with five RN carriers operating Gannet AEW flights.
Production.
All 44 Gannet AEW.3s were built at the Fairey factory at Hayes; the prototype and first two production aircraft were then transported by road to RAF Northolt for their first flight. The remainder of the aircraft first flew at White Waltham Airfield. 
One prototype (serial number "XJ440") to be built at Hayes was ordered on 14 December 1954 against specification AEW.154D and first flown at RAF Northolt on 20 August 1958. The production aircraft were ordered as specification AEW.154P in three separate batches:
The final AEW.3 built was delivered to the Royal Navy on 6 June 1963.
Survivors.
The majority of Royal Navy Gannets were scrapped following withdrawal. The drawdown of the Gannet force in the late 1960s and early 1970s however led to a significant amount of electronic equipment being removed from the Gannet airframes for installation in Avro Shackleton aircraft of the Royal Air Force, which allowed the RAF to undertake its own AEW operations. In addition, a handful continued flying operations in the hands of civilian operators into the 1980s - one was used by Hamilton Standard in the United States for propeller vibration trials, while another was used by Dowty Rotol for propeller development purposes. In addition, a further AEW3 was used as a private display aircraft at airshows until the late 1980s. As of 2012, one aircraft (XL500 civil registered as "G-KAEW"), which was once flown by Prince Charles, was undergoing comprehensive restoration to airworthy condition by Hunter Flying.
Five aircraft are on display:

</doc>
<doc id="36852623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852623" title="Adelyn Dohme Breeskin">
Adelyn Dohme Breeskin

Adelyn Breskin was a curator, museum director, and respected art historian known for her longtime leadership of the Baltimore Museum of Art and Mary Cassatt scholarship.
Biography.
Adelyn Breeskin was born in 1896 in Baltimore to Alfred Robert Louis Dohme and Emmie Blumner (Dohme). In 1918, she received her bachelor's degree from the Boston School of Fine Arts, Crafts, and Decorative Design. Breeskin then served as an assistant in the print department of the Metropolitan Museum of Art with Kathryn B. Child under the curator of prints, William Mills Ivins. In 1920, she married the violinist Elias Breeskin (1895–1869), but the couple divorced in 1930.
Breeskin moved to Baltimore to work as a curator in the Baltimore Museum of Art and was promoted to director of the museum in 1942. As the director of the Baltimore Museum of Art, Breeskin established a works on paper collection, supervised an exhibit of John Russell Pope, mounted the show “Abstract Expressionism,” oversaw expansion to the institution, acted as commissioner for the American Contingent of 30th Venice Biennale, and negotiated the donation of Etta and Claribel Cone Cone Collection.
In 1962, Breeskin left the Baltimore Museum of Art to become the head of Washington Gallery of Modern Art. Breeskin currated shows such as “Roots of Abstract Art in America” in 1965, but she resigned two years later. From 1960 to 1974, she served as the curator of contemporary painting and sculpture at the National Collection of Fine Arts later called the National Museum of American Art where she featured artists such as Mary Cassatt, Milton Avery, H. Lyman Sayen, William J. Johnson, and Bob Thompson (painter).
Mary Cassatt.
Beginning her research in the 1940s, Breeskin authored two catalogue raisonnés on Cassatt’s paintings, oils, and pastels and Cassatt’s watercolors and drawings. She acted as curator of the Cassatt retrospective exhibition at the National Gallery of Art in 1970 though she was simultaneously working on the Sayn and Johnson shows. Several hours a week, Breeskin devoted time to adding information to her catalogues and answering numerous questions from collectors from around the world.
Awards.
1956 President of the Association of Art Museum Directors
1976 Katherine Caffey Award for Distinguished Accomplishment in the Museum Profession
1984 Saluted by Women’s caucas of the American Association of Museums as “an exemplary model whose distinguished career is permanently etched in the fertile ground of American art history.”
1985 Smithsonian Institution presented her their highest award, the Gold Medal for Exceptional Service

</doc>
<doc id="36852628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852628" title="Cham-e Dar Balut">
Cham-e Dar Balut

Cham-e Dar Balut (, also Romanized as Cham-e Dār Balūţ; also known as Dār Balūţ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 104, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852638" title="Dogar, Ilam">
Dogar, Ilam

Dogar (, also Romanized as Do Gar; also known as Do Gol) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852644" title="Porzhensky Pogost">
Porzhensky Pogost

The Porzhensky Pogost () is a pogost near Porzhenka River in the Kenozersky National Park, Russia, with several wooden religious buildings of 18th century, surrounded by partially preserved fence. Administratively, it is located in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast. The Porzhensky Pogost is located at the outskirts of the abandoned Porzhenskoye village, on the top of a hill, in the center of a small field. The pogost was built on a secluded pagan site and includes an 18th-century church with a bell tower, emulating the Russian architectural style of the 16th–17th centuries.
The pogost was designated by the Russian government as an architectural monument of federal significance (#2910079000).

</doc>
<doc id="36852666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852666" title="Dogar, Iran">
Dogar, Iran

Dogar or Do Gar or Dowgar or Duger () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852680" title="Ana Rivas Logan">
Ana Rivas Logan

Ana Rivas Logan (born May 16, 1961) is an American politician from the state of Florida. She serves as the District 114 representative in the Florida House of Representatives. She was first elected in 2010, but was defeated in the 2012 primary election by fellow incumbent Jose Felix Diaz, after redistricting drew her into the same Kendall-based district as Diaz. 
Before being elected Rivas served from 2004 through 2010 on Miami-Dade County School Board. She earned her Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Florida International University and a Master's Degree in the same discipline from Nova Southeastern University. 
Logan was a member of the Republican Party until 2014. In February 2014, she announced her switch to the Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="36852712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852712" title="Jemez Canyon Dam">
Jemez Canyon Dam

Jemez Canyon Dam (National ID # NM00003) is a dam in Bernalillo County, New Mexico, a few miles north of Albuquerque. 
The earthen dam was constructed in 1953 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, with a height of 150 feet and a length at its crest of 870 feet. It impounds the Jemez River for flood control and storm water management in the spring and early summer seasons. The dam is owned by the Corps of Engineers, and operated by the Corps and the Cochiti Lake Project Office. 
The reservoir it creates, Jemez Canyon Reservoir, has a normal water surface of 2.2 square miles and a maximum capacity of 264,700 acre-feet. Normal storage is about one tenth that volume. Recreation is limited. There is no access to the water. All land surrounding the reservoir, except a small day-use area with picnic facilities and a scenic overlook, is the property of the Santa Ana Indian Reservation, with restricted access.

</doc>
<doc id="36852714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852714" title="Władysław Szulist">
Władysław Szulist

Władysław Szulist, born October 10, 1936 in the Kashubian village of Skorzewo, is a Roman Catholic priest and Kashubian-Pomeranian scholar. He received his training at the Collegium Leoninum at Wejherowo, the Collegium Marianum at Pelplin, and the Pelplin Higher Seminary (Wyższe Seminarium Duchowne w Pelplinie). He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest in 1959.
Father Szulist has combined with his pastoral labors a particular research interest in the Kashubian diaspora to North America. Over the years he traveled extensively through the United States and Canada to further his research, examining archival material and consulting with scholars. Among Father Szulist's numerous works, as categorized by Worldcat are works on the Kashubian American communities of Winona, Minnesota, Stevens Point, Wisconsin, Pine Creek, Wisconsin, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He wrote a book about the Carl Maria Splett, a catholic bishop who collaborated with Nazis.
In 1998, Father Szulist was awarded the "Stolem" medal by the Kashubian-Pomeranian Association for his contributions to Kashubian culture. In more recent years he has also published works on Kociewie ethnic history: his book "Przeszłość obecnych obszarów Diecezji Pelplińskiej 1772-1920" ("Past and present areas of the Pelplin Diocese 1772-1920") was awarded a prize for history at the Seventh Annual Book Fair - Costerina (Koscierzyna) in 2006.
In 2009, the fiftieth anniversary of Father Szulist's ordination was observed by a surprise celebration in Lipusz, attended by scholarly, civic, and church dignitaries from around Kashubia. Now retired from active priestly ministry, Father Szulist has remained in Lipusz, where he continues his prolific scholarly activity. He speaks Kashubian language.

</doc>
<doc id="36852738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852738" title="Selden Ring Award">
Selden Ring Award

The University of Southern California's Selden Ring Award for Investigative Journalism is given by the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism is a coveted award that includes $35,000 cash recognizing investigative reporting that has had an impact and caused change.

</doc>
<doc id="36852745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852745" title="Preserje">
Preserje

Preserje is the name of several settlements in Slovenia:

</doc>
<doc id="36852750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852750" title="Asociacion de Negros Ecuatorianos">
Asociacion de Negros Ecuatorianos

Asociación de Negros Ecuatorianos (ASONE) is a foundation for the Social and Cultural Development of Afro-Ecuadorians in Ecuador. It was established on 30 January 1988. The president as of 2012 was Daniel Cañola.

</doc>
<doc id="36852796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852796" title="Alio Die">
Alio Die

Alio Die ("Stefano Musso") is an Italian organic ambient composer and producer. Stefano Musso studied art and electronics in Milan, Italy, and began performing music in 1989.
Overview.
His music is a fusion of acoustical elements, samples, echoing percussion, and deep, atmospheric sound design with elements of entropic formlessness. Alio Die style has a lot in common with traditional Indian raga music in building an entire song from a simple, continuous starting tone.
"Label Press" wrote the following about him:
Discography.
Notable albums include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36852798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852798" title="Jan Jan, Ilam">
Jan Jan, Ilam

Jan Jan (, also Romanized as Jān Jān; also known as Jājān-e Borzog and Jān Jān-e Āsmānābād) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,048, in 229 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852816" title="Mohamed Osman Jawari">
Mohamed Osman Jawari

Prof. Mohamed Osman Jawari (, ) (born December 7, 1945 in Afgooye, Somalia) is a Somali attorney and politician. He is the current Speaker of the Federal Parliament of Somalia. He also briefly served as acting President of Somalia in August and September 2012.
Background.
Personal life.
Jawari was born in 1945 in the town of Afgooye, Somalia, to a family from the Rahanweyn clan. He originally hails from the southern Bay and Bakool regions.
Jawari is multilingual. Besides Somali, he also speaks Arabic, Italian, English and Norwegian.
Education.
After graduating from high school, Jawari obtained a degree in Law from the Somali National University in Mogadishu.
Early career.
Jawari is a lawyer by profession.
In a political capacity, he held the Minister of Transportation portfolio in the government of former President of Somalia Siad Barre, followed by a position as the Minister of Labor and Sports.
After the civil war broke out in 1991, Jawari moved to Norway. He later returned to Somalia in the 2000s.
Jawari was subsequently elected as chairman of the committee of specialists tasked with formulating Somalia's draft constitution, putting to use his experience as a legal expert while working alongside UN officials. The constitution was eventually adopted in July 2012.
Speaker of the Federal Parliament.
Appointment.
In 2012, Jawari presented himself as a candidate in the first elections for a Speaker of the Federal Parliament to take place within Somalia in two decades. In the televised and radio-broadcast parliamentary session held on 28 August 2012 at the Gen. Kahiye Police Academy near the Mogadishu International Airport, Jawari beat four other candidates for the post, all of whom had previously served as government ministers during the transitional period. The hopefuls included Abdiabshir Abdullahi, Abdirashid Mohamed Hidig, Hassan Abshir Farah and Ali Khalif Galeyr, a former Prime Minister in the Transitional National Government. Jawari received 119 votes during the first round of ballots versus 77 votes for Galeyr, who placed second. Galeyr subsequently withdrew from the race prior to the second round run-off and congratulated Jawari, who was then named the new Parliamentary Speaker.
Following the parliamentary session, Jawari stated: "I am honoured to have been selected as the first speaker of a parliament that is not transitional and I hope we can be a parliament that serves the people it represents[... The election was held in a transparent way and I hope that Somalia will continue elections that are held in a democratic way[...] I am confident that this parliament will help Somalia achieve positive changes in security and governance".
Representatives for the United Nations, the European Union and the United States government all welcomed Jawari's appointment, urging the Somali authorities to hold the scheduled presidential elections without delay. US ambassador to Somalia James C. Swan described the speakership ballot as an "historic election", with UN Special Envoy to Somalia Augustine Mahiga writing in a statement that "this is a moment of progress and optimism." Similarly, Alex Rondos, the EU Special Representative for the Horn of Africa, called Jawari's selection "another positive step forward."
Jaylaani Nur Ikar and Mahad Abdalle Awad were later chosen by parliament as Jawari's First and Second Deputy Speakers, respectively.
President of Somalia.
As Speaker of Parliament, Jawari also briefly served as acting President of Somalia while the parliament elected a new leader. On 30 August 2012, the Federal Parliament convened and unanimously endorsed a new committee tasked with overseeing the presidential elections. At the parliamentary session chaired by Jawari, 15 MPs were named to the body, with former acting Speaker Muse Hassan Sheikh Sayid Abdulle appointed as the commission's chairperson. Hassan Sheikh Mohamud then succeeded Jawari as President, having been elected on 10 September 2012 and inaugurated into office six days later.
Parliamentary finance committee.
In February 2014, Minister of Finance Hussein Abdi Halane announced the establishment of a new financial governance committee. The panel is part of an effort by the central authorities to build a more transparent financial system in order to attract additional foreign budget assistance. It will see Somali officials confer with World Bank, International Monetary Fund and African Development Bank representatives, with committee members tasked with providing advice on financial matters. On 29 March 2014, during a parliamentary session, Parliament Speaker Jawari also announced that all withdrawals from the Central Bank would as of 1 April 2014 require the written approval of the parliamentary finance committee.
Southwestern State.
On 22 June 2014, the federal government concluded its mediation between the supporters of the parallel three-region and six-region processes for a new Southwestern State of Somalia. Wings from both sides had reportedly reached an agreement on the prospective regional state's formation. On 23 June 2014, the office of Federal Parliament Speaker Jawari is slated to host an event announcing the merger of the two competing administrations into a single three-region state, which is to be composed of the Bay, Bakool and Lower Shabelle provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="36852818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852818" title="Heyvand">
Heyvand

Heyvand (; also known as Shāhīvand) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852819" title="Last Call (1994 American talk show)">
Last Call (1994 American talk show)

Last Call was a late-night talk show that aired in syndication in 1994 to 1995.
Format.
Created by Brandon Tartikoff, "Last Call" was an experiment in television. The show was set in a loft that disguised the true time at which it was taped, allowing the late night viewer to assume they were watching a live broadcast. The show had four hosts that bantered with each other over different topics in the news, and featured topical guests and musical guests. Musical acts tended to be of the alternative music genre, such as the band Scarce.
Hosts.
The different hosts included Tad Low, critic Elvis Mitchell, magazine editor Terry McDonell, actress/writer Brianne Leary, and London "Sunday Times" correspondent Sue Ellicott.
Reception.
The show was not well received, with "Entertainment Weekly's" reviewer calling it "a younger, hipper "McLaughlin Group"" with hosts who "giggle, gabble, and groan."

</doc>
<doc id="36852821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852821" title="Azamat Dzhioev">
Azamat Dzhioev

Azamat Dzhioev (born 6 January 1991) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC MITOS Novocherkassk.

</doc>
<doc id="36852823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852823" title="Murad Machaev">
Murad Machaev

Murad Machaev (; born December 3, 1986) is a Russian mixed martial artist of Dagestani descent currently fighting in the lightweight division for the Bellator Fighting Championships. He is the winner of the 2011 Fedor Emelianenko Cup.
Mixed martial arts career.
Bellator MMA.
In August 2012, it was announced that Machaev had signed a contract with Bellator.
Machaev faced Marcin Held in the opening round of the Lightweight tournament on October 19, 2012 at Bellator 77. He lost via unanimous decision (29–28, 29–28, 29–28).
Machaev faced Lorawnt-T Nelson on November 16, 2012 at . He won the fight via unanimous decision (30–27, 30–27, 30–27).
Fight Nights MMA.
Machaev faced Ivica Truscek on December 16, 2012 at Fight Nights 9. He won via submission in the first round.
Machaev faced Andrius Hobaldo on April 20, 2013 at Fight Nights 11. He won via KO in first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36852829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852829" title="Gary Walsh (Gaelic footballer)">
Gary Walsh (Gaelic footballer)

Gary Walsh is an Irish former Gaelic football goalkeeper.
Biography.
From Ballyshannon, Walsh was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team and played for the county from 1984 until 1996. He played as a goalkeeper and only conceded three goals in six matches in the 1992 championship season, winning an All Star Award. At club level he played for Aodh Ruadh and now lives in Derry as an accountant with Derry City Council.His wife is called Elaine and has a daughter (13) called Shannon, Shannon won the world irishdancing championships under 13 this year in city west Dublin.
Walsh won two Down Senior Football Championships with Burren.

</doc>
<doc id="36852840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852840" title="Kamangaran">
Kamangaran

Kamangaran (, also Romanized as Kamāngarān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852846" title="Lala, Ilam">
Lala, Ilam

Lala (, also Romanized as Lālā) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852855" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's team – Class 4–5">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's team – Class 4–5

The women's team class 4-5 table tennis event was be part of the table tennis programme at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The event took place from Wednesday 5 September to Friday 8 September.
Bracket.
The draw for team events took place on 28 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36852856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852856" title="Sharon Wauchob">
Sharon Wauchob

Sharon Wauchob is an Irish designer who studied at the Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design in London. Shortly after graduating, Wauchob moved to Paris, where she got to work for Koji Tatsuno under who she developed her knowledge of textiles and honed her design style that favours Japan-influenced asymmetrical cuts and ingenious drapery. Later, an in-house designer at Louis Vuitton LVMH, she cultivated her skills of inventiveness and experimentation.
In 1998, Sharon decided to launch her own label under her own name specializing in “alternative” fashion. She shows her collections twice yearly during the Paris Fashion Week.
In May 2009 EDUN, the global fashion brand of Ali Hewson and her husband, U2 singer Bono, appointed Sharon Wauchob as the new creative director.

</doc>
<doc id="36852857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852857" title="Itziar Bakero">
Itziar Bakero

Itziar Bakero Escudero (born 24 July 1969) is a Spanish former football midfielder who played for Añorga KKE in the former División de Honor, with which she won three championships and three national cups.
Her brother José María was also an international footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36852888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852888" title="Backupify">
Backupify

Backupify, Inc. is among the first major cloud-to-cloud backup providers, duplicating data found in popular web applications and software as a service solutions to an independent, third-party online data storage system. The company is often associated with the data liberation movement.
History.
Founded in 2008 by Rob May, creator of Business Pundit blog, Backupify was originally known as Lifestream Backup, as the company initially provided backup for lifestreaming services such as Photobucket, Twitter, Flickr and Friendfeed. In Oct. of 2009, the company rebranded as Backupify because, in May's words, "We have really moved beyond lifestreaming. Many of the tools we backup ... aren’t really lifestreaming tools." In Dec. of 2009, Backupify caught the attention of Jason Calcanis, who invited May to pitch potential investors at the first Open Angel Forum. This led to a $5.5 million venture funding round, which prompted Backupify to relocate from Louisville, KY to Cambridge, MA.
In May 2010, Backupify introduced Google Apps backup (since renamed Backupify for Google Apps), the company's first business product separate from its original consumer-focused web application backup service. Backupify has since shifted its focus from consumer-oriented cloud-to-cloud backup to more business-centric SaaS backup solutions, including Backupify for Salesforce. During Backupify's latest funding round, the company received a strategic investment from computer security software developer Symantec, though what role either business will play in the other's plans has not been publicly released.

</doc>
<doc id="36852898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852898" title="Dragon's Breath Cave">
Dragon's Breath Cave

The Dragon's Breath Cave is a cave located northwest of Grootfontein in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia.
Inside this cave lies the largest non-subglacial underground lake in the world, with an area of almost . The lake is located around below the surface. Its depth is unknown, though exploration to date suggests it is at least 100 m. The underground lake is inhabited by one of the world's rarest fish species, "Clarias cavernicola", also known as the golden cave catfish, according to BBC's documentary film Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36852903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852903" title="World Miss University Nigeria">
World Miss University Nigeria

World Miss University Nigeria (WMUN) is a national beauty contest held annually in Nigeria, since 2005, with an average of about 30 University undergraduates participating every year.
World Miss University (WMU) was established in 1986 by the United Nations under the patronage of the International Association of University Presidents IAUP, to commemorate the UN-designated year of peace. The contest encourages determination and hard work while discouraging inappropriate dressing and ethics among female undergraduates.
Delegate Service Program.
The delegates go through challenges to prove their conviction and skills in propagating the culture of ‘hand in hand for Peace’ which is the objective.
They stay at a rural service site, in a challenging environment to share and experience ‘Life’ with people living in difficult conditions, while being challenged to overcome their limitations and differences. These locations are chosen to let the delegates experience the reality between the poor and the rich and further give them an opportunity to think of how to resolve the gap and comprehend peace in different areas posing as challenges to the nation.
History.
Entertainment & Events Focus Limited secured the franchise to run World Miss University in Nigeria in In 2005. The World Miss University Nigeria has recorded huge success since its inception in Nigeria.
Winners.
! width="45"|Year
! width="200"|Name
! width="200"|University
! width="200"|State of Origin

</doc>
<doc id="36852908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852908" title="Sports News Network">
Sports News Network

Sports News Network (SNN), sometimes referred to as Mizlou Sports News Network, was the first 24 hour sports news cable channels owned by Mizlou Communications.
History.
In August 1989, Mizlou Communications announced the November launch of Sports News Network, a 24 hour sports news and interview basic channel. SNN moved from Washington, D. C. studios to Edison, N.J. on October 1, 1990. Mizlou in February 1990 maded a private placement of securities to keep SNN going. Mizlou maded another attempt before July 1990 and attempted a third placement of $15–$20 million in July 1990 for the network. SNN goes dark on December 17, 1990 as parent Mizlou Communications filed for bankruptcy. Mizlou was in talks with Landmark Communications and Telecable Corporation as a potential buyer of the channel. In January 1991, Landmark dropped plans for a sport news channel and its discussions with Mizlou for the purchases of Sports News Network due to Tele-Communications Inc.'s planned launch of Prime Sports News, a all sports news cable channel.

</doc>
<doc id="36852916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852916" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's team – Class 6–8">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's team – Class 6–8

The men's team class 6-8 table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The event took place from Wednesday 5 September to Friday 7 September.
Bracket.
The draw for team events took place on 28 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36852936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852936" title="Larini-ye Olya">
Larini-ye Olya

Larini-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Larīnī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Barāftāb-e Larīnī and Larīnī) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 226, in 45 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852943" title="Larini-ye Sofla">
Larini-ye Sofla

Larini-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Larīnī-ye Soflá; also known as Larīnī) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 370, in 77 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36852949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852949" title="Manglisi">
Manglisi

Manglisi () is a "daba" (small town) in the Tetritsqaro municipality, Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia. As of the 2002 census, it had the population of 2,752. With a recorded history going back to the 4th century, Manglisi was one of the earliest centers of Christianity in Georgia and is a home to the medieval cathedral of the Mother of God. It also functions as a mountain spa and health resort.
Geography and climate.
Manglisi is located on the southern slopes of the Trialeti Range, on the Tbilisi-Tsalka highway, west of Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, in the Algeti river valley. It is located at about above sea level and enjoys a subtropical climate, with warm summers (average temperature in July, 19°C) and mild winters (average temperature in January, −2°C). Annual precipitation is 700 mm. Manglisi also functions as a mountain resort.
Etymology.
The etymology of "Manglisi" may be related to the Old Georgian "mangali", "sickle", ultimately derived from the Syrian "maggəlā". The modern Georgian scholar Ketevan Kutateladze has conjectured that, the name of the locality, in the sense of "a crescent", may be a reflection of the Moon cult, an effect of which persisted in the system of religious beliefs of Georgians into the era of Christianity.
History.
Antiquity and Middle Ages.
In the early Bronze Age, the territory of Manglisi was part of the wider region, home to a kurgan culture. By the early Middle Ages, Manglisi and its environs strategically located on the course of the Algeti river formed a territorial unit known as Manglis-khevi, "the valley of Manglisi".
The Georgian historical tradition makes Manglisi, along with Mtskheta and Erusheti, one of the earliest church establishments in Kartli (Iberia) following King Mirian's conversion to Christianity in the 330s. According to the 11th-century historian Leonti Mroveli, Manglisi was the first place which the bishop John of Kartli, returning from his mission to Constantinople with a group of Byzantine priests and masons, chose to build a Christian church. There, the chronicle continues, he left the relics brought from Constantinople as presents of the emperor Constantine the Great, to the disappointment of King Mirian who wanted to have the relics at his capital, Mtskheta. 
Manglisi became a seat of the homonymous bishopric under Vakhtang I in the 5th century. The diocesan territory of Manglisi covered much of the Algeti valley and at times expanded beyond it. The church of Manglisi was also a site of pilgrimage for the neighboring Armenians until the catholicos Abraham of Armenia excommunicated the Georgians following an ecclesiastic schism between the two peoples in 607 and instructed his compatriots not to go on pilgrimage to Mtskheta and Manglisi. Manglisi was dispossessed of its relic, the foot-rest ("suppedaneum") of the Lord, by the Byzantine emperor Heraclius who passed through Kartli during his war with Iran in the 620s.
The valley of Manglisi appears in possession of the Juansheriani family, a branch of the former royal dynasty of Chosroids of Iberia, in the middle of the 8th century, and then of the Liparitids, whose one member Rati, a contemporary of Bagrat III (r. 978/1008–1014), is described by the Georgian chronicler to have held "the fortress of Ateni and all Kartli south of the Mtkuari, Trialeti, Manglis-khevi, and Skvireti." At the beginning of the 11th century, the cathedral of Manglisi, originally a tetraconch, was substantially reconstructed and refurbished. In 1121, the field of Didgori, not far from Manglisi, was a scene of the climactic victory of the Georgian king David IV over the Seljuq Turks. After a series of foreign invasions, more so following Timur’s campaigns, the valley of Manglisi went into gradual decline. By the 1770s, it had been listed among the emptied eparchies of the Georgian church. The abandoned cathedral still stood there, undisturbed by Georgia's Muslim intruders because, as the 18th-century historian Prince Vakhushti claims, they thought one of the frescoes in the church depicted Muhammad seated upon a lion. The fresco is, in fact, an image of St. Mammes of Caesarea.
Russian rule.
After the arrival of the Russian rule in Georgia, the depopulated village of Manglisi (, "Manglis") was chosen, in 1823, by General Aleksey Yermolov as the headquarters of one of the regiments under his command, to be called, after 1827, the 13th Erivansky Grenadier Regiment for its role in the victory at Erivan in the war with Persia. On this occasion, the Russian authorities had also transplanted some civilian families from the neighboring districts. By the early 1850s, Manglis had been a relatively well-organized Russian colony. The old cathedral was also restored from 1851 to 1857. The population, with an overwhelming Slavic majority, was up to 3,000 in 1892. By the early 1890s, Manglis had also acquired a spa status, where the people of Tiflis (Tbilisi) could escape the city's summer heat.
Modern Manglisi.
During the Soviet period, Manglisi continued to function as a spa and its sanatoriums provided services for people with respiratory diseases. In 1924, the state-run airline Zakavia organized a short-lived line Tiflis—Manglis to serve local tourist interests. On August 29, 1924, the Red Army barracks in Manglisi were raided, ultimately unsuccessfully, by anti-Soviet insurgents led by Kakutsa Cholokashvili. 
In 1926, the settlement was granted the status of "daba" (urban-type settlement). According to the nationwide Georgian census of 2002, Manglisi had the population of 2,752, a 30.1% drop from 3,939 in the last Soviet census of 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36852966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852966" title="Sabana de Nisibon">
Sabana de Nisibon

Sabana de Nisibon is an area of the North East side of the island Hispaniola. It is shared between Haiti and the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="36852972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852972" title="Larini, Iran">
Larini, Iran

Larini () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36852973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852973" title="Andrea Stelzer">
Andrea Stelzer

Andrea Stelzer (born c. 1965) was a South African beauty queen who also represented Germany in the Miss Universe Pageant. In 1985, Stelzer was Miss South Africa and slated to be a delegate to the Miss Universe Pageant, but due to anti-apartheid demonstrations withdrew from the competition. In 1989, she was Germany's representative to the Miss Universe Pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36852989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852989" title="Larini">
Larini

Larini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36852990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36852990" title="Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's team – Class 9–10">
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's team – Class 9–10

The men's team class 9-10 table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The event took place from Wednesday 5 September to Saturday 8 September.
Bracket.
The draw for team events took place on 28 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36853001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853001" title="Emarat, Ilam">
Emarat, Ilam

Emarat (, also Romanized as ‘Emārat) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 214, in 46 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853010" title="Negel, Ilam">
Negel, Ilam

Negel () is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 212, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853024" title="James McHugh (Gaelic footballer)">
James McHugh (Gaelic footballer)

James McHugh is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Kilcar.
Playing career.
A member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team, he played for the county from 1990 until 1996. He played as a forward and started at left half forward in the 1992 All Ireland Final, scoring a point from play as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14.
At club level he played for Chíll Chartha where he won the Championship in 1985, 1989, and 1993. He also won an All Star in 1992.
Family.
His brother Martin was also a member of the 1992 All Ireland winning team. His nephew Mark is a star of the current team. His own son Eoin has also played for Donegal.

</doc>
<doc id="36853033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853033" title="Negel">
Negel

Negel () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853035" title="Yisrael Medad">
Yisrael Medad

Yisrael Medad is an American-born Israeli right-wing journalist and author. He directs Educational Programming and Information resources at the Menachem Begin Heritage Center in Jerusalem.
Medad was born to a Jewish family in New York City. As a teenager, he became religious, and attended a religious high school. Medad joined Betar in 1964. He graduated from Yeshiva University with a BA in Political Science in 1969. In 1970, he and his wife immigrated to Israel. Initially, he lived in the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem, where he served as Director of the Betar Students' Hostel. Between 1975 and 1977, he served as a Betar representative in the United Kingdom.
In 1981, Medad and his family moved to the Israeli settlement of Shilo, in the West Bank. From 1981 to 1992, he served as a parliamentary aide to Knesset member Geula Cohen, and as an Adviser of International Affairs to cabinet minister Yuval Ne'eman.
In 2008, he completed a Master's degree at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, specializing in Civic and Democracy Education.
Medad is a member of the Executive Board of Israel's Media Watch.
Medad has served as Senior Assistant to the Deputy Minister for Science and as a Legislative Aide to Knesset members. He is a well-known blogger and had contributed columns to the Los Angeles Times, Jerusalem Post, International Herald Tribune and other periodicals. He has been interviewed and profiled in the BBC, Haaretz
Medad is co-editor of a collection of the Begin-Sadat correspondence that led up to the 1979 Israel-Egypt peace treaty.
Medad and his wife have five children.

</doc>
<doc id="36853042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853042" title="Panzdah-e Khordad">
Panzdah-e Khordad

Panzdah-e Khordad (, also Romanized as Pānzdah-e Khordād) is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853068" title="Qazi Khan-e Olya">
Qazi Khan-e Olya

Qazi Khan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Qāẕī Khān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qāzī Khānī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 148, in 30 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853072" title="Qazi Khan-e Sofla">
Qazi Khan-e Sofla

Qazi Khan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Qāẕī Khān-e Soflá; also known as Qāẕī Khān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 319, in 67 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853082" title="Qazi Khan">
Qazi Khan

Qazi Khan (, also Romanized as Qāẕī Khān) is a village in Emam Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853085" title="Zhang Lei (actor)">
Zhang Lei (actor)

Zhang Lei (born 20 December 1972), is a Chinese actor. Zhang is best known for his role as "journalist Ga Yu" in the 2004 Movie film by Chinese director Lu Chuan (陆川). He is currently an artist of National Theatre Company of China - NTCC(中国国家话剧院).
Early life.
Zhang was born in Urumqi City, Xinjiang Province, China. He graduated from the Department of Stage Arts at the Central Academy of Drama in 1999.
Career.
In 2003, Zhang take his role as Ga Yu in the film filmed by Chinese director Lu Chuan (陆川) based on true events. is more or less told from the point of view of Ga yu, an ambitious young journalist from Beijing whose idea to report on the mountain patrol may just end up being his last. During the filming, Zhang and the crew faced a life challenge, just like the characters in the film. Zhang once told a reporter " I couldn't stand the pain of the AMS in the beginning and dreamt about going back home every day. It took me one whole month to get used to everything, and now I just wanted to complete my work well."
After Kekexili, Zhang embarked on a number of television series, most of which had a Chinese civil war theme.

</doc>
<doc id="36853095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853095" title="Siah Siah, Ilam">
Siah Siah, Ilam

Siah Siah (, also Romanized as Sīāh Sīāh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853097" title="Scott Resnick">
Scott Resnick

Scott Resnick (born December 5, 1986) is the President Pro Tem of the Common Council in the City of Madison, Wisconsin, representing the 8th District since April 2011. The 8th District incorporates areas including: State Street, the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus, and Spring Street neighborhood. 
Resnick is the youngest alder on the Madison City Council and currently the youngest elected councilman for a municipality over 200,000 in the United States.
Personal life.
Scott Resnick graduated from University of Wisconsin–Madison in 2009, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science and Legal Studies. 
Scott is well known for his work in the entrepreneurship community in Madison. He was instrumental in the creation of Hardin Design & Development, and he currently serves as the company's Executive Vice President.
Political Life.
Election.
On April 8, 2011, Scott was elected to his first term on the Common Council. He beat opponent Kyle Szarzynski by a vote total 1180 to 880 (57% to 42%). There was no incumbent in the race.
Re-Election.
On April 2, 2013, Scott was re-elected to the Madison Common Council. His opponent, Christian Hansen, withdrew from the race late in the election season. Scott was heavily favored and held an overwhelming fundraising advantage. He is the first representative from Madison's 8th District to be re-elected to the Common Council in eight years.
Aldermanic career.
In 2012, Resnick introduced and passed Wisconsin's first open data ordinance. The ordinance made all datasets created by public employees of the City available to the public for free. The entrepreneurship community greatly supported this initiative and enabled developers to create innovative web and mobile applications using city data. 
Scott serves on the Ad Hoc Committee on Moped Parking, the Downtown Coordinating Committee, Economic Development Committee, Joint Southeast Campus Area Committee, Madison Cultural Arts District Board, and Vending Oversight Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="36853104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853104" title="Morcellator">
Morcellator

A morcellator is a surgical instrument used for division ("morcellation") and removal of large masses of tissues during laparoscopic surgery. It can consist of a hollow cylinder that penetrates the abdominal wall, ending with sharp edges or cutting jaws, through which a grasper can be inserted to pull the mass into the cylinder to cut out an extractable piece.
Morcellation devices in surgery.
Laparoscopic morcellation is commonly used at surgery to remove bulky specimens from the abdomen using minimally invasive techniques. Historically, morcellation was performed using a device that required the surgeon or assistant to manually 'squeeze' the handle. Other reports describe using a scalpel directly through the abdomen to create small specimens that can be drawn out of the abdominal cavity. In 1993, the first electric morcellator was introduced in the US market. It was initially used for uterine extraction, but later applied to other organs. The use of morcellators at surgery has now become commonplace, with at least 5 devices currently on the US market. Despite decades of experience, there remains limited understanding of the short-term and long-term sequelae of morcellation. Concerns have been raised about injury to surrounding organs including bowel, bladder, ureters, pancreas, spleen and major vascular structures. Long-term issues may include parasitic growth of retained tissue with the potential to cause adhesions, cause bowel dysfunction and potentially disseminate unrecognized cancer.
Safety concerns of morcellation devices in gynecologic surgery.
Morcellation is associated with spreading of cellular material of the morcellated tissue. In gynecologic surgery for benign pathologies there is approximately a 0.09% risk of an unexpected leiomyosarcoma. After morcellation 64% of such cases may develop disseminated disease which is of particular concern because of the considerable mortality of leiomyosarcoma. Morcellation of the more frequent benign leiomyoma variants may also cause disseminated disease, which while not associated with increased mortality is frequently inoperable and therefore more difficult to manage than the original disease.
On April 17, 2014 the Food and Drug Administration issued a warning that morcellators may spread occult cancer in the course of fibroid removal. Johnson & Johnson subsequently suspended sale of its morcellators until the role of morcellation "is redefined by the FDA and the medical community."

</doc>
<doc id="36853107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853107" title="Siah Siah">
Siah Siah

Siah Siah () may refer to various places in Iran:

</doc>
<doc id="36853111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853111" title="Lizeth Mahecha">
Lizeth Mahecha

Lizeth Mahecha (born 1970) was Miss Colombia for 1989 and a contestant at the 1995 Miss Universe Pageant where she placed third.
She later was a television actor and then became a lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="36853119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853119" title="Sarab Gur-e Tuti">
Sarab Gur-e Tuti

Sarab Gur-e Tuti (, also Romanized as Sarāb Gūr-e Ţūţī; also known as Gūr Ţūţī and Kūr Ţūţī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853124" title="Michel Van Wijnendaele">
Michel Van Wijnendaele

Michel Van Wijnendaele was a Belgian mass murderer who killed seven people in Bogaarden, Belgium on May 12, 1987. He also wounded three others, before committing suicide.
At approximately 2:00 p.m. on the aforementioned day, Van Wijnendaele, armed with a .22-caliber rifle, entered a farm in Bogaarden, where he shot dead Jean Baptiste and Margriet Nechelput, their daughter, Liliane De Crem, her husband, Edgard, as well as their son, Christian, and also wounded another son of the De Crem's with a shot in the stomach after a short scuffle. At a neighbouring farm he killed a woman and her son, apparently because they had witnessed the shooting, and then fled the scene in his car. While police set up roadblocks to capture the gunman, he made his way to Denderwindeke, where he shot and wounded his parents-in-law three or four hours later. 
Van Wijnendaele was eventually spotted by police in Brugelette, as he was filling his car at a gas station. A car chase ensued that ended at about 7:00 p.m. when the 28-year-old was cornered by police in Sirault, near Mons, whereupon he committed suicide by shooting himself in the head.

</doc>
<doc id="36853133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853133" title="Sarkan, Ilam">
Sarkan, Ilam

Sarkan (, also Romanized as Sarkān and Serkān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853140" title="Pedro Formental">
Pedro Formental

Pedro Formental (April 19, 1915 – September 15, 1992) was a Cuban professional baseball outfielder in the Mexican League, Negro Leagues and in the Cuban League. He played from 1943 to 1955 with several teams. He was selected to the 1949 East-West All-Star Game. Formental also played in the 1951, 1952, and 1953 Caribbean Series. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853141" title="Shurab-e Khan Ali">
Shurab-e Khan Ali

Shurab-e Khan Ali (, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Khān ‘Alī, Shūrāb-e Khān‘alī, and Shūr Āb-e Khān‘alī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 333, in 70 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853156" title="Gregory Burks">
Gregory Burks

Gregory "Toine" Burks (born 1980) is an American former professional basketball player who spent his eight-year career playing for various teams in Germany between 2003 and 2011. He is , weighs approximately 160 pounds and played the point guard position.
Career.
Growing up in Flint, Michigan, Burks attended Flint Northern High School and starred on the basketball team. He was a little younger than local area star Mateen Cleaves but he grew up observing Cleaves' game and modeled his own after it. By the time he graduated high school in 1998, Burks only weighed 135 pounds, but his skills were good enough to land him on the team at Prairie View A&M University, where during his five-year career he averaged 17.1 points, 4.2 assists and 3.1 rebounds in 117 games played. He spent one season redshirting due to injury. During his junior and senior seasons, Burks was a First Team All-Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) player, and in 2002–03 he was tabbed the SWAC Player of the Year.
After graduating in 2003, Burks spent the next 7 seasons playing for various clubs in Germany. He officially retired in February 2011, and as of the 2012–13 season he is a boys' basketball coach at Flint Southwestern High School. He also mentors students and players as they develop. 
Burks was inducted into the Prairie View A&M University Hall of Fame in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36853164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853164" title="Vargach, Ilam">
Vargach, Ilam

Vargach () is a village in Lumar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 307, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853169" title="Tony Boyle (Gaelic footballer)">
Tony Boyle (Gaelic footballer)

Tony Boyle is an Irish former Gaelic footballer from Dungloe. He was a member of Donegal's 1992 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning team and played for the county from 1992 until 2001. He played as a forward and started at full-forward in the 1992 All Ireland Final, scoring a point from play as Donegal won by 0-18 to 0-14 against Dublin. He went on to win an All Star in 1992.
At club level he played for Dungloe.
He made 107 appearances for Donegal.

</doc>
<doc id="36853171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853171" title="Vargach">
Vargach

Vargach () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853178" title="2012–13 Georgia State Panthers men's basketball team">
2012–13 Georgia State Panthers men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Georgia State men's basketball team represented Georgia State University during the college basketball season of 2012–2013. The team's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU. They played their home games at the GSU Sports Arena and were members of the Colonial Athletic Association. This was their final year in the CAA; beginning in fall 2013 all sports will be played in the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 15–16, 10–8 in CAA play to finish in a tie for fifth place.
Schedule.
!colspan=8| Exhibition
!colspan=8| Regular Season

</doc>
<doc id="36853179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853179" title="Zoheyri-ye Olya">
Zoheyri-ye Olya

Zoheyri-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Z̧oheyrī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Cham Gerdāb and Z̧oheyrī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853180" title="Lassen Lodge, California">
Lassen Lodge, California

Lassen Lodge is a hamlet in Tehama County, California, United States, located 36 miles east of Red Bluff. Latitude: 40.3454362 
Longitude: -121.7105392, Elevation: 4235 ft
Located along California Highway 36 between Paynes Creek and Mineral, Lassen Lodge consists of an old lodge building and cluster of cabins just off the highway on the rim of Battle Creek Canyon. For many decades this placewas a very lively mountain resort on the Red bluff – Susanville highway (Highway 36). Hunters, fishermen and recreationists traveled from all over Northern California to hunt the Tehama migratory deer herd, fish the creeks, ski in the winter, and enjoy the rugged beauty of this place. Like many of the now forgotten travel lodges in the area, it is remembered as a place people would flock to for good times. Particularly folks would gather for music and dances that would last until the sun came up over Turner Mountain. There were horseshoe pits, ping pong tables, card games (cribbage was the favorite), even slot machines to entertain the guests. At one time there was a small school house and sawmill. Aside from the travelers, locals came from many miles around not only to eat, buy gas and groceries, but also to sell their fruits, vegetables, and handicrafts to the store. 
Although most of the known history of this place revolves around the time in which it was an operating resort, evidence suggests the locale was utilized by indigenous people and the earliest maps indicate this location has always been a waypoint for people traveling through the area. Lassen Lodge’s location is very convenient and important for a couple of reasons; it is situated on a broad, relatively flat ridge that straddles both Battle Creek Canyon and the north fork of the Payne’s Creek watershed at a critical pass that connected the valley foothills with the mountains. Situated at the timberline, very large, well spaced trees and little underbrush provided an open shady area ideal for cattle to rest, and travelers to camp. Water was available from nearby springs that pour out of the side of the mountains, and at the turn of the century, “The Last Chance” ditch passed through this location carrying water from Battle Creek to the Champion Mill in Lyonsville. At 4,200 ft elevation, the weather is temperate, typically at the snowline during winter months and just above the heat in the summer. The Tehama County Wagon Road, and eventually highway 36, passed through and intersected with the Belle Mill Rd (now Tramway Rd) at this location. This intersection sits at a logical rest spot on the road where eastbound travelers would have just climbed two very steep grades, first the Buckeye grade from Paynes Creek to the rim of Battle Creek Canyon, then the steep grade from Ponderosa road up to Lassen Lodge.
Early history of the region.
The Tehama County Wagon Road opened in 1862 to facilitate a trade route to the Idaho gold rush of the 1860s along with the westward settlement. As the state was settled, it spurned development of its cities and towns, causing demand for lumber and agricultural goods like wool to soar. To meet the demand, Tehama County, with its prime forests and range developed to became the export center of agricultural goods such as lumber and livestock. Several lumber mills were developed along the western slope of the cascades, particularly around the town of Lyonsville which was approximately 4 miles away. Lassen Lodge was at the intersection of the road to Lyonsville and the new Tehama County Wagon road. 
As early as the 1860s, sheep and cattle ranching operations along with dairy farming became prominent enterprises in the local economy. Ranchers used the grasslands in the valley, foothills and high meadows to graze livestock. By the 1870s, Tehama County residents were traveling to the area around Battle Creek Meadows to hunt, fish, and escape the summer heat of the Sacramento Valley. The Tehama County Wagon Road provided good access to the area, making these recreational excursions by valley residents possible. With the topography being as it is, this location made a great camp for the weary teams that were depended upon for transportation in those days.
The development of this place.
As early history of the region developed, the area around Lassen Lodge was owned by the Federal Government. It was surveyed in 1880 and it wasn’t until 1895 that the section on which Lassen Lodge sits was patented to the Central Pacific Railroad as payment for the completion of the California and Oregon railroad line segment from Roseville to the California/Oregon border. 
We can only speculate that this site was used for a camp by travelers, sheep and cattle drives, and lumbermen in these early days.
An auto camp.
The Model T was introduced in 1908 and it revolutionized society. With its introduction, automobiles became available to most everyone. It gave people the freedom to roam and had a major role in developing mountain tourism in Northern California. 
The earliest accounts of this place indicate a man named Henry M. (Slim) Jori began the commercial development of this place in the early 1920s. Jori’s parents had just arrived from Switzerland when Jori was born in Sacramento in 1890. After a career as a machinist at a brewery in Sacramento, he decided, at age 27, to leave the city life and become a cowboy. He moved to Paynes Creek, and worked as superintendent of the RW Hanna stock ranch in Paynes Creek. Jori drove cattle through Lassen Lodge as it was roughly halfway between Hanna’s Paynes Creek ranch and the Mill Creek Meadows ranches. This was a great resting spot for the cattle as they would have just climbed over 1000 feet in only a few miles. There was water, and huge troughs were built for the cattle to drink, and shade from the large trees that grow at this elevation. 
Henri Jori saw an opportunity, in 1912, there were one million registered vehicles but by 1923, there were some 15.2 million cars registered in the United States. Jori recognized the demand for services to these new travelers. Auto camping became a fad. People would outfit their cars with camping equipment and just go. These "tourists" viewed themselves as pioneers or adventurers. They relished the challenges of the road, seeing the “real” America on their own timetable, and stopping to camp whenever and wherever they wished. And the newly created Lassen National Park would have been the perfect destination for these new travelers. Commercial enterprises were developed early to appeal to the motorists -- first tourist camps, then tourist cottages, then tourist courts, then motels. These were complemented by filling stations, gift shops, restaurants and attractions, all with convenient auto parking.
Jori set up a seasonal store and restaurant at this location in 1922, where he sold gas and other convenience items there during the summers. The store and restaurant consisted of a cabin and tent platform. He could do this because he was one of the few owners of a truck, that he could transport the goods and gasoline in to this convenient location. Jori’s boss, RW Hanna was a director of the Standard Oil Company. Is it possible Hanna inspired or helped Jori in this business venture? His wife Clara (Hurt) was the cook and she was well known for her biscuits and gravy. She was also the bookkeeper for RW Hanna. Clara told of an ongoing battle with the owners of Childs Meadow resort over a large rock at the side of the road that they would paint to advertise their services. Each party would paint over the others sign. The Joris homesteaded and lived down the road in the upper eastern portion of the current Mt Meadows Ranch. In another business venture of Jori’s, he bought 2,000 Angora Goats, at which time, construction of Highway 36 was taking place. The construction included a lot of blasting, and the story is, the goats ate the blasting caps and for days there were goats exploding! Henri also traveled 5 days by train to Denver to bring back the first Domino Hereford cow in California. Clara was also a very lively person who was known as the bird lady of California. She ran a huge bird sanctuary at the Mountain Meadow Ranch, a facility that reintroduced many indigenous birds back to the area. 
Henry Jori died in 1932 at the age of 42 from a long illness of Black Lung Disease. Jori’s son Henry “Hank” O. Jori was a well known pilot and is the subject of the 2007 Tehama County Historical Society Memories article “Hank Jori, a Pilots Pilot”. Through his fathers Standard Oil connection, Hank got a job at Standard Oil and saved up enough to purchase his first airplane.
Jiggs Camp.
Henry Jori’s successor, Sylvanus Giles ”Jiggs” Tully, was born in Missouri in 1868, and his family moved to Santa Clara in 1900. Tully was a charter member of the Masonic Lodge at Santa Clara. In 1912 he moved to Ceres to be a rancher, but after a few short years he was back in Santa Clara listed as retired in the 1916 census. By 1920 he had moved to Red Bluff and got his second wind. He was a farmer in Red Bluff, mechanic in Los Molinos, then service station owner in Los Molinos. In the late 1920s, he had taken what Jori had started and piped in water from a spring, built a log cabin store and service station. Jiggs named the Associated service station Jiggs Station and the place was known as “Jiggs Camp”. Jiggs Camp continued as an auto camp, meeting the needs of the auto travelers, the lumbermen and ranchers of the day. Jiggs was a well liked man who would get up and feed and even play the guitar for the occasional late night customer. Jiggs died in Dairyville in 1939. His obituary described him as a popular Diaryville Rancher. 
Sometime in the early 1930s Jiggs’ daughter Sylvia and husband William (Bill) Swart moved from San Francisco to help Jiggs. Bill was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1889. His parents were from Switzerland. His family moved to San Francisco between 1900 and 1910. In 1915 he married Sylvia Tully. He worked as a machinist and she as a dental nurse in San Francisco until arriving at Jiggs Camp permanently sometime prior to 1932.
Lassen Camp.
In the early 1930s, Bill Swart built a log cabin directly across the road from Jiggs camp. It had living quarters upstairs and a bar and restaurant on the ground floor. Signs on the building advertised a lunchroom, sandwiches and cold beer. Next to this log cabin he built a small auto repair garage. Behind the restaurant he built a row of motel cabins. He called this place Lassen Camp.
Lassen Lodge.
On Saturday December 23, 1939 Sylvia and Bill opened “Lassen Lodge” adjacent to Jiggs Station. A December 18, 1939 Red Bluff Daily News article about the opening, read; “Of California mountain architecture, the structure comprises a coffee shop, tap room and rumpus room, all of spacious proportions…..Mrs. Swart planned the lodge and Bill and his men cut and sawed all the rough timber and lumber used with a small portable saw rig. They started to cut last May”. The new lodge was opened with a carnival entertainment sponsored by the Mt. Lassen Ski club.“ With the new lodge built, the bottom floor of the Lassen Camp log cabin was converted into a dance hall. 
A January 19, 1940 Red Bluff Daily News story of the 2nd anniversary celebration of Mr. and Mrs. H.S. Lace of Red Bluff at Lassen Lodge read ” After a steak dinner the guests spent the evening playing games and enjoyed several musical numbers. The public address system recently installed in the Rumpus room at Lassen Lodge attracted much interest”. 
Under the Swart’s ownership the place really took off as a resort destination, not just a wayside stop for travelers. They came for relaxation and recreation, attracting visitors for holidays, vacations and special events. 
During several seasons of the year, Lassen Lodge resort bustled with tourists and workers, summertime with folks looking to get out of the heat, fall during the hunting season, and winter as Mineral and Lassen National park were popular for winter sports activities, especially skiing.
Lassen Lodge became popular with well to do sportsmen seeking the best hunting and fishing opportunities. Slowly private cabins began to be erected and many workers from the nearby National park and Forest Service also began to reside there as well.
The Swarts built a corral for cattle and when the ranchers drove their cattle through they would spend the night and eat at the restaurant. 
Sylvia Schwartz was known by everyone as an excellent cook. She had planted an apple orchard at Lassen Camp across the street from Lassen Lodge and she had a reputation for making delicious apple pies. 
Between 1940 and 1943, Jiggs log gas station was rebuilt to match the Lassen Lodge building. 
At some point during the early 1940s Lou and Florence Mendonsa, from Vallejo, ran the resort, and this experience in some way, prepared/motivated them to open The Triangle, a similar roadside development on highway 99 in Dairyville. Lou tended bar and did various other tasks in the restaurant, store, gas station and cabins and Florence made pies and cakes for the restaurant and waited on customers, as well as working the cash register in the store. 
The resort continued to gain a reputation for its amenities, good food and memorable dances. 
In the 1985 Memories article about Ethel Lesher, she tells of the Lesher Orchestra playing for dances at Jiggs Camp between 1928 and 1953. Ethel’s memories at Jiggs Camp were of family affairs. There was dinner at midnight, then a dance until 3 a.m. and arrival home after daylight on Sundays. The Wilson family of Paynes Creek are said to have frequently played for the dances. People would come from surrounding communities and as far away as Red Bluff and Manton for these dances.
The resort began to show up in travel publications such as The Federal Writers' Project (FWP). FWP published the American Guide Series during the depression era. 
In 1939, the FWP published “California: Guide to the Golden State” and this book contained, among other things, automobile tours of important attractions.
Tour 6A of the book titled, “Junction with US 395 Susanville Chester Mineral Red Bluff State 36”, described Lassen Camp as a place with services such as cabins, saddle and pack horses, and guide services. The road through Lassen Lodge is described: 
The 1941 World Ski Book also listed Lassen Lodge as a lodging option for skiing at Mt. Lassen. It was also listed for a coffee shop, bar, dormitory and cabins in the 1949 World Ski book for accommodations near the Mt. Lassen ski area.
The Fairfield era – the heyday.
With Lassen Lodge on the map as an all season vacation destination, several businessmen from Fairfield became interested in the resort. On December 6, 1944, the Swarts sold the property and business to Arthur Garben, and John Freitas of Fairfield who subsequently transferred title back and forth among a group of several partners including Joseph A. Gerevas. However the Swarts continued to be a part of the resort community with Sylvia baking her apple pies and tending to the grounds. Bill passed away in 1950 in San Francisco.
When Garben and Gerevas sold the property in 1952, it was agreed to grant Sylvia Swart a life estate in the property. She continued as a character at the resort for many years. Her cabin burned down sometime in the 1960s. The foundation, planter boxes and sidewalk still exist where her home once stood.
The resort consisted of the former Jiggs Camp, Lassen Camp and Lassen Lodge, all situated on a full section of land (640 acres). These men were familiar with the resort as they had been coming to this area from Fairfield for decades to hunt deer. 
Art Garben was a banker and politician, and was referred to as Mr. Fairfield in his day. John Freitas was a member of the Freitas pioneer family who were among the original founders of Fairfield and Solano County. Ultimately one of the partners, Joseph A. Gerevas, along with his wife Sophia took over operations of the resort. Joseph’s daughter Eleanor (Sis) Raper and husband Lloyd Raper, of Berkeley, ran the resort. 
This ownership group consisted of prominent businessmen, elected officials, city council members, a mayor, and a Solano County supervisor. These men desired to get their minds off their business issues and the politics that consumed their everyday lives. Lassen Lodge was the perfect place for these men to play, this was their weekend getaway. There were poker games, slot machines, good food, music, great hunting and fishing. These men were in power when the Travis Air Force base was located in Fairfield. This event quickly and forever changed a small agricultural town into a military base boomtown. During their ownership, the hunting season became the busiest season, as hundreds would come up and fill up all the rooms and cabins and pitch tents. During the summer there were ping pong tables and horseshoe pits set up outside around the resort for the guests enjoyment. The bar continued to do well. Slot machines, card games, and cribbage were the activities in the lodge.
Joseph Gerevas’ grandson Ron Geveras of San Diego lived there as a boy. Ron was playing in a little league baseball game when General Travis was killed at the Fairfield-Suisun airport. Shortly thereafter, they renamed the airport “Travis Air Force Base”. 
He tells of how his step father Lloyd, told him of witnessing lightning striking the same tree twice in a span of a few years. The tree was near the Tramway intersection with Highway 36.
Deer hunting was still the main reason that the Fairfield crowd would go to Lassen. Bay area newspapers frequently reported on the deer hunts in the Lassen lodge area. The deer migrated from the north through Lassen Lodge down to Paynes Creek. Ron’s mother and father, as well as other commuters, had to stop one evening on their return from Red Bluff for more than an hour on the highway to let thousands of deer cross the road in mass. They did it every year until the '60s.
According to Ron, Joseph Gerevas was the oldest living native of Fairfield when he died at 91. As was Ron’s mother, Sis Raper when she died at 86. The Gerevas family owned property at Lassen Lodge longer than anyone ... almost 70 years.
After seven years of lively ownership, Garben and Gerevas began to sell off lots to their partners and friends. In June of 1952, the first subdivision of the section resulted in a lot sold to Grover and Aurora Harlan. Two months later they sold another lot to Frank and Maude Martell, and the Garbin and Gerevas families also granted each other lots for their own private cabins. One lot went to one of the partners, Leo McInnis, for a case of whiskey.
Skinner / Goni decade – the waning of the heydays.
On November 20, 1952, Garben, Gerevas and Raper sold the resort to Charles and Edith Skinner and Robert and Marvelle Goni of Woodland CA. This partnership remodeled all the cabins and added bathrooms to them. The lodge was remodeled with a portion of it converted to a gift shop. Bob and Marvelle Goni were no strangers to the resort when they bought it. Bob was a boarder there of Bill Swart’s in the 1930s while working at Lassen National Park and it was at Lassen Lodge that he met Marvelle in 1939. They were married within a month, and stayed together for 60 years when Bob passed away. Business was very good for them especially during the hunting season. “Diamond International” built a mill at Lyman Springs, and many of the workers came up for groceries, and to eat and patronize the bar. The Gonis’ loved to tell stories of the bears that frequented the restaurants’ garbage cans every night, they rigged a light and when the bears would come, everyone in the restaurant would rush to the kitchen windows to see them. After 10 years of ownership, The Gonis’ sold. Bob moved the family to Red Bluff and opened the well known Bobs Sport Shop in Red Bluff. 
During this timeframe two other developments occurred which altered the destiny of this resort. In 1952, Caltrans began acquiring portions of the section in order to realign Highway 36. The plan was to avoid the cliffs to the east of Lassen Lodge which create the infamous suicide curves on Highway 36. This was to be a controlled access freeway which would have effectively cut off direct access to Lassen Lodge from the road. Luckily, it was never built and the road was only improved in place, however the prospect of being further off the road and perhaps out of sight of motorists certainly must have upset Goni’s confidence in the future of the business. 
More importantly, during this time was the opening of the CDF fire station in 1954. From 1954 until being relocated to Paynes Creek in 2003, the Lassen Lodge station was manned to fight fires in the area. 
The construction of freeways along with improvements to the comfort and speed of the auto, created changes in consumer demands. The individual cabins and motor courts diminished in popularity as one could now travel further and stay at comfortable motels, including the familiar brand-name chains of today.
1960s and '70s- Decades of decline.
Mr. J.T. Bradley bought the resort and had grand plans for a new lodge on the Battle Creek Canyon rim. Bradley tore down Bill Swarts log cabin and some of the motel cabins. He had a road built down into Battle Creek Canyon, however he failed to pay the laborers and they came one night and took a barrel of gasoline as collateral. Bradley caught them in the act and fired shots. He was arrested and spent time in jail for that incident, and the resort fell into disrepair and he eventually lost the resort in foreclosure in the late 1960s to the Gonis’ who then sold it in 1971 to Donald Choate and Ernest Lovisone. The resort never opened during this time and continued to fall into disrepair.
1980s – Another try as a resort.
In 1978 it was sold to the Weissinger family, who remodeled the cabins and rented them for both long term and weekend use, but the main lodge building was never reopened and the gas station was eventually converted into a residential unit. The Wessingers enjoyed a decade of idyllic mountain living exploring the many acres in the Battle Creek Canyons and hosting many guests. During that time the Tehama County Energy Authority conducted a study to develop a hydroelectric facility on Battle Creek within the Lassen Lodge property boundaries. The Wessingers, fearing the devastation of the scenic qualities of the canyon and creek, fought the proposal and eventually Tehama County withdrew its plans for the project. In the early 1990s the Wessingers decided to sell the property. A real estate agent informed an investor in Germany of the hydrologic potential on the property and it was purchased by Rugraw Inc. who held the property until 1998. Rugraw logged the land, and retained the hydroelectric rights and have recently submitted another
proposal.
to build a powerhouse on Battle Creek.
There are currently approximately seven owners who own lots in the original section of land.
Each lot and cabin has its own story and memories.
In 2008, Ron Gerevas sold the cabin that had been in his family for nearly 70 years. The owner of the remainder of the section which includes the lodge building and several cabins, has turned the property into a facility to raise stock horses. 
Today, Lassen Lodge is fortunate to still have its roadside culture intact to tell a part of the history of the early Auto Age.
The cabins, motor court, restaurant, and gas station are a part of the history of Tehama County.
Lassen Lodge represents an exciting time in American culture, one of new-found freedom to take a road trip and explore on one's own schedule, no longer at the mercy of a stagecoach or train schedule.
Lassen Lodge provided many people, over many decades, a place to escape the summer heat, hear music in the mountains, and spend quality time with family and friends.

</doc>
<doc id="36853181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853181" title="Hydration energy">
Hydration energy

Hydration energy (also hydration enthalpy) is a term for energy released upon attachment of water molecules to ions. It is a special case of dissolution energy, with the solvent being water.
For example, upon dissolving a salt in water, the outermost ions (those at the edge of the lattice) move away from the lattice and become covered with the neighboring water molecules. If the hydration energy is equal to or greater than the lattice energy, then the salt is water soluble. In salts for which the hydration energy exceeds the lattice energy, solvation occurs with a release of energy in the form of heat. For instance, CaCl2 (anhydrous calcium chloride) heats the water when dissolving. However, the hexahydrate, CaCl2·6H2O cools the water upon dissolution. The latter happens because the hydration energy does not completely cover the lattice energy, and the remainder has to be taken from the water in order to compensate the energy loss.

</doc>
<doc id="36853189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853189" title="Shia Islam in Indonesia">
Shia Islam in Indonesia

Shi'a Islam in Indonesia represents a small minority in that largely-Sunni Muslim country. Around one million Indonesians are Shias, who are concentrated around Jakarta. Indonesian Shia are found in areas of Java, Madura and Sumatra.
History.
The history of Shi'a in Indonesia started in the ninth century. Amongst the early Shiites in Indonesia were the grandchildren of Ali son of Jaʿfar ibn Muhammad al-Sādiq who resided in Indonesia. Many of the men married the daughters of local Indonesian kings, thereby obtaining high office. Banda Aceh in Acheh, in the north of Sumatra, was the original centre for Shias in Indonesia; it was from there the Shia faith spread across Indonesia.
Communities.
Among the Indonesian communities which practise Shiism are minority segments of the Hadrami, Arab-descended Indonesians, who have a "small, but increasing, minority of Shia followers." Another group are the Shia of Pariaman and Bengkulu in Sumatra, and Sigli in Aceh, who claim descent from Indian sepoys, and are known as "orang sipahi" or "orang Kling". The "orang sipahi" traditionally practise the Shia "tabut" ritual, though in Aceh it has been banned since 1953. Kowal (Kuala) has a large Shia population: on 2 September 1960, fifteen years after Indonesian independence, the government established a university in Kowal naming it "Shia Kowal University" (otherwise known as "Syiah Kuala University" or "Universitas Syiah Kuala").
Persecution.
The 2010 report to the United States Congress by the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom noted attacks against the Shia communities in Indonesia, particularly in East Java and Madura in 2008. In one incident in Madura, local villagers surrounded Shia houses and demanded they desist religious activities, but the crowd was dispersed by local leaders and clergy.

</doc>
<doc id="36853191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853191" title="Zoheyri-ye Sofla">
Zoheyri-ye Sofla

Zoheyri-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Z̧oheyrī-ye Soflá; also known as Z̧oheyrī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Sirvan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 211, in 50 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853193" title="Merlapalem">
Merlapalem

Merlapalem is a village in Athreyapuram Mandal in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Merlapalem is an upcoming town (mandal in the East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh state, India). Being located on the National Highway 7 and with a ring road leading to Konaseema Delta region this place has high commercial importance. At this place River Godavari splits in two ways before joining Bay of Bengal. This place has rich fertile soil favorable for Crop Cultivation. This place is famous for its "Banana Market" and it tops Andhra Pradesh. Ravulapalem is often known as "Gateway of Konaseema" as it is the entrance town to the beautiful and scenic region Konaseema rich with paddy fields and coconut trees only rivalled by Kerala. Ubalanka, Kedarlanka and vedireswaram are the nearby villages connected to Ravulapalem. One can reach this place by bus from Rajahmundry nearly 30 km away.
Many people visit nearby village Ryali to have Darshan of Lord Vishnu in Jaganmohini form.
In this village secondary education is also available.
In this village every year pongal after paddalankamma festival will be conducted by the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36853194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853194" title="Zoheyri">
Zoheyri

Zoheyri () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853209" title="Baba Shams">
Baba Shams

Baba Shams (, also Romanized as Bābā Shams) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 353, in 71 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853216" title="Baraftab-e Meleh Maran">
Baraftab-e Meleh Maran

Baraftab-e Meleh Maran (, also Romanized as Barāftāb-e Meleh Mārān) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853227" title="Ghoslak">
Ghoslak

Ghoslak () is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853233" title="Elixabete Capa">
Elixabete Capa

Elixabete Capa Cia is a Spanish former football goalkeeper who played for Añorga KKE and Athletic Bilbao in the Superliga Femenina. She was a member of the Spanish national team for nearly a decade, taking part in the 1997 European Championship, where "la Roja" reached the semifinals, as Roser Serra's reserve. She retired in 2005 at 27, after winning her third league in a row with Athletic and playing the 2005 European Championship qualifying.
In 2007 she was Real Sociedad's assistant manager.

</doc>
<doc id="36853236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853236" title="Hallvard Gunnarssøn">
Hallvard Gunnarssøn

Hallvard Gunnarssøn (c.1550 – 1608) was a Norwegian educator and non-fiction writer. He lectured at the Oslo Cathedral School from 1577 until his death. Among his theological works is "Isagoge", a shortened version of the Bible written in Latin hexameter style. Other works are ' and '. He published several historical works written in Latin verses. His translation of a quiz book by the German priest Michael Saxe, first published in 1602, became very popular and was reissued several times. The book became known as "", as even priests had a hard time to give correct answers to the intricate biblical questions.

</doc>
<doc id="36853240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853240" title="Dragon's breath (disambiguation)">
Dragon's breath (disambiguation)

Dragon's breath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853247" title="Joe Royall">
Joe Royall

Joseph John Royall, Jr. (April 9, 1912 – March, 1975) was an African-American baseball outfielder in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1937 to 1944 with several teams. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853260" title="Campo de Sete Rios">
Campo de Sete Rios

Campo de Sete Rios was a football grass field in Lisbon, Portugal.
In 1908, when the rent at Quinta da Feiteira became too high, the managing directors looked for a solution. In the end of 1912, thanks to Cosme Damião, Benfica rented a field in a farm in Sete Rios for 250$ yearly. To be able to support the rent and adequate the field, Benfica lanched a fund raiser. The field was rented in 01/01/1913 next to the railway station de Sete Rios. Benfica then build a stand for 10,000 people and a tennis court.
In 1916, the owners of the land asked for 650$ yearly, plus expenses and the benefactories remain on the land. Also no compensation for eventual expropriation by the Municipality of Lisbon.
Sport Lisboa e Benfica refuse and left the ground in 1917 to Campo de Benfica in the back of its headquarters in Avenida Gomes Pereira.
Between 1913 and 1917, Benfica played 38 matches, won 26, draw 6 and lost 6, scored 130, conceded 40. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853262" title="Paul T. Baker">
Paul T. Baker

Paul T. Baker (February 28, 1927 – November 29, 2007) was Evan Pugh Professor Emeritus of Anthropology at The Pennsylvania State University, and was “one of the most influential biological anthropologists of his generation, contributing substantially to the transformation of the field from a largely descriptive to a hypothesis-driven science in the latter half of the 20th century. He pioneered multidisciplinary field science, firmly established a place for biological anthropology and human population biology in national and international science, and trained a host of graduate students in good science, who, in turn, continued his commitment to collaborative research.”
Biography.
After serving in the U.S. army from 1945-1947, during World War II, Baker began his undergraduate studies at the University of Miami and complelted his BA at the University of New Mexico in 1951. He obtained his PhD from Harvard in 1956 
Baker was employed by the U.S. Army Climatic Research Laboratory, a part of the Quartermaster Corps U.S. in Natick, Massachusetts where he conducted “heat stress research on military personnel at Fort Lee, Virginia (hot-wet) and in the Yuma Desert (hot-dry), and cold stress at Fort Churchill, Canada, on Hudson Bay”. His PhD dissertation focused on his research, lasting from 1952-1956, in Yuma and Fort Lee.
In 1957, Baker obtained a position at Penn State University in their biophysics laboratory. In 1958, he moved to the Department of Sociology and Anthropology.
Research
In 1962 Baker was awarded funding from the U.S. Army Research and Development Command to do research in Peru. Baker was an active member of the International Biological Programme (IBP) in the U.S., and internationally in Peru.
Baker conducted research into the high altitude adaptation of Andean Quechua-speaking residents began in Cuzco and Chinchero in 1962 and was extended to the District of Nuñoa on the Peruvian altiplano in 1964. It continued into the late 1960s.
“Baker was invited to participate in a 1964 Wenner-Gren Foundation symposium at Burg Wartenstein in Austria that was designed to plan the Human Adaptability (HA) research component of the IBP at the worldwide level. It was organized by Joseph S. Weiner, Convener of the IBP/HA, and strongly supported by Lita Fejos Osmundsen, then the head of Wenner-Gren. As Baker later wrote: “I now find it difficult to recapture in words the excitement I felt about the ideas, the people, and the potential scientific results of the HA effort.””
“In the United States, Baker was appointed to the National Academy of Sciences/NRC IBP National Committee charged to oversee studies in this country. The Nuñoa high altitude research, which was a part of the U.S. IBP, was followed by studies of migrants from the Andes to the coast of Peru, and both projects resulted in comprehensive studies on all facets of human adaptation in these Peruvian communities. Baker also edited the synthesis of the international high-altitude studies”.
“As the Peruvian research was winding down in the mid-1970s and the synthesis of the work was completed, Baker initiated a new project on Pacific migration and modernization of Samoans in the context of health and diseases of Westernization. The project focused on comparisons of migrant and sedentary populations based on the experience of migrants from the earlier Peruvian studies. The principal research questions centered on adaptation of Pacific Islanders to a Western life-style and its concomitant effects on health, which included a prevalence of obesity, adult-onset diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. As with the high-altitude research, the Samoan studies were concerned with adaptation, health, and the biocultural bases of human responses to environmental stress. In the Nuñoa project, the identified stresses were high-altitude hypoxia and cold; in the Samoan project, the stress was exposure to a Westernized or modernized environment, through in situ acculturation or migration”
Achievements.
Honors:
Published books.
1966 With J. S. Weiner, eds. The Biology of Human Adaptability, 1st ed. New York: Clarendon Press.
1976 With M. A. Little, eds. Man in the Andes: A Multidisciplinary Study of High Altitude Quechua. Stroudsburg, Pa.: Dowden, Hutchinson and Ross.
1977 Ed. Human Population Problems in the Biosphere: Some Research Strategies and Designs. MAB Technical Notes 3. Paris: UNESCO .
1978 Ed. The Biology of High Altitude Peoples. Cambridge, Eng.: Cambridge University Press.
1982 Ed. Human Population and Biosphere Interactions in the Central Andes, vol. II, State of Knowledge Reports on Andean Ecosystems. Mountain Research and Development, vol. 2. Boulder, CO : UNESCO, International Mountain Society.
1986 With J. M. Hanna and T. S. Baker, eds. The Changing Samoans: Behavior and Health in Transition. New York: Oxford University Press.
1988 With G. A. Harrison, J. M. Tanner, and D. Pilbeam. Human Biology: An Introduction to Human Evolution, Variation, Growth, and Ecology, 3rd ed. Oxford, Eng.: Oxford University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="36853272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853272" title="Hasan Gavdari">
Hasan Gavdari

Hasan Gavdari (, also Romanized as Ḩasan Gāvdārī; also known as Ḩasan) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 432, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853273" title="Idlewhile">
Idlewhile

Idlewhile is a Longmont, Colorado based Americana folk band, described as pop infused country/bluegrass.
Formed by Steven Phoenix, Giselle Collazo, Miguel Ramos (formerly of the Boulder, CO band Cabaret Diosa])and songwriter friend Doug Holden in May 2010.
Paul Tedesco joined the project on double bass and Matthew Lawlor stepped in to take over drums, banjo and harmony vocals in November 2010. 
Holden left the group in October 2011, and was replaced by Chad Granoff on guitar and mandolin before being replaced by Seth Goodman (formerly of the Boulder, CO band 18 Switchbacks.) in August 2012.
Their focus has been on live performances with 50 live performances throughout Colorado in their first 18 months together. Idlewhile released their first album in 2011 on iTunes with a blend of original studio-produced and live songs.
Idlewhile’s musical style has been called “richly acoustic on one hand, seductively rock on the other.” by the "Longmont Times-Call".
Their music has been compared to Colorado bands Elephant Revival and Paper Bird
History.
Phoenix and Collazo began writing and playing music together at the end of the workweek. Phoenix named their collaboration Idlewhile to celebrate this idle and peaceful time. In 2012 violin player, Ramos heard their tunes and suggested they take it seriously and bring their music to the public. Together they set out to recruit “musician friends who shared the vision.”
Recording History.
Albums: 
<br>Idlewhile – Postcard 2011 Released February 12, 2011
<br>Featured on Adventure Records Cuvee 7 Compilation, with their pop/folk song "Monkeys" alongside tracks from The Yawpers, SuperCollider, Tommy & The Tangerines, Dechen Hawk and Mr. Anonymous
Members.
Giselle Collazo: Lead vocals, guitar, percussion and keys
<br>Steven Phoenix: Vocals and guitar
<br>Miguel Ramos: Violin, lap steel and piano arrangements
<br>Paul Tedesco: Double Bass
<br>Matthew Lawlor: Drums, backup vocals and banjo
Idlewhile Shows.
<br>2011
<br>1/10 - KGNU 88.5 Live Broadcast
<br>4/22 - Rock and Soul – Boulder with Themes
<br>8/14 - Larimer Lounge – Denver with Varlet (Lilly Scott’s band – a top-2 finalist on American Idol) 
<br>11/13 - Larimer Lounge – Denver with Chimney Choir
<br>2012
<br>1/21 – KZMU 90.1 Live Feature
<br>6/4 - KGNU 88.5 Live Broadcast
<br>4/12 – Hi Dive – Denver with Shon Sullivan of Goldenboy played w/Elliot Smith 
<br>7/29 - Larimer Lounge with Sonia Leigh

</doc>
<doc id="36853276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853276" title="Joe Royal">
Joe Royal

Joe Royal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853285" title="The Blades (aerobatic team)">
The Blades (aerobatic team)

The Blades are a British civilian aerobatic team based at the Sywell Aerodrome in Northamptonshire. They have been described as "the world's only aerobatic airline" and are the only full-time civilian aerobatic team in the United Kingdom. The Blades are a subsidiary of 2Excel Aviation.
The team was founded in 2005 by Andy Offer, a former leader of the Red Arrows, and Chris Norton, a Royal Air Force wing commander. There are eight pilots including five full-time display performers. All of the pilots are former members of the Royal Air Force and the aerobatic team all flew with the Red Arrows.
The team fly four Extra 300LPs and an Extra 330SC, the latter being used for solo sections of the performances. These two-seated propeller aircraft are used for four plane displays as well as corporate flying events during which passengers can be carried on board. The aircraft were originally painted orange and black but later changed to light blue and black. By 2013 they had reverted to the orange and black colour scheme.
The Blades made their debut performance in 2006 at a party held by David Beckham prior to the World Cup. Since then they have performed as part of the 80th birthday celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II at Balmoral Castle, and at the Bahrain Grand Prix and Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival. They hold the world record for formation looping having completed 26 consecutive loops, with blind bank manager Mike Newman taking control for the beginning of the stunt before co-pilot Myles Garland resumed control for the other loops.
Alongside their aerobatic displays and commercial work, The Blades also help the Royal Air Forces Association, a charity that supports RAF service personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="36853292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853292" title="Moonlight Sonata (EP)">
Moonlight Sonata (EP)

Production.
Guitars for the album were recorded by Dean Herrera with production from Will Putney.
Critical reception.
The ensemble likens the song to “Dean Shreds Beethoven” while Axl Rosenberg of MetalSucks describes the albums as "the best two bucks you'll ever spend today". Rosenberg goes on to say that the band added heavy metal to the song, and that the song purports that there exists "distinct and definite connection between classical music and metal".

</doc>
<doc id="36853296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853296" title="Next Top Model Romania (cycle 3)">
Next Top Model Romania (cycle 3)

Next Top Model, Cycle 3 is the third cycle of Next Top Model. It is scheduled to premiere on September 20, 2012.
The competition was hosted again by Romanian fashion designer Cătălin Botezatu. He was joined at panel once again by make-up artist Mirela Vascan, hair stylist Laurent Tourette, and model agent Liviu Ionescu.
Sixteen contestants were chosen again for this year's competition.
Episode guide.
Episode 1.
"First aired September 20, 2012
Casting week. The final sixteen contestants are selected by Cătălin to join the competition, but Veronica decides to leave the show to remain in school. The following day, Bianca enters the competition.
Episode 2.
"First aired September 27, 2012
The models receive their makeovers. Later, the girls receive a regulation of top model. The next day the girls take part in the first challenge.
At the winner of the first challenge is Andreea. The first photo shoot in this season took place in nature, with Mihai Ștețcu photographing the girls. The theme for the shoot was forbidden fruit. The girls posed with a male model. During the first photo shoot, Silvana was eliminated because of her poor performance, but in the end she got another chance.
At panel Denisa, Ramona, Barbara and Bianca had the best photos. Silvana's photo received heavy criticism, as did Sânziana's and Laura's. Sânziana and Silvana found themselves in the bottom two for their poor photos. Cătălin handed the last photograph to Sânziana, resulting in Silvana's elimination.
Episode 3.
"First aired October 4, 2012
At the runway challenge, the girls walk in a fashion show wearing dresses designed by Mihai Albu and Cătălin Botezatu. In the next day the girls walk again with a male model in a fashion show by Cătălin, but Cătălin decided that Sânziana, Victoria and Diana Luca did not participate in this catwalk. Cătălin and the girls did made Sânziana's surprise for to cheer up.
At the photo shoot, the girls do a shoot inspired of Greek Mythology Part II, due to health problems, Laura did not participate on the photo shoot.
At judging, Otilia, Cristina, Lavinia, Sânziana and Denisa received praise from the judges while Barbara, Diana Luca, Victoria and Bianca had the worst photos. Victoria becomes faint at panel due emotions. Bianca landed in the bottom two for slowly sliding down the competition with Diana Luca and in a shocking elimination, both of them were sent home.
Episode 4.
"First aired October 11, 2012
In this episode, in first challenge the girls made a catwalk blindfolded and holding objects in hands, the end no girl don't won the challenge. In next day the girls walk in a salt mine at low temperatures, in this catwalk Ramona was criticized for poor performance. After catwalk Barbara said about as Ramona is lesbian and Ramona denied. Begin the photoshoot Lavinia and Ramona have laughed at Sânziana.
At the photo shoot, the girls have posed in a site with a male models, Ramona, Laura and Victoria got praised while Lavina was criticized because she gaining weight. After the photoshoot Ruxandra cried because poor performance in this day.
At panel, Victoria was praised for her photo and her performance during the challenge, ultimately receiving the first call-out. The special guest, Mircea Bărbulescu has appreciated Laura's photography. Andreea and Lavinia were placed in the bottom two. In the end, Lavinia was saved and Andreea was eliminated. After Andreea's elimination the two twins Laura and Cristina had said as Sânziana must eliminated not Andreea because Sânziana had the worst photos.
Episode 5.
"First aired October 18, 2012
The models were subject to a number of acting. At photoshoop the girls were posed with a male models, the theme was (Angels and Damons). After the photoshoop the girls have had a gymnastics lesson while Lavinia was very criticized, Victoria was the best and she was appreciate. At home Sânziana told them girls about her life in the orphanage. Most girls said they Sânziana is privileged because she lived in the orphanage.
At challenge the girls were decorations for boys (table, chair, hanger, etc.) for this challenge the girls were divided in two teams. Team one is Cristina's team and team two is Laura's team. The winning team is Cristina's team.
At panel, the two twins Laura and Cristina were praised. Because Cristina, Lavinia, Victoria, Barbara, Sânziana and Diana Z. were immune from elimination after their team won the reward challenge. Alexandra and Ruxandra landed in the bottom two for their poor performance, but in the end, Alexandra was spared and Ruxandra was eliminated.
Episode 6.
"First aired October 25, 2012
At the photo shoot, Mihai Ștețcu teach the girls on posing while being tossed in the air, Otilia, Sânziana and Victoria got praised while Lavinia, Alexandra and Ramona struggled. After the photoshoot girls made a party. During the party Lavinia stole Otilia's phone and gave to Cătălin. After party Otilia went in the Lavinia's room and they quarreled.
At the runway challenge, the girls walk on the stone catwalk. Victoria was the most criticized because fell a much times. Afet runway challenge Lavinia was on the verge of being disqualified because took the Ramona's phone from Cătălin.
At the photo shoot, the girls have posed in Mykonos, Greece. Ramona posed with a pelican. Sânziana Victoria and Alexandra were the most criticized.
At the panel, Otilia, Denisa and the two twins Laura and Cristina receive praise, while Alexandra, Sânziana, Lavinia and Victoria do not. Alexandra, Lavinia, Victoria and Sânziana are called forward as the bottom four, all of whom were not liked by the judges. Nevertheless, Cătălin hands the girls a single sheet with all four of their photographs and decides to not send any of them home.
Episode 7.
"First aired November 1, 2012
Episode 8.
"First aired November 8, 2012
Episode 9.
"First aired November 15, 2012
Episode 10.
"First aired November 22, 2012
Episode 11.
"First aired December 6, 2012
Episode 12.
"First aired December 13, 2012
Episode 13.
"First aired December 20, 2012
Episode 14.
"First aired December 27, 2012
Summaries.
Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

</doc>
<doc id="36853308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853308" title="Nesar-e Meleh Maran">
Nesar-e Meleh Maran

Nesar-e Meleh Maran (, also Romanized as Neşār-e Meleh Mārān and Nes̄ār-e Maleh-ye Mārān) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 232, in 46 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853332" title="Pahneh Bor, Shirvan">
Pahneh Bor, Shirvan

Pahneh Bor (; also known as Panābar) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853333" title="1602 in Norway">
1602 in Norway

Events in the year 1602 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36853397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853397" title="Max Uhlig">
Max Uhlig

Max Uhlig (born 23 June 1937 in Dresden) is a German painter. He won the Hans Theo Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36853407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853407" title="Satinette">
Satinette

Satinette may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36853416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853416" title="Ntema Ndungidi">
Ntema Ndungidi

Ntema Ndungidi (born March 15, 1979) is a former Zaire-born Canadian Minor League Baseball outfielder. He played in the minor leagues in the Baltimore Orioles, Seattle Mariners, and Montreal Expos organizations. He appeared in the All-Star Futures Game.
Biography.
Ndungidi was born in Kisangani, in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo). His father moved to Montreal, Quebec, in 1981. The rest of the family, including him, followed the next year. He attended Cégep Édouard-Montpetit.
The Baltimore Orioles drafted Ndungidi in the first round, with the 36th overall selection, of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft, making him the highest-ranked MLB draftee from Quebec of all time. He was selected with a compensation pick received for the loss of David Wells as a free agent. The Orioles signed him with a $500,000 signing bonus. Ndungidi is the second baseball player of African descent to play for a Major League Baseball organization, the first being Mark Miller of South Africa, who played Minor League Baseball in the 1970s. Ndungidi had a .295 batting average with the Bluefield Orioles of the Rookie-level Appalachian League in 1998. However, he struggled with the Delmarva Shorebirds of the Class A South Atlantic League and the Frederick Keys of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League in 1999.
In 2000, while playing for Frederick, Ndungidi was selected to appear in the All-Star Futures Game. He received a promotion to the Bowie Baysox of the Class AA Eastern League during the season. Participating in the Arizona Fall League after the 2000 season, Ndungidi left the team without permission, and was suspended. "Baseball America" named Ndungidi the fourth-best prospect in the Orioles organization prior to the 2001 season. After 2001, he was released and claimed by the Seattle Mariners. After the 2002 season, he signed a minor league contract with the Montreal Expos. In 2003, he played for the Quebec Capitales of the Northeast League, an independent baseball league.

</doc>
<doc id="36853427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853427" title="Pahneh Bor">
Pahneh Bor

Pahneh Bor or Pahneh Bar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853433" title="2012–13 Welsh League Cup">
2012–13 Welsh League Cup

The 2012–13 Welsh League Cup was the 21st season of the Welsh League Cup, which was established in 1992. A new format was introduced with eight feeder league clubs involved for the first time. The winners progressed into the second round, alongside the twelve Welsh Premier League clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="36853440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853440" title="Helen Lindes">
Helen Lindes

Helen Lindes (born 17 August 1981) is a Spanish model who was Miss Spain 2000 and came in third in the Miss Universe 2000 contest.

</doc>
<doc id="36853444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853444" title="Pahneh Bor, Shirvan and Chardaval">
Pahneh Bor, Shirvan and Chardaval

Pahneh Bor () is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853459" title="Palkaneh, Ilam">
Palkaneh, Ilam

Palkaneh (, also Romanized as Palkāneh; also known as Palgāneh and Palkāneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853467" title="Werner Wittig (painter)">
Werner Wittig (painter)

Werner Wittig (25 October 1930 in Chemnitz – 31 December 2013) was a German painter, engraver and printmaker. He won the Hans Theo Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36853481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853481" title="Palkaneh">
Palkaneh

Palkaneh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853485" title="Palkaneh-ye Sofla">
Palkaneh-ye Sofla

Palkaneh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Palkāneh-ye Soflá; also known as Palgāneh and Palkāneh) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853486" title="Ōyutaka Masachika">
Ōyutaka Masachika

Ōyutaka Masachika (born 29 March 1955 as Eiji Suzuki) is a former sumo wrestler from Horinouchi, Niigata, Japan. He made his professional debut in November 1973, and reached the top division in May 1982. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in January 1987 and is currently the head of the Arashio stable, which he founded in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36853506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853506" title="2012–13 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio">
2012–13 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio

The 2012–13 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio season was the twenty-seventh since its establishment. The league is the uppermost in San Marino, in which the country's top 15 amateur football clubs play. The season began on 14 September 2012 and ended with the play-off final in May 2013. Tre Penne are the defending league champions, having won their first ever Sammarinese championship last season. Tre Penne retained their title, defeating ten-man AC Libertas 5-3 on penalties in a repeat of the previous year's play-off final.
Participating teams.
Because there is no promotion or relegation in the league, the same 15 teams who competed in the league last season will compete in the league this season. 
Venues.
The teams do not have grounds of their own due to restricted space in San Marino. Each match was randomly assigned to one of the following grounds:
Regular season.
The 15 clubs are split into two groups; one with eight clubs and another with seven clubs. 
Play-off.
The play-off will be held in a double-eliminination format. Both group winners (Libertas and Folgore) will earn byes in the first and second round.
Second Round.
Cosmos is eliminated
Third Round.
Murata is eliminated
Fourth Round.
Folgore is eliminated
Fifth Round.
La Fiorita is eliminated

</doc>
<doc id="36853507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853507" title="A Lot Like Birds">
A Lot Like Birds

A Lot Like Birds is an American post-hardcore band formed in Sacramento, California. The band has released three albums and received considerable media attention from music sites. Since the release of 2011's "Conversation Piece", A Lot Like Birds has signed to Equal Vision Records and released their third studio album on October 29, 2013.
History.
Formation and "Plan B" (2009–2010).
The band formed in Sacramento when guitarist/vocalist Michael Franzino invited local musicians to collaborate on an album. The result was A Lot Like Birds's debut album "Plan B". Released in 2009, the album was largely instrumental and experimental, featuring horns, strings, and guest vocals in addition to screamed vocals and post-hardcore arrangements. It has been widely distributed for free online by the band.
Following the album's release, A Lot Like Birds formed a core around five of the musicians involved: Franzino and Ben Wiacek on guitar, Michael Littlefield on bass, Joe Arrington on drums, and Cory Lockwood on vocals. The other musicians that appeared on the album would appear at live shows as guest performers, and the band took to describing themselves as a "5-8 piece" outfit.
Addition of Kurt Travis and "Conversation Piece" (2011).
In January 2011, A Lot Like Birds confirmed that singer Kurt Travis would be joining the band, after the information had already leaked online. Travis, who had previously fronted Dance Gavin Dance, had originally planned to collaborate with A Lot Like Birds for a track, but decided to join after seeing how well he and the band fit together.
Travis soon formed a connection at Doghouse Records, and in April A Lot Like Birds announced that they had signed to the label, despite not having any music to showcase beyond "Plan B". The first demo recorded with Kurt Travis was for the song "Tantrum (Far From The Tree, The Apple Grew Rotten)", an eight-minute, uncommonly structured song that leaked onto the internet in March, before the signing was announced.
Having generated a steady buzz, A Lot Like Birds released their second album, "Conversation Piece" to much anticipation on October 11. With more focus on vocals than on their first album, "Conversation Piece" was also less experimental and more focused on post-hardcore elements. The release was generally well received by fans of the genre. With their second album under their belt, the band set out on their first national tour with Just Like Vinyl and Dance Gavin Dance .
Signing to Equal Vision and "No Place" (2012–Present).
On August 8, 2012, it was announced that A Lot Like Birds had signed to Equal Vision Records. On September 12, 2013, Equal Vision Records and A Lot Like Birds announced that a new album, "No Place", would be released on October 29.
A new song entitled "Kuroi Ledge" was released on October 4.
A music video for the song "Next to Ungodliness" was released on October 25.
No Place debuted at number 199 on the Billboard 200 and number 6 on the Heatseekers Album Chart.
An animated music video for the song "Connector" was released on January 9, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36853522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853522" title="Peter Graf (painter)">
Peter Graf (painter)

Peter Graf (born 1937 in Crimmitschau) is a German painter. He won the Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36853537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853537" title="Chris Bisaillon">
Chris Bisaillon

Chris Bisaillon is a retired American football player who played for the Illinois Wesleyan Titans as a wide receiver. In 2012, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. Bisaillon, who played for the Titans from 1989 to 1992, becomes only the second IWU player to be named to the College Football Hall of Fame, joining lineman Tony Blazine, who played at IWU from 1931-34 and was inducted posthumously in 2002. The two-time All-America honoree left the school as the most accomplished wide receiver in Division III history as he set the all-time NCAA record with 55 touchdown catches, and tied the Division III record by recording 36 consecutive games with a reception. Bisaillon's 55 scoring grabs topped the record set by Jerry Rice of Mississippi Valley State. He finished his IWU career with 230 receptions for 3,125 yards. He also had 1,067 kickoff return yards and 981 punt return yards. The Division III and collegiate record has since been set at 75 career receiving TDs by Scott Pingel of Westminster (Mo.) from 1996 to 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36853556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853556" title="St. Mirren F.C. in European football">
St. Mirren F.C. in European football

St. Mirren Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in Paisley. The club first competed in a European competition in 1980–81, entering the UEFA Cup following a third place finish in the Scottish Premier Division. The club reached the second round, which remains the club's joint best run in a UEFA competition.
History.
1980–81 UEFA Cup.
St. Mirren secured a third place finish in the Scottish Premier Division behind Aberdeen and Celtic in the 1979–80 season which qualified the club to enter the first round of the UEFA Cup the following season, along with fellow Scottish club Dundee United. Their first opponents were IF Elfsborg, of Sweden. St. Mirren won the first leg 2–1 at Ryavallen, and the two clubs played out a 0–0 draw at Love Street. This was enough to send the Scottish club through to the second round. The club faced French side AS Saint-Étienne with the first leg resulting in a similar 0–0 draw in Paisley. In the away leg St. Mirren were defeated 2–0 at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard to end their European début.
1983–84 UEFA Cup.
Following their début in the UEFA Cup three seasons beforehand, St. Mirren similarly qualified for the competition in 1983–84 through their league ranking. The club faced Feyenoord of the Netherlands in the first round. In the first leg they went 1–0 down at home and were defeated in a similar fashion at the Feijenoord Stadion in Rotterdam in the away leg 2–0, rounding off a 3–0 aggregate defeat.
1985–86 UEFA Cup.
With a fifth place finish in the Scottish Premier Division St. Mirren qualified for the UEFA Cup for a third time. In the first round they were drawn against Czechoslovakian team SK Slavia Prague. In the first leg at Stadion Evžena Rošického St. Mirren were narrowly defeated 1–0. In the return leg in Scotland the match ended 1–0 after 90 minutes but this time in favour of St. Mirren which forced the match into extra time. The home team went on to score two goals and win the match 3–0 on the night at Love Street and 3–1 on aggregate to progress to the second round. Hammarby IF of Sweden were the opponents in the second round and the two clubs played out a 3–3 draw in the first leg at Söderstadion in Stockholm. In the return leg, St. Mirren were defeated 2–1 on the night and 5–4 on aggregate.
1987–88 European Cup Winners' Cup.
St. Mirren's last entry to date in a UEFA organised competition is the 1987–88 European Cup Winners' Cup which they qualified as Scottish Cup winners from the previous season. The club faced Tromsø IL of Norway in the first round. St. Mirren won the first leg 1–0 at Love Street and the second leg at Alfheim Stadion ended 0–0 which was enough to send the club through. Their second round opponents were KV Mechelen from Belgium. In the first leg the match ended 0–0 in Mechelen but St. Mirren were defeated 2–0 at home in the return leg and were thus eliminated. KV Mechelen went on to be surprise winners of the tournament in their European début.

</doc>
<doc id="36853580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853580" title="Les William">
Les William

J. L. (Les) William(January 18, 1915 – June 4, 1994) was a builder of scientific instruments. Born in Melbourne, Australia he was known for his beautiful and precision craftsmanship and was known as one of the best scientific instrument makers in Australia. His equipment can be found in Australian laboratories that existed from the 1930s through to the 1980s. He founded a company situated in the Melbourne suburb of Hughesdale called J.L. William Scientific Instruments. Les attended Caulfield Technical School and worked at his brother's firm during World War 2. Soon after he set up his own instrumentation company. Les never married. In his later years Les suffered from motor neurone disease.
Les William liked to recall Lord Kelvin's dictum that one did not truly understand a scientific quantity until one could measure it and provide an accurate numerical value. William's career was closely linked to that of his older brother Austin (1913–85). During the Second World War the two brothers worked together producing electrical meters. After the war Austin continued on in the manufacture of electrical meters while Les split off starting his own company producing high accuracy standard resistors. He died in Melbourne on June 4, 1994. In his will Les made a substantial bequest to Monash University Department of Physics.
A portrait of J. L. (Les) William was recently commissioned by Monash University's School of Physics. The portrait was painted by the Adelaide artist Ms Avril Thomas. The J. L. William Bequest to the School of Physics specifically mentions "quantum measurements", and so his portrait is in plan to be displayed in the Monash University's New Horizons Centre, a multi-disciplinary building which encompasses energy research, low-dimensional and nano material physics research, atom optics, laser trapping and cooling, and Bose-Einstein condensates (BECs).
J L William Scholarships.
As a result of William's bequest Monash University's School of Physics now offers students scholarships on his behalf.

</doc>
<doc id="36853581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853581" title="Thomas Ranft">
Thomas Ranft

Thomas Ranft (born 1945, in Königsee) is a German painter. He won the Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36853585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853585" title="Lutz Fleischer">
Lutz Fleischer

Lutz Fleischer (born 1956 in Dresden) is a German painter and graphic artist. He won the Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36853593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853593" title="NBB MVP Award">
NBB MVP Award

NBB MVP Award is a NBB award given to the best performing player of the season. It's given since the first season of the Brazilian league, in 2009. The greatest winner is the forward Marcelinho Machado, with two consecutive awards. The award is given at the end of the season, at the wrap party of the championship, one day after the final game. Before the event, three candidates are announced and during the event the winner is chosen.
Winners.
Finals MVP.
In the 2010–11 NBB season, Liga Nacional de Basquete awarded for the first time the best player of the finals. This season, the finals were played in best series in five games, but the next two seasons the final was played in single game.

</doc>
<doc id="36853613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853613" title="Holme Dunes">
Holme Dunes

Holme Dunes is a National Nature Reserve near Holme-next-the-Sea, Norfolk. It is 213 ha (526 acres) in extent and has been owned and managed by the Norfolk Wildlife Trust since 1965.
It was designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in 1954, and in 1986 it was subsumed into the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest. The larger area is now additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar listings, and is part of the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).
The reserve's sand dunes, salt marsh, pasture and pools are important for breeding birds like Pied Avocet, and wintering ducks, geese and waders. There are a range of coastal habitats including, freshwater pools, grazing marsh and saltmarsh. Much of the site consists of natural habitats maintained largely by coastal processes.

</doc>
<doc id="36853639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853639" title="Wolfram Adalbert Scheffler">
Wolfram Adalbert Scheffler

Wolfram Adalbert Scheffler (born 1956 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a German painter and artist. He won the Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36853649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853649" title="Dieter Goltzsche">
Dieter Goltzsche

Dieter Goltzsche (born 1934 in Dresden) is a German painter and graphic designer. He won the Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36853664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853664" title="Sangni Fort">
Sangni Fort

Sangni Fort is a fort of Sikh Period in tehsil Gujar Khan, district Rawalpindi in Punjab, Pakistan. 
History.
The fort was probably built in the Sikh Period (1799-1849). This area came under Ranjit Singh in 1814. The Fort was built to control the area and to facilitate tax collection. The British made this area part of Rawalpindi district. Gradually the fort lost its importance and became obscure. The keepers of a nearby obscure shrine moved the shrine to this fort. 
The fort is in good condition with intact walls but the inside is altered due to the presence of the shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="36853672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853672" title="Qalandar-e Olya">
Qalandar-e Olya

Qalandar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Qalandar-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shāh Qalandar) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853681" title="Qalandar-e Sofla">
Qalandar-e Sofla

Qalandar-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Qalandar-e Soflá) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853697" title="Walter E. O'Hara">
Walter E. O'Hara

Walter Edmund O'Hara (April 20, 1897 – February 28, 1941) was an American horse racing executive who was the first President and Managing Director of the Narragansett Racing Association, which owned and operated Narragansett Park, a Thoroughbred horse track in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
Early life.
O'Hara was born on April 20, 1897 in Middleborough, Massachusetts. He attended public school there and then went to work for a newspaper in New Bedford, Massachusetts. He later moved to Fall River, Massachusetts where he became involved in the textile industry. O'Hara made a fortune buying and selling textile machinery and factories. He gained control over a number of textile mills and controlled eleven corporations in Massachusetts, including Annawan Mills in Fall River. In 1933, O'Hara was instrumental in bringing about an investigation of the Massachusetts State Police, which led to the resignation of the Commissioner of Public Safety.
Narragansett Park.
After he made a fortune in the textile industry O'Hara decided to branch out into other fields. He considered purchasing the Polo Grounds and constructing a sliding roof so the New York Giants could play in bad weather. However, while on vacation in Florida, O'Hara became interested in horse racing. In 1934, the parimutuel wagering was legalized in Rhode Island and O'Hara, along with James Dooley and Archie W. Merchant, formed the Narragansett Racing Association. They purchased the What Cheer Airport in Pawtucket and constructed Narragansett Park at the cost of $1.2 million. Construction was completed in less than two months. O'Hara was chosen to serve as the track's first President and Managing Director.
After Narragansett Park opened, O'Hara tried to become friends with local politicians. He established an alliance with former state Budget Director Thomas P. McCoy who was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Rhode Island in 1936. McCoy was defeated for the nomination by Lieutenant Governor Robert E. Quinn.
To further advance his interests, O'Hara purchased the "Providence News-Tribune" from Peter G. Gerry and merged it with another paper he purchased, the "Pawtucket Star", to create the "Providence Star-Tribune".
The Race Track War.
In the summer of 1937, O'Hara got into an altercation with the state racing steward. The state Horse Racing Division ordered that O'Hara be removed as a track official of the race track for intimidating and interfering with the steward. A Superior Court judge issued a restraining order which temporarily set aside the division's ruling. Attorney General of Rhode Island John Patrick Hartigan then got the restraining order set aside by the court's presiding judge. The Horse Racing Division also ordered an audit of the Narragansett Racing Association's books, which resulted in six new charges against the track to revoke its license the fall racing season. O'Hara responded to the charges in the "Star-Tribune" in an article which he implied that Governor Quinn was or would end up in Butler Hospital, a psychiatric hospital that specialized in the treatment of substance abuse. Quinn eventually pursued criminal libel charges against O'Hara. O'Hara was arrested by state police at his penthouse at Narragansett Park. He was quickly released on bail.
On September 15, 1937, the Rhode Island Supreme Court unanimously decided to quash the division's order to remove O'Hara. However, Quinn filed two charges with the division seeking O'Hara's removal as a track official and the revocation of the Narragansett Racing Association's license for O'Hara's attacks in the newspaper. The division sided with the Governor and ordered O'Hara's removal and indefinitely suspended the track's license at the end of the summer races. The summer racing season ended on September 30, 1937, however, the track did not remove O'Hara. The Supreme Court quashed the division's order to remove O'Hara and suspend the track's license. However, Quinn refused to permit racing at the track. On October 17, Quinn declared that Narragansett Park was "in a state of insurrection," and ordered the National Guard to enforce martial law. O'Hara, who was in Maryland on business, flew back to the track and was escorted by guardsmen to his penthouse on the track's roof, where he entertained journalists and politicians. He also played March of the Wooden Soldiers over the public address system for the guardsmen.
At 1 a.m on October 27, O'Hara was arrested in another libel suit by Quinn. As no judge was available to receive bail at that time, deputy sheriffs guarded O'Hara all night in a room at the Providence Biltmore. O'Hara was freed on $7,500 bail in the morning. Quinn eventually decided discontinue the suit on April 26, 1938.
On November 30, 1937, O'Hara petitioned the Superior Court for a temporary receiver of "The Star Tribune", stating that he had "lost hundreds of thousands fighting for right". At the time, the federal government had placed liens on his and his wife's properties for unpaid income tax. The paper was later purchased by the "Providence Journal" at auction. The "Journal" had its printers destroy the "Star-Tribune"′s presses with sledgehammers, thereby eliminating its biggest competitor.
On February 9, 1938, sheriff's deputies battered down the Narragansett Racing Association' doors and seized records on order of Superior Court. O'Hara then resigned as the association's president and managing director. He was succeeded by James Dooley.
In 1938, O'Hara ran against Quinn for Governor. O'Hara received 12,696 votes as the Square Deal party's candidate in a race that was won by Republican William Henry Vanderbilt III. Quinn had been hurt by the "Race Track War", as the $100,000 it cost the state to maintain the presence of the National Guard at the track and the lost revenue from the track's closure became campaign issues.
In 1939, O'Hara sold his shares in Narragansett Park to James H. Connors.
Other business ventures.
In 1934, O'Hara was a founding director of the Boston Garden-Arena Corporation.
In 1935, he entered the public utilities business by forming the Pawtucket Light and Power Co. He based the company out of an abandoned textile mill, which had a suitable enough power plant and room for expansion. In 1936 the City of Pawtucket purchased the mill for $55,000 cash and a $35,000 tax abatement.
O'Hara held options on the site of Benning Race Track in Washington D.C and was prepared to build another race course there if parimutuel wagering was legalized in the district.
In 1940, O'Hara announced plans to build a $2,000,000 race track near Atlantic City, New Jersey. However, plans fell through and the track was never built.
Suffolk Downs.
O'Hara was also the first managing director of Suffolk Downs. However, he left before the track opened because he felt the East Boston site was not suitable for a race track. He believed that the Sumner Tunnel was inadequate to handle the amount of traffic the track would receive, its location near oil tanks posed a possible fire hazard, and the purchase price of the land was too high.
In 1936, O'Hara made an offer to Charles Adams, Weston Adams, and Bruce Wetmore to purchase controlling interest of Suffolk Downs for $500,000. His bid was rejected.
Personal life.
On June 24, 1918, O'Hara married Helen B. Langshaw of New Bedford. The marriage ended in divorce nine years later. His second marriage to Cle Maddigan ended in divorce in January 1939. On June 15, 1940 he married Rose C. McLaughlin of Providence, Rhode Island. They separated on September 21, 1940.
Death.
On February 28, 1941, O'Hara was driving on the Providence-Taunton Highway to his office in Pawtucket. In Taunton, Massachusetts, O'Hara's car suddenly swerved into the other lane and crashed into an oncoming car. O'Hara was pronounced dead at Morton Hospital.
After his death, a legal battle ensued as to whom was entitled to ownership of O'Hara's two life insurance policies worth $80,000. During the proceedings, O'Hara was depicted as someone who would fly into a rage when drunk. On Christmas Eve 1940 he smashed a picture frame over his wife's head during an argument between the two of them in which his wife was said to have hit him in the eye with a gun. The policies were awarded to O'Hara's estate, as Mrs. O'Hara had surrendered the policies when she and her husband separated and he had the right to change the beneficiary to his estate.

</doc>
<doc id="36853710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853710" title="Daniel Yohannes">
Daniel Yohannes

Daniel W. Yohannes (born September 22, 1952) is an Ethiopian-American businessman and philanthropist who is currently the U.S. Ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on September 11, 2013, and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on April 9, 2014. 
Prior to his appointment, Yohannes served for more than four years as the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC), the independent U.S. foreign aid agency that is helping lead the fight against global poverty.
Prior to his government service, Yohannes was the President of M&R Investments, a firm specializing in financial services and the renewable energy sector. Before launching M&R Investments, Yohannes was a leader in the financial services industry, working in various roles throughout his career including as Vice Chairman and member of the Management Committee of U.S. Bank, President and CEO of Colorado National Bank, and as the Executive Vice President of Security Pacific Bank (now Bank of America).
In November 2006, Governor Bill Ritter of Colorado named Yohannes to oversee his transition team. In July of that same year John Hickenlooper appointed Yohannes to be Co-Chairman of the Greenprint Council, a group charged with overseeing the city of Denver’s sustainability plan.
Early life and family.
Born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia in 1952, Yohannes completed elementary school at the Nativity Boy’s School and went on to St. Joseph’s, a prestigious Catholic high school in the Ethiopian capital.
In 1970, at the age of 17, Yohannes immigrated to the United States from Ethiopia. He finished high school in Los Angeles and went on to college, earning a B.A. in Economics from Claremont McKenna College and an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University.
Daniel Yohannes is married to Saron Yohannes. They have three children.
Yohannes is fluent in Amharic.
Career.
Financial Services
Yohannes began his career in the financial services industry. In 1977, he started at Security Pacific National Bank (now Bank of America) as a management trainee. Working his way up the ranks, Yohannes eventually became Executive Vice President before leaving in 1992. Yohannes then relocated to Denver to work for the First Bank System, serving as President of Colorado National Bank from 1992 to 1999. During his tenure, the bank grew from $2 billion to $9 billion in assets. Also during this time, Colorado National Bank was acquired by U.S. Bank and Yohannes became CEO of U.S. Bank’s Colorado division. Yohannes was subsequently named Vice Chairman and Member of the Management Committee at U.S. Bank. He was named President of the division in 2002, and departed in 2003, stating that “It was time to do something different."
Yohannes followed his passion for protecting the environment through practical, sustainable methods by co-founding the New Resource Bank in San Francisco in 2006. The New Resource Bank invests in green projects and environmentally sustainable businesses.
Yohannes also served as President of M&R Investments, an investment firm specializing in real estate, financial institutions and the green sector.
Public Service
President Barack Obama nominated Yohannes to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation, a U.S. Government. Upon his nomination, the Modernizing Foreign Assistance Network stated, "Yohannes’ strong financial services background will ensure he is focused on gaining good returns on U.S. development investments through the MCC. His wealth of leadership experience positions him to be an effective manager of this critical development institution."
On November 20, 2009, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmed Yohannes. Upon his confirmation, Yohannes said, "We have a lot to accomplish in order to advance our government’s vision to reduce global poverty. It is challenging to replace patronage with partnership to deliver smart aid that matters by encouraging good policies, country-led development, and sustainable results. MCC offers some important lessons on where to start."
Yohannes brings his private sector expertise to the position, stating MCC should be run effectively and efficiently, “just like a business," to bring the best returns to the American taxpayer.
Under Yohannes’ leadership MCC has launched eight new large-scale grants for economic growth, called MCC compacts (in Moldova, Philippines, Jordan, Malawi, Indonesia, Cape Verde, Zambia and Georgia) and two smaller-scale grants called Threshold Programs (in Liberia and Timor-Leste), terminated one compact (Mali) as a result of the country's poor governance, and successfully completed nine compacts (Honduras, Cape Verde, Georgia, Vanuatu, Nicaragua, Armenia, Benin, Ghana and El Salvador).
Yohannes led a Presidential Delegation to Dakar, Senegal in April, 2012 for the occasion of President Macky Sall’s inauguration. The delegation included Ambassador Lewis Lukens, Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson, and General Carter Ham. Yohannes and the delegation met with President Sall following the inauguration to congratulate him on behalf of President Obama and the American people. During the meeting, they discussed Senegal’s ongoing commitment to democratic governance, economic reform, and the country’s important contributions to regional peace, stability and security.
Yohannes also led the U.S. Presidential Delegation to Accra, Ghana, in January, 2013 for the inauguration of President John Dramani Mahama. The delegation included Ambassador Gene Cretz, Assistant Secretary Johnnie Carson,and Deputy Secretary Donald Teitelbaum. Ghana, one of four countries selected to participate in the U.S. Government’s Partnership for Growth, is currently in the process of developing a second MCC compact that will focus on the power sector. In February, 2013, outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton awarded Yohannes with the State Department’s highest honor, the Secretary’s Distinguished Service Award.
President Obama invited Yohannes to join him during his trip to Africa in June 2013. Yohannes joined the president in Senegal from June 27–28 and in Tanzania from July 1–2, where the U.S. delegation announced the administration's Power Africa initiative, in which MCC plays a role. 
In June 2013, Yohannes was invited to join the Council of Foreign Relations. 
Community Service.
Yohannes is active in his community and has served on various boards and civil organizations, including sitting on the Board of Project C.U.R.E (Commission on Urgent Relief & Equipment), an organization that delivers donated medical supplies and equipment to more than 120 developing nations around the world, and the National Jewish Hospital. Yohannes helped to fund the building of a new research and medical facility at the hospital, the Iris and Michael Smith Clinics and Laboratories, which opened in 2007. 
Yohannes served as co-chair of the 23rd G8 summit in Denver, Colorado in 1997 along with Bill Coors and Gail Schoettler. In this capacity, Yohannes was responsible for raising the funds necessary to host the summit. Yohannes was recognized in Denver for the significant role he played in making the summit possible.
Yohannes was also an advocate for Denver Sister Cities International, playing an influential role in pairing Denver with the city of Axum in Ethiopia. In 1995, after the match was made official, Yohannes co-led a delegation of Denver officials and business leaders on a visit to Axum.
Yohannes has served the arts community through his presence on the Smithsonian National Board and the Board of Directors of Media One (now Comcast).
In 2006, while serving on the Board of Trustees of Denver Art Museum, Yohannes and his family endowed the museum’s first African art gallery. Beyond providing the new gallery space in the museum, Yohannes aided in expanding the museum’s African art collection.
He has also lent his expertise to his community by serving on the boards of the University of Washington Michael G. Foster School of Business, the Pacific Coast Banking School, the Boy Scouts of America, the First Western Trust Bank, the New Resource Bank, and the Board of Advisors for the University of Colorado Medical School.
Yohannes has stated that he sees his position of CEO at the Millennium Challenge Corporation as an opportunity to give back to his adopted homeland, the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36853733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853733" title="My Neighbor">
My Neighbor

"My Neighbor" ("", literally "The Neighbor") is a short story by Franz Kafka. It was written in 1917 and published in 1931 in Berlin by Max Brod and Hans-Joachim Schoeps. The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in "The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections" (New York: Schocken Books, 1946).
The main character of the story is a young merchant who initially pretends to be self-assured but finds himself threatened by his new neighbor and possible competitor Harras.
Analysis.
The narrator seems to be successful and to have no difficulties in conducting his business. However, his repeated affirmation "I do not complain, I do not complain" suggests that there could be cause for complaint. In hindsight, he regrets not to have rented the apartment next door because of its kitchen. This apartment was now hired by another young businessman.
The narrator wants to find out more details about the life and the activities of his new neighbor Harras. He assumes that Harras wants to harm him commercially, possible even ruin him. He does not speak to Harras but makes inquiries, finding no more than that is a "young and emerging man" like himself. He is suspicious because Harras is always in a hurry and does not seem interested in a conversation. The narrator feels increasingly threatened, his fears grow to the grotesque, without evidence. In the end, his self-confidence has dissolved completely.
References to other works of Kafka.
The central vehicle of the uncertainty of the protagonist is the telephone. This was a new form of communication in the beginning of the 20th century that scared Kafka. In the novel "The Castle", the phone also plays an irritating confusing role.
Kafka featured the hardships of a merchant again and again, probably due to the numerous complaints of his father. An early story was titled "Der Kaufmann" ("The Merchant"). The story "Das Ehepaar" ("The Married Couple" discusses the competition between two traders. Gregor Samsa in "The Metamorphosis" is - an unfortunate commercial agent before he is transformed.
Reception.
Sudau writes "Doch der Konkurrenzkampf ist nur das offensichtliche Problem des Textes; eine tiefer sitzende Daseinsunsicherheit und -angst kann als das eigentliche angesehen werden. Zögerlichkeit, Kleinlichkeit, Misstrauen, Ängstlichkeit, Selbstvorwürfe und Zwangsvorstellungen sind sein Daseinsdiktum. ... Der Text zeigt die Genese von Vorurteil und Verfolgungswahn." (But the competition is only the obvious problem of the text, the real problem is a deeper uncertainty and anxiety. Hesitancy, pettiness, distrust, anxiety, self-blame and obsessions shape his existence. ... The text shows the genesis of prejudice and paranoia.)

</doc>
<doc id="36853739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853739" title="Sefid Khani-ye Olya">
Sefid Khani-ye Olya

Sefid Khani-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Sefīd Khānī) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853748" title="Sefid Khani-ye Sofla">
Sefid Khani-ye Sofla

Sefid Khani-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī-ye Soflá; also known as Sar Kalak and Sar Koleh) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853760" title="Sefid Khani-ye Vosta">
Sefid Khani-ye Vosta

Sefid Khani-ye Vosta (, also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853770" title="Red Fang (album)">
Red Fang (album)

Red Fang is the self-titled debut album by the American stoner metal band Red Fang, released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36853785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853785" title="Advocates (short story)">
Advocates (short story)

Advocates (Fürsprecher) is a prose piece by Franz Kafka created, probably 1922, the first edition took place in 1936. Using typical Kafka legal metaphors,a monologue describes the difficulty and the necessity of finding advocates, or rather people who speak for him, the literal meaning of "Fürsprecher".
Content.
A narrator tells of his search for advocates, constantly moving in the aisles in which an undefined roar prevails. He often meets old cumbersome women. The narrator does not know whether he is in a courthouse, but he knows he is not in the right place to gather advocates. He needs them to defend him against accusers. He tries to attract a large number of supporters from different groups of the population. The relentless search finds him moving upwards on seemingly endless stairs in a gigantic building, with the steps growing under the feet.
Form.
It is a small unstructured piece of prose piece that so far has been interpreted only rarely. It starts in the past tense, turns into the present tense and then turns in his final passages in almost imploring way to the reader, often addressed him as "du" (you). The narrator has already begun the search before the story began, it gets more and more excessive.
While in the beginning static elements predominate (repellent faces, drone, heavy women"), in the end a breathless scurry through corridors, doors and stairs is pictured in a cinematic way.
Text Analysis.
"Advocates" is a term from both the legal as the religious sphere. It remains unclear why the narrator really needs advocates. The narrator wants a wall of supporters. He wants to find them "in a place where many people meet from all social classes, all professions, ages". This can be interpreted as a protecting collective, the community ideal of Zionism.
References to other works of Kafka.
"Advocates" seems related to the novel Der Process which kafka aborte seven years before: the aimless walking in corridors which are not clearly part of the court, the reflections on the nature of justice, the search for helpers. When he wrote the text in 1922, Kafka was also busy with Das Schloss, including similar ubiquitous old portly women.

</doc>
<doc id="36853786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853786" title="Shahrak-e Sartang">
Shahrak-e Sartang

Shahrak-e Sartang (; also kown as Shahrak-e Jomhūrī-ye Eslāmī-ye Sartang and Shahrak-e Sartang-e Zangūn) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 967, in 208 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853787" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Star">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Star

The Star class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 11 and 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36853815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853815" title="Sarab-e Kalan">
Sarab-e Kalan

Sarab-e Kalan (, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kalān) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 884, in 184 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853816" title="Magalí Romitelli">
Magalí Romitelli

Magalí Romitelli (born 1987) was the contestant from Argentina in the Miss Universe 2006 pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="36853826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853826" title="Varmian-e Sofla">
Varmian-e Sofla

Varmian-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Varmīān-e Soflá; also known as Varmīān and Varmīyān) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853843" title="Chak Dhothar">
Chak Dhothar

It is a village in Ludhiana District, Punja , India.The name of village is on a Jatt clan Dhothar living here .
Jasbir Singh Tatla, the first turbaned Sikh in Canadian Air Force , also belong to this village.

</doc>
<doc id="36853844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853844" title="Pakistan national men's squash team">
Pakistan national men's squash team

The Pakistan national men's squash team represents Pakistan in international squash team competitions, and is governed by the Pakistan Squash Federation.
Since 1981, Pakistan has won 6 World Squash Team Open titles. Their most recent title came in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="36853845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853845" title="Murder the Mountains">
Murder the Mountains

Murder the Mountains is the second studio album by the American stoner rock band Red Fang, released in 2011. The song Number Thirteen is featured in the 2011 music game Rocksmith. The song Wires was played in episode 211 of the Canadian show Todd and the Book of Pure Evil. Music videos were released for the songs "Wires" and "Hank Is Dead".

</doc>
<doc id="36853847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853847" title="Ann Chiang">
Ann Chiang

Ann Chiang Lai-wan, JP, (, born 16 May 1955) is the chairman of C&L Holdings and a member of Hong Kong Legislative Council. She is the second daughter of Chiang Chen, a Hong Kong pro-Beijing entrepreneur.
Background.
Chiang began serving in the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from 1993 to 2013. In 2000, Chiang joined Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong and was appointed as the vice-chairman of DAB in 2007.
In 1981, she received her Bachelor of Arts from Concordia University. Since 2005, she has served as non-executive director in Elec & Eltek International Holdings and chairman of C&L Holdings. Chiang has interested in Conditioning farming system.
In 2006, Chiang started serving on the council board of City University of Hong Kong.
In 2012, Chiang was elected as member of Member of Legislative Council (Representative for Kowloon West).

</doc>
<doc id="36853849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853849" title="Babamoradi-e Olya">
Babamoradi-e Olya

Babamoradi-e Olya (, also Romanized as Bābāmorādī-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bābāmorād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853851" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Finn">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Finn

The Finn class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 5 and 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36853863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853863" title="Clackmannan Group">
Clackmannan Group

The Clackmannan Group is the name given to a suite of rocks of late Dinantian and Namurian age laid down during the Carboniferous period in the Midland Valley of Scotland.
The Group comprises a lower unit of coarse sandstones, siltstones, mudstone, and limestones with thin coals and ironstones known as the Lower Limestone Formation, an overlying sequence of similar rocks known as the Limestone Coal Formation, then an Upper Limestone Formation and at its top the sandstones of the Passage Formation. This last formation also includes fireclays, siltstones, mudstones, ironstones, coal and seatrocks.
The Clackmannan Group conformably overlays the rocks of the Strathclyde Group and underlays the Coal Measures, this latter boundary also being conformable. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853866" title="Gadmeh">
Gadmeh

Gadmeh (, also Romanized as Gadameh; also known as Garmeh) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 686, in 149 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853869" title="List of 1980 Winter Olympics medal winners">
List of 1980 Winter Olympics medal winners

The 1980 Winter Olympics, officially called the XIII Olympic Winter Games, took place February 13 through 24, 1980 in Lake Placid, New York, USA. 
Venues for the events were the Olympic Center (later renamed Herb Brooks Arena), Whiteface Mountain, Mt. Van Hoevenberg Olympic Bobsled Run, the Olympic Ski Jumps, the Cascade Cross Country Ski Center, and the Lake Placid High School Speed Skating Oval.
Medal leaders.
Athletes that won at least two gold medals or at least three total medals are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="36853871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853871" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Men's 470">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Men's 470

The Men's 470 class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 5 and 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36853872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853872" title="California Historical Landmarks in Stanislaus County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Stanislaus County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Stanislaus County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36853881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853881" title="Democracy Day (Canada)">
Democracy Day (Canada)

Democracy Day is a project initiated by Fair Vote Canada to "to celebrate and reflect upon Canadian democracy." 
On August 2, 2011, Fair Vote Canada launched Democracy Day and Democracy Week in Canada annual events encouraging participation, education, and celebration of Canadian democracy. In its first year events were held by different groups in cities across Canada. Fair Vote Canada designated Democracy Day to be Canada's celebration of the United Nations International Day of Democracy and Democracy Week to be the seven-day calendar week in which Democracy Day falls (September 15 each year). A number of Canadian non-profit and governmental organizations participate in and promote the events, including Elections Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36853890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853890" title="Temporal motivation theory">
Temporal motivation theory

Temporal motivation theory (TMT) is an integrative motivational theory. Developed by Piers Steel and Cornelius J. Konig, the theory emphasizes time as a critical, motivational factor. The argument for a broad, integrative theory stems from the absence of a single theory that can address motivation in its entirety. Thus, it incorporates primary aspects of multiple major theories, including expectancy theory, hyperbolic discounting, need theory and cumulative prospect theory. According to Schmidt, Dolis and Tolli, Temporal Motivation Theory "may help further the understanding of the impact of time, and particularly deadlines, on dynamic attention allocation." The Temporal Motivation Theory formula can be applied to the human behaviour, procrastination and to goal setting. According to Lord, Diefenforff, Schmidt and Hall, the theory "models the motivating power of approaching deadlines, arguing that the perceived utility of a given activity increases exponentially as the deadline nears. These and similar ideas have been applied to the pervasive phenomenon of procrastination".
Model.
The theory states an individual's motivation for a task can be derived with the following formula (in its simplest form):
<br>
<br>
where formula_2, the desire for a particular outcome, formula_3 or self-efficacy is the probability of success, formula_4 is the reward associated with the outcome, formula_5 is the individual’s sensitivity to delay and formula_6 is the time to realization.
To see how temporal motivation theory can be applied in an example, consider a student given one month to study for a final exam. The student is given two options—studying and socializing. The student enjoys socializing but needs to achieve a good grade. The reward of studying is not immediate thus at the beginning of the student's study period, the motivation to study is lower than the motivation to socialize. However, as the study period diminishes from several weeks to several days, the motivation to study will surpass the motivation to socialize.

</doc>
<doc id="36853897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853897" title="Kol Kol">
Kol Kol

Kol Kol () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36853915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853915" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Women's 470">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Women's 470

The Women's 470 class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 12 and 18, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36853916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853916" title="Mivaleh-ye Olya">
Mivaleh-ye Olya

Mivaleh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Mīvaleh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Poshteh Mīvaleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 152, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853924" title="The Magic Wardrobe">
The Magic Wardrobe

The Magic Wardrobe () is a 2011 Icelandic family film directed by Bragi Hinriksson.

</doc>
<doc id="36853943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853943" title="NBB Best Sixth Player">
NBB Best Sixth Player

The NBB Best Sixth Player is a NBB award, given since the NBB 2009 to the most valuable substitute player, called sixth man. The award is given at the end of the season, at the wrap party of the championship, one day after the final game. Before the event, three candidates are announced and during the event the winner is chosen.

</doc>
<doc id="36853948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853948" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – 49er">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – 49er

The 49er class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 12 and 18, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36853952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853952" title="Campo de Benfica">
Campo de Benfica

Campo de Benfica was a football grass field in Lisbon, Portugal. After Benfica absorbed Desportos de Benfica, on 17/09/1916, it started using as headquarters, the facilities in Avenida Gomes Pereira, in the back there was a football field since 1914 which was used by some clubs in Lisbon who didn't have their own, like GS Cruz Quebrada. Benfica celebrated with Empresa dos Melhoramentos de Benfica (EMB) - owner of the land where the field was located - an annual rent deal of 840$00 escudos, paid monthly in advance in the amount of 70$00 escudos.
Benfica then left Campo de Sete Rios. Stand's with capacity of 10.000 and additional tennis court were built. On 25 March 1919, o Benfica played the first night football game in Portugal, with 1000 candles helped by 18 reflectors. 
But by 1923, the Municipality of Lisbon wanted to build a road to link Estrada de Benfica to Estrada Nacional, crossing the place where the field was located (the street was only built in 1997, 74 years later). 
Benfica after 1923 then moved to Estádio do Campo Grande belonging to Sporting CP and Campo de Palhavã of Império Lisboa Clube, till Estádio das Amoreiras, completed in 1925 was finished.
Between 1916 and 1923, Benfica played 27 matches, won 11, drew 6 and lost 10, scored 56, conceded 45. 

</doc>
<doc id="36853958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853958" title="Rata Dhotharan">
Rata Dhotharan

Rata Dhotharan is a village in Hafizabad District, Punjab, Pakistan.
The population mainly consists of Dhothar Jatts.

</doc>
<doc id="36853963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853963" title="List of handball clubs in Qatar">
List of handball clubs in Qatar

List of handball clubs in Qatar sorted by division:

</doc>
<doc id="36853979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36853979" title="Chahrkey">
Chahrkey

Chahrkey (variant spellings may Chāharki or Chaharke or Chāharki or Chaharke or Chaharki or Chāharki) is a village located at Latitude 32°25'8.08 Longitude: 73°50'4.35 in tehsil Phalia, Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan. This beautiful locality is situated on the bank of Chenab River. Its estimate terrain elevation above seal level is 219 metres. 
The nearest towns are Jokalian, Khoosar, Narang, Kamonkey, Ratti Pindi and Saad Ullah Pur. On the other bank of Chenab River, Ali Pur Chatta and Rasulnagar are situated. The earlier name of Rasulnagar was Ramnagar. Chahrkey is full of lush green fields. In 1973, the village almost drowned in a flood and then the government built a flood safety wall on its south side to save the population of numerous villages, in future. Qadirabad Headworks is situated 6 km west of Chahrkey on Chenab River. A battle fought on 22 November 1848 in nearby towns of Saad Ullah Pur and Ramnagar between British Army and Khalsa Sikh 
Chahrkey is included in the Constituency PP-117. The earlier Name of this constituency was PP-99 and it was changed in 2008 elections.
Ways of earning.
Most of the population of the village depends upon agricultural earnings. The soil of the village is very fertile. The people love to have the cattle for their needs. Some of the people are working in Education, Health, Judiciary, Army, Police and Civil Engineering departments. A considerable community is working abroad to earn for their families. Some people have earned a good name in the business of rice, furniture and pottery.
Tribes and Castes.
Most of the population of the village belongs to Dhothar, Jatts , Janjua, Tarar, Mangat, Malhi castes.
Crops.
The main crops of the village are Sugarcane, (جوار), Rice, Wheat, Millet (باجرا), Peanut (مونگ پھلی), Maiz, Water Mellon, Mellon and orchards of mangoes, banana and date palms.
Prominent Personalities.
The notable persons of the village are Hakeem Ghulam Rasool Janjua (Late), Manzoor Ahmad Shad, Faiz Ahmad Janjua, Muhammad Nawaz Janjua, Sultan Ahmad Janjua, Haji Hakeem Muhammad Shafi Janjua, Muhammad Arif Janjua, Javed Ahamd Janjua, Nabi Bakash Mahar, Muhammad Sadiq Dhothar, Faiz Ahmad Nambar Dar, Haji Ghulam Rasool Tarar, Gulla Nai, Ghulam Mustafa, Fazal Ellahi.
Jungle on river side.
A small jungle (Baila) on the bank of Chenab river / River Chenab touches the Qadirabad Headworks and beatifies the environment. The overall atmosphere is totally pollution free and the atmosphere remains very pleasant during summer but cool during winter. The small jungle remains full of pheasants, birds, monkeys and a few pigs. The small sized but very dangerous snakes are often seen at riverside.
Community Centre.
A graceful Community Centre (Daara) is available in west side of the village where wedding & death ceremonies and other gatherings are arranged. In todays world, neither the custom of singing songs, Heer, Tappay and Mahiayis is available nor the people bother to gather around the fire in winter nights.
References.
[http://www.pap.gov.pk/index.php/members/profile/en/19/582]
[http://ecp.gov.pk/GE2013.aspx]

</doc>
<doc id="36854000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854000" title="Isidro Ordóñez">
Isidro Ordóñez

Isidro Ordóñez was a Franciscan friar who seized control of New Mexico in 1613, imprisoning Governor Pedro de Peralta.
Later he was summoned to Mexico City and reprimanded for his actions by the Mexican Inquisition.
Early years.
Ordóñez was one of just ten friars who spent time in New Mexico between 1601 and 1610 during the regime of the first governor, Juan de Oñate.
In 1606 the king of Spain called a halt to further exploration in New Mexico.
Discouraged by the lack of support for his colony, on 24 August 1607 Juan de Oñate sent a letter of resignation to the viceroy Luis de Velasco, marqués de Salinas.
This was accepted, and Martínez de Montoya was named interim governor, but Oñate was ordered to remain until his permanent replacement arrived.
The local council felt Montoya was unsuitable, and named the governor's son Cristóbal de Oñate interim governor instead, 
a decision that Montoya seems to have accepted.
On 7 March 1608 Viceroy Velasco recommended discontinuing the work of the colony and bringing the few Indians who had been converted back to New Spain.
Oñate sent Fray Lázaro Ximénez back to Mexico City with Isidro Ordonez to explain the situation in the colony. Martínez de Montoya accompanied them, and would not return.
Fray Lázaro reached Mexico City in late October 1608, where he stated that as many os 7,000 Indians had been converted.
This prompted the Viceroy to appoint a new governor, Pedro de Peralta, and to dispatch a group of friars to New Mexico.
Ordóñez returned to New Mexico with this group led by Fray Alonso de Peinado, 
then in 1611 again returned to New Spain to obtain fresh supplies and more recruits.
Commissary of New Mexico.
Ordóñez arrived with the supply train in 1612 as the leader of nine Franciscan friars. When he reached the southernmost mission at Sandia Pueblo in August 1612, he produced a document that apparently made him Father Commissary, or head of the church in New Mexico, although later the document was said to be a forgery. 
Fray Alonso de Peinado accepted Ordóñez's commission.
In Santa Fe, despite Governor Pedro de Peralta's protests, Ordóñez proclaimed that any soldier or colonist could leave if they wanted to. Ordóñez also accused Peralta of underfeeding the natives who were working on the construction of Santa Fe. 
In 1613, Ordonez began construction of a church at Nambé Pueblo, about north of Santa Fe.
When Peralta sent soldiers to Nambe to collect the pueblo's quota of workers to help build the governor's palace, Ordonez refused to release any workers.
Another dispute arose in May 1613 when some soldiers who were going north to collect tribute from the Indians at Taos Pueblo met Ordóñez, who sent them back to Santa Fe to observe the Feast of Pentecost. The soldiers obeyed. On their return, the governor immediately dispatched them to Taos again, saying they could observe the feast at any of the missions on the route. As an agent of the inquisition, Ordóñez threatened to excommunicate the governor if he did not withdraw his order, the governor refused and was excommunicated.
There were further incidents, in which bystanders were torn between support for the two competing authorities,
before a fragile truce was negotiated and the excommunication withdrawn.
The truce was temporary.
In July 1613, Ordóñez said in his sermon following a perceived insult, 
When the governor refused to submit, despite this warning, Ordóñez accused him of being a heretic, a Lutheran and a Jew.
On 12 August 1613 Ordóñez and his followers arrested Peralta and had him chained and imprisoned in the mission of Neustra Senora de los Dolores (Our Lady of Sorrows) at Sandia. 
His jailer was Fray Esteban de Perea, who disapproved but obeyed.
Ordóñez assumed full civil as well as religious power in New Mexico until a new temporal governor, don Bernardino de Ceballos, arrived in New Mexico in the spring of 1614. 
Peralta was not allowed to leave until November 1614, after Ordóñez and the new governor had taken most of his possessions.
At first Ceballos tried to maintain friendly relations with the church, but within a year there were serious disputes with Ordóñez over the use and treatment of the Pueblo Indians.
At one point Ceballos was excommunicated and forced to do public penance.
Later events.
After hearing Peralta's version of the disputes, the Mexican Inquisition eventually ordered Ordóñez to return. 
Ordóñez finally left New Mexico with the returning supply train in the spring of 1617. 
When he arrived in Mexico City, the Inquisition reprimanded him. Peralta was vindicated.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36854006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854006" title="Kim Hyung-sung">
Kim Hyung-sung

Kim Hyung-sung (born 12 May 1980) is a South Korean professional golfer.
Kim has played on the Japan Golf Tour since 2009. He won his first tour event in 2012 at the Vana H Cup KBC Augusta.
Team appearances.
"this list may be incomplete"

</doc>
<doc id="36854015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854015" title="List of convertible tablet computer brands">
List of convertible tablet computer brands

Brands are ordered alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36854023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854023" title="Mobello Baba Keita">
Mobello Baba Keita

Mobello Baba Keita (born 15 November 1987) is a Senegalese footballer, who currently plays for Al-Arabi in the Qatar Stars League as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36854044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854044" title="2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Laser Radial">
2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships – Laser Radial

The Laser Radial class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 5 and 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36854046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854046" title="1985–86 Galatasaray S.K. season">
1985–86 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 1985–86 season was Galatasaray's 82nd in existence and the 28th consecutive season in the 1. Lig. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club have played in the season.
Türkiye Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Başbakanlık Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Friendly Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"

</doc>
<doc id="36854052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854052" title="Zach Mettenberger">
Zach Mettenberger

Zach Mettenberger (born July 16, 1991) is an American football quarterback for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League. He played college football at LSU.
Early years.
Mettenberger attended Oconee County High School in Watkinsville, Georgia. As a senior, he threw 2,106 yards passing with 19 touchdowns and six interceptions. He was ranked as the 11th best pro-style quarterback recruit in his class by Rivals.com.
College career.
Mettenberger originally attended the University of Georgia but was kicked off the team due to a violation of team rules. On April 30, 2010, Mettenberger pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor sexual battery charges stemming from an incident at a bar near Valdosta, Georgia. He transferred to Butler Community College, where he became the starter for the 2010 season. In his lone season at Butler, he threw for 2,678 yards passing yards with 32 touchdowns and four interceptions. He led Butler to an 11-1 record and the JUCO National Championship game. 
Prior to the 2011 season, Mettenberger transferred to Louisiana State University. In his first season at LSU, he completed eight of 11 passes for 92 yards and a touchdown in limited action. In 2012, he took over as the starting quarterback. He led the team to a 10-3 record, completing 58.8% of his passes for 2,609 yards, 12 touchdowns, and 7 interceptions. With the arrival of Cam Cameron as offensive coordinator in 2013, Mettenberger led LSU to a 9-3 regular season record, completing 64.9% of his passes for 3,082 yards, 22 TD's and 8 interceptions with a yards per pass attempt of 10.41 YPA and a QB Rating of 171.4. He is the only LSU quarterback to throw for 2,500 or more yards in back-to-back seasons and was a two-time team captain. Mettenberger tore his ACL in LSU's final regular season game. He underwent surgery and just 13 weeks later, he fully participated in LSU's Pro Day. He threw nearly 125 passes while wearing a helmet and shoulder pads and completed over 90% of his passes.
Professional career.
Mettenberger was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the 6th round (pick number 178 overall) of the 2014 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36854053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854053" title="Conestoga Mall">
Conestoga Mall

Conestoga Mall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36854062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36854062" title="Conestoga Mall (Grand Island, Nebraska)">
Conestoga Mall (Grand Island, Nebraska)

Conestoga Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Grand Island, Nebraska. It was opened in 1974 and is owned by J. Herzog & Sons, Inc.
History.
Ericson Development of Edina, Minnesota built the mall in 1974. At the time, it included Miller & Paine and Brandeis as its anchors. Later expansions brought Sears and J.C. Penney as anchors, as well as regional department store chain J.M. McDonald.
In 2003, J. Herzog & Sons bought the mall from the Richard E. Jacobs group, which put it up for sale in 1999.

</doc>
