<doc id="36751598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751598" title="Matty Blair">
Matty Blair

Matthew James "Matty" Blair (born 21 June 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town as a winger.
Blair started his career with Racing Club Warwick and after one season with the club signed for Stratford Town in 2008. He left for Bedworth United a year later, before going on to have spells with Redditch United and AFC Telford United in the Conference North. He joined Kidderminster Harriers of the Conference Premier in 2010 and after one season signed for York City. He scored in the 2012 FA Trophy Final and 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final at Wembley Stadium, and his winning goal in the latter saw York promoted to League Two. After one season with York in League Two, Blair signed for divisional rivals Fleetwood Town in 2013.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Warwick, Warwickshire, Blair started his career with Midland Football Combination Racing Club Warwick in the 2007–08 season. He signed for Stratford Town of the Midland Football Alliance on 7 July 2008. After signing, manager Micky Moore said of Blair: "He had an excellent season with Racing Club Warwick and I feel coming to Stratford and its environment will make him a better player". He finished the 2008–09 season with seven goals in 40 league appearances for Stratford.
Blair signed for Southern League Division One Midlands side Bedworth United on 3 June 2009. He scored four times for Bedworth in 16 appearances before signing for Conference North Redditch United on 25 November 2009. Having made 15 appearances and scored two goals for Redditch, Blair moved on again, signing for Conference North rivals AFC Telford United on 19 March 2010. He finished the 2009–10 season with one goal in seven appearances for AFC Telford.
Kidderminster Harriers.
Blair signed for Conference Premier club Kidderminster Harriers on non-contract terms on 9 August 2010 following a trial. He made his debut on 14 August 2010 as a 75th minute substitute in Kidderminster's 2010–11 opening day 2–1 victory away at York City. His first goal for the club came with the 75th minute winner in a 2–1 victory at home to Gateshead on 5 October 2010. In the following game, Blair scored twice as Kidderminster beat Grimsby Town 3–2 on 10 October 2010. Blair signed a contract until the end of the 2010–11 season on 18 October 2010. His first hat-trick for Kidderminster came after scoring all three of the side's goals in a 3–3 draw away at Grimsby on 9 April 2011, including an 83rd minute equaliser. He finished the season with 11 goals in 45 appearances for Kidderminster.
York City.
After turning down a new contract with Kidderminster, Blair signed for Conference Premier rivals York City on a two-year contract on 1 June 2011. A compensation package was agreed by the two clubs later that month. He made his debut in York's opening game of the 2011–12 season, a 2–1 victory away at Ebbsfleet United on 13 August 2011. His first goal came in the following game with York's final goal in a 3–1 victory at home to Barrow on 16 August 2011. Blair scored the equaliser to give York a 1–1 away at Luton Town in the FA Trophy semi-final second leg with a 90th minute header from a Jamal Fyfield cross; York progressed to the final with a 2–1 aggregate victory.
With a 111th minute header from a Jason Walker cross, Blair scored the winning goal for York away at Mansfield Town during extra time of their play-off semi-final second leg on 7 May 2012. He scored the opening goal for York in their 2–0 victory over Newport County in the 2012 FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium on 12 May 2012, after lifting the ball 20 yards into an empty net after goalkeeper Glyn Thompson had charged out of his goal. Eight days later, Blair scored the winning goal in York's 2–1 victory over Luton in the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final at Wembley, seeing York promoted to League Two after an eight-year absence from the Football League. He finished his first season at York as top scorer with 20 goals in 52 appearances, and was named in the 2011–12 Conference Premier Team of the Year alongside York teammate James Meredith.
Blair came on as a 78th minute substitute in York's 2012–13 opener away at League One Doncaster Rovers in the League Cup first round on 11 August 2012. He then entered York's first Football League fixture since their promotion, a 3–1 defeat at home to Wycombe Wanderers on 18 August 2012, as a 56th minute substitute. His first goal of the season came with the 80th minute winner in York's 1–0 victory away at Rotherham United in the Football League Trophy first round Northern section. However, he eventually signed for League Two rivals Fleetwood Town on a two-year contract on 13 May 2013.
Blair signed for fellow League Two club Northampton Town on a one-month loan on 10 January 2014. He made his debut the following day in a 2–0 home defeat to former club York, before scoring a 76th minute equaliser for Northampton in their 1–1 away draw with Cheltenham Town on 1 February 2014. Blair scored the only goal in the play-off semi-finals against his former club York, and started for Fleetwood in their 1–0 win over Burton Albion in the 2014 Football League Two play-off Final at Wembley on 26 May; He finished the 2013–14 season with 33 appearances and five goals for Fleetwood. His second and final cap came after starting England's 1–1 draw at home to Italy in the 2011–13 International Challenge Trophy on 28 February 2012.
Personal life.
Blair is the son of former player Andy Blair. His sister-in-law is actress Holly Matthews, who is married to his brother Ross.
Honours.
York City
Fleetwood Town
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="36751605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751605" title="Fort de Dave">
Fort de Dave

The Fort de Dave is one of nine forts built as part of the Fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur. Dave was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Namur in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany. It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces. The fort is now abandoned on state property.
Description.
The Fort de Dave is located about south of the center of Namur. The fort, one of the smaller Brialmont forts, is a triangle overlooking the Meuse. A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif, closely grouped in a solid mass of concrete. 
Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Namur), with lesser protection than the front and "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear. The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
The three forts on the right bank of the Meuse were linked by a military railway.
Armament.
Dave's guns included one twin 15cm turret, one single 21cm turret and two twin 12cm turrets, all for distant targets. Three 57mm turrets with another six 57mm guns in embrasures providing defense of the fort's ditches and postern. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with neighboring forts. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
World War I.
In 1914 the Fort de Dave was commanded by Captain-Commandant Manteau, with 269 artillerymen and 82 fortress troops. Dave was first attacked on 20 August, and resisted until the 25th, when it surrendered honorably.
Fortified Position of Namur.
Dave's armament was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the Fortified Position of Namur, which was planned to deter a German incursion over the nearby border. Protection was substantially increased and armament was modernized. This was accompanied by improvements to ventilation, protection, sanitary facilities, communications and electrical power. The area surrounding the fort was equipped with improved shelters for the interval troops, with two large shelters, called Relève and Troonois, nearby. The new air intake was camouflaged into the rocky bluff overlooking the Meuse, to the northwest. It also provided protected access to the Relève and Troonois blockhouses.
Weapons in 1940 included one twin 75mm turret, three single retracting 75mm turrets, two observation cloches and a twin machine gun cloche. T=The entrance was defended by two machine gun positions and a grenade launcher. The Abri de la Relève was defended by two machine guns and an observation cloche, and the Abri du Troonois had two machine guns and a 60mm anti-tank gun.
Second World War.
The Fort de Dave was commanded in 1940 by Captain-Commandant Noel. It was first attacked by invading German forces on 15 May, 1940 and surrendered honorably on 24 May, with one dead.
Present.
The Fort de Dave is not open to the public and remains state property. Most of the metal was salvaged from the site and was used for testing explosives. It was never repaired or rehabilitated after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36751614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751614" title="Overlake Hospital Medical Center">
Overlake Hospital Medical Center

Overlake Hospital Medical Center is a 347-bed non-profit community hospital located in Bellevue, Washington. The hospital opened in 1960, and operates a level III emergency room.
In the last year with available data, the hospital had about 53,572 emergency room visits, 20,562 in-patient visits, 7,073 in-patient surgeries, and 7,512 outpatient surgeries. The hospital is accredited by the joint commission. The hospital has a da Vinci surgerical robot that is used for surgical procedures.
History.
Overlake Hospital originally opened in 1960 at a cost of $1.2 million. The hospital opened a helicopter landing pad in 2009 to receive cardiac and stroke patients.

</doc>
<doc id="36751629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751629" title="Travelin' (album)">
Travelin' (album)

Travelin' is the eighth studio album by the pop rock band Tommy James and the Shondells released in 1970.
The album had two singles that charted. "She" went to #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1969. "Gotta Get Back to You" reached #45 on the chart in 1970. The album landed on the Billboard 200, reaching #91.
The album was the final album released by the band on Roulette Records.
Charts.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="36751646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751646" title="Leif Hansen">
Leif Hansen

Leif Hansen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36751649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751649" title="1970 Watkins Glen 6 Hours">
1970 Watkins Glen 6 Hours

The 1970 Watkins Glen 6 Hours was an endurance race held at the Watkins Glen Grand Prix Race Course, New York, United States on July 11, 1970. It was the ninth round of the 1970 World Sportscar Championship season.
Pre-race.
John Wyer's team had not won a race since Spa and they came off a disastrous attempt at winning Le Mans; losing all three of their cars in 10 hours and the race to their sister team, Porsche Salzburg. Mario Andretti returned to Ferrari to try to help the great marque repeat their triumph at Sebring less than 4 months previously. Ferrari were keen on doing this; a win here would be sufficient comeuppance for them after their humiliating Le Mans run; all four works cars had retired after 4 hours and 4 of 6 other privately entered 512's also retired.
This particular race was one of 4 timed races on the calendar; the others being at Daytona, Sebring, and Le Mans. It was the only 6 hour race on the calendar in 1970.
Qualifying once again went to a Porsche; the Jo Siffert/Brian Redman 917K managed to edge out the Andretti/Giunti Ferrari 512S and the Rodriguez/Kinnunen 917K by three tenths of a second.
This would be the last Watkins Glen 6 Hours race on the original circuit. The circuit was rebuilt for the next year; they used the short track (as the extension had not yet been finished) and the whole track in 1972.
Race.
At the start, Andretti took the lead from Siffert, but the Swiss driver took the lead back from Andretti on the third lap. He then lost the lead to Rodriguez. Later on in the race, Rodriguez attempted to switch off the 917K's headlights; but instead he switched off the fuel pumps, and the engine started to fail. Rodriguez was about to come into the pits, but then he realized what he had done, switched the pumps on, and then stormed through the field, made fastest lap and he & Kinnunen went on to win for the 4th time in the season. Wyer's team finished 1-2, and both cars finished on the same lap, with the works Ferrari of Andretti/Giunti completing the podium.

</doc>
<doc id="36751653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751653" title="Leon Williams">
Leon Williams

Leon Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36751662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751662" title="Heart of America (college rugby)">
Heart of America (college rugby)

The Heart of America Rugby Football Union is a college rugby conference playing in Division 1-AA, with members composed mostly of Big 12 and SEC schools (and many of these schools enjoying longstanding rivalries from the former Big Eight Conference). HOA organizes a league competition with the winner qualifying for the national playoffs, and every fall hosts a rugby sevens tournament with the winner qualifying for the national sevens championships.
Heart of America was a Division 2 conference until 2011, with Arkansas and Missouri ranked among the top teams in Division 2. In summer 2011, however, with the creation of the Premier College Division (Division 1-A), several conferences including HOA decided to move up to Division 1-AA.
The HOA conference is led by Conference Commissioner Miles Hunter of Oklahoma State.
Current members.
The current member schools (and the date they joined the conference) are:
Member notes:
Heart of America Sevens.
The HOA sevens tournament is played every fall among the eight members of the HOA conference and a limited number of additional Division 1 schools. The winner of the HOA sevens tournament qualifies for the annual USA Rugby sevens national championship.
The HOA sevens tournament is one of a number of college rugby tournaments that are tapping into the increased interest of rugby sevens while also targeting traditional collegiate conference rivalries. The HOA developed this competition due to the increasing popularity of rugby sevens throughout the United States, particularly since the 2009 announcement adding rugby sevens to the Summer Olympics, and in the wake of the success of the Collegiate Rugby Championship rugby sevens tournament broadcast live on NBC every year.

</doc>
<doc id="36751666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751666" title="Victor Poor">
Victor Poor

Victor "Vic" Poor (July 12, 1933 – August 17, 2012) was an engineer whose designs of hardware and software led to many innovations. At Computer Terminal Corporation (later renamed Datapoint Corporation), he co-created the architecture that was ultimately implemented in the first successful computer microprocessor, the Intel 8008. Subsequently, Computer Terminal Corporation created the first personal computer, the Datapoint 2200 programmable terminal.
Early life.
Victor Dale Poor was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Pinckney Peyton Poor and Leona Lucille Poor ("née" Mallory). With a passion for radio, he built his own transceiver from collected discarded pieces, and qualified on amateur radio in 1951 (callsign W6JSO).
After high school, Poor joined the United States Navy. While attending electronics training at the Treasure Island Naval Base in 1952, he met his wife, Florence, in a church in San Francisco. On completing his training the couple married in November 1952, and he was then assigned to Ford Island naval base, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Career.
On leaving the Navy in 1955, Poor joined the telecommunications technology team at Stromberg-Carlson in San Diego, California. Trained in computer programming, he wrote his first programme in 1956 for the UNIVAC 1103. Recruited by Raytheon, the couple then moved to Massachusetts. Although Poor did not attend college, he took electronics training classes both in the Navy and at Raytheon. A quick learner, he soon knew more than his instructors and began teaching classes himself.
Poor then moved to Maryland to help form radio and telegraph equipment manufacturer Frederick Electronics. Quickly made an executive, he developed the idea of adapting radioteletype (RTTY) machines to send data wirelessly. These were then sold to both the United States Army and later commercial media customers, such as the Associated Press, to send affiliated news reports as data around the world.
Computer engineering.
Poor continued his research and development, trying to develop a method for sending photographs and pictures wirelessly. In 1969 while working his notice period from Frederick Electronics, during the Thanksgiving holiday, Poor and fellow amateur radio colleague Harry Pyle produced the underlying architecture of the modern microprocessor on a living room floor. They then asked fellow radio amateur Jonathan Schmidt to write the accompanying communications software. Pitching the idea to both Texas Instruments and Intel, the partnership developed the Intel 8008, the forerunner of the microprocessor chips found in today's personal and computing devices.
In late 1969, Poor joined start-up computer company Computer Terminal Corporation as Technical Director in San Antonio, Texas. Founded by two former NASA engineers, Phil Ray and Gus Roche, they asked him to approach Intel to see how much of his design could fit onto a computer chip. Pitching a $100,000 proposal to place the architecture onto silicon and into production, the project became the Intel 8008 master chip, the world’s first 8-bit microprocessor. Poor and Pyle then developed the instruction set architecture which enabled Ray and Roche to design and develop the mass-produced programmable Datapoint 2200 computer terminal. As a result of the success of this product, the company changed its name to Datapoint. Datapoint remained one generation ahead of Intel until the Intel 80286.
Having helped to develop ARCNET, an early local area network, Poor stayed with Datapoint until 1984, after they had lost their technical microchip lead to IBM and been bought out by corporate raiders. He "retired" with his wife on the profits that he had made from the 15 year growth in Datapoint stock, deciding to go sailing. After sailing across the Atlantic Ocean, they spent the first summer in the Mediterranean on the Gulfstar yacht "Elsinore", named after the location of the castle in Shakespeare’s ""Hamlet"".
Amateur radio.
The challenges of communicating by radio while at sea (callsign W5SMM) led Poor to develop software that integrates Internet with amateur radio to store and forward messages; this system is today part of a major amateur-supported emergency communications network. While sailing, Poor wanted a better way to communicate with those around him. This led to him developing, in 1985, the original computer program, APlink (AMTOR-Packet Link). Then as part of a group of radio amateurs, acting as the architect Poor helped to developed what became Winlink. Both of these systems would automatically store and forward messages between amateur radio stations. With no one in the group able to take royalties due to the amateur radio regulations, the American Radio Relay League (ARRL) later adopted APlink for their National Traffic System (NTS) digital messages. The system was widely adopted by radio amateurs, the United States military, and state and local emergency preparedness teams. It was credited with being one of the few communications systems that worked in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
Retirement.
In 1994, Poor was recruited as the President of Airnet, a spinoff from Harris Corporation, based in Melbourne, Florida. Proposing to his wife that they would soon be home in San Antonio, at the end of his 2.5 year tenure they retired to Brevard County, Florida instead.
On December 8, 2004, Gardner Hendrie and Len Shustek of the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, recorded "The Oral History of Victor Poor." 
Poor's lifelong hobbies were operating amateur radio, flying airplanes, and sailing boats. Poor and his wife Florence loved to sail. Their earliest cruises were out of Corpus Christi, Texas, and included adventures to the Yucatán peninsula. In 1984, the couple sailed their 50-ft sloop "Elsinore" across the Atlantic Ocean and toured the western Mediterranean Sea; between 1988 and 1990, they lived aboard a 37-ft catamaran "Aransas Light" and explored the coastlines of the Gulf of Mexico, the Bahamas, and the eastern seaboard as far north as Chesapeake Bay; between 1990 and 1994 they moved to a Diesel-powered 50-ft trawler "Excalibur" to sightsee along the Inland Waterway between Seattle, Washington, and Skagway, Alaska.
In May 2012, Poor was diagnosed with Stage IV pancreatic cancer. On July 9, Poor was awarded the ARRL President's Award at the Platinum Coast Amateur Radio Society annual meeting, for a lifetime of achievements. There have been only a handful of recipients of this prestigious award.
Poor died early on the morning of August 17, 2012, at William Childs Hospice House in Palm Bay, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="36751669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751669" title="Liam Harrison">
Liam Harrison

Liam Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36751678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751678" title="Tony van Dorp">
Tony van Dorp

Anton Ludwig "Tony" van Dorp (25 May 1936 – 24 November 2010) was a Dutch-American water polo goalkeeper. He was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies, to Dutch parents and played in the Netherlands and for the Dutch national team until 1963. However, since 1957 he lived most of the time in the United States and had the US citizenship. Thus he competed in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics for the United States. He then played for the club Phillips 66, Long Beach, and became AAU All-American in 1964-68. In 1967, his team won the Pan American Games where he stopped 50% of penalty shots and was named the outstanding goalkeeper of the tournament. Beside water polo, he served for 21 years as an air traffic controller with the US Air Force in the US and Vietnam.
His younger brother, Fred van Dorp, was also a water polo player, who participated in the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics for the Netherlands, and played against his brother. One anecdote on this rivalry says that in the 1964 game, while Fred was preparing for a penalty shot, Tony thought that "Fred knows that I know that he always shoots to his right, so he will go to his left, and I’ll play it that way. But then I thought that he would also realize this and not shoot to his left, so I went to his right … and there was the ball.” 
Tony van Dorp died of cancer in 2010 and was survived by his three children, Fred, Helen, Kristie, and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="36751692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751692" title="Everything Goes (Canadian TV series)">
Everything Goes (Canadian TV series)

Everything Goes is a Canadian variety television series broadcast by Global Television Network in 1974.
Premise.
The series was hosted by American Norm Crosby and Canadians Mike Darow and Catherine McKinnon. Moe Koffman led a studio orchestra.
Guest entertainers during the series run included Canadian and international entertainers such as Tony Bennett, Burns and Schreiber, Rosemary Clooney, Ella Fitzgerald, Rich Little, Oscar Peterson, Martin Short and Grant Smith.
Production.
John Aylesworth and Frank Peppiatt ("Hee Haw") produced "Everything Goes". Series writers included Dan Aykroyd, Don Cullen, Ken Finkleman, Earl Pomerantz and Martin Short.
Scheduling.
The series was broadcast two times per weekday, at 4:00 p.m. and 10:45 p.m. It faced unexpected competition from "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" when the United States introduced daylight savings time in January 1974 due to the 1973 oil crisis. Carson's series was traditionally seen in Ontario at 11:30 p.m., but Canada remained at standard time which meant viewers in Global's viewing area were able to watch "The Tonight Show" at 10:30 p.m..
100 episodes of "Everything Goes" were produced at a cost of $1.5 million, providing much of Global's Canadian content requirements. After the series completed a 20-week run on 24 May 1974, the weekday evening time slot was replaced by the "Global News Hour" from 10:30 p.m. By that time, Global encountered financial difficulties which led to the cancellation of "Everything Goes" and many of its other series by that August.
Reception.
Toronto television ratings from BBM Canada indicated that the evening broadcasts of "Everything Goes" attracted a one to two percent audience share at the end of its first month. It competed against "The Merv Griffin Show" which attracted 7 to 10 percent of the ratings, while "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" received 20 to 25 percent of the audience. Afternoon rebroadcasts received one percent of the viewership as it competed with a 25 percent share for "The Mike Douglas Show".
Ray Bennett of the "Windsor Star" noted that the series was "effortlessly Canadian, not forced in the manner of so many CBC shows which come out with a maple leaf front and centre", although faulting it for one audience participation segment of "a mindless bit of business which is usually a written dramatic scene intended to be funny". Bennett further noted that the Burns and Schreiber guest performances involved "routines that would never see the light of day on U.S. networks."

</doc>
<doc id="36751702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751702" title="Liam Walsh">
Liam Walsh

Liam Walsh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36751710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751710" title="Hans Voigt">
Hans Voigt

Hans Voigt (21 February 1896 – 26 April 1969) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36751711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751711" title="Idaho State Highway 72">
Idaho State Highway 72

Idaho State Highway 72 (SH-72) is a state highway located entirely within Payette County, Idaho. The highway runs from U.S. Route 30 south of New Plymouth east to Idaho State Highway 52 in Hamilton Corner. SH-72 is maintained by the Idaho Transportation Department.
Route description.
SH-72 begins at a three-way intersection with US 30 south of New Plymouth. From here, the highway heads east through a rural area north of the Farmers Cooperative Canal. After an intersection with Blaine Road, the route continues east toward the community of Hamilton Corner. In Hamilton Corner, SH-72 terminates at a junction with SH-52, which continues eastward.

</doc>
<doc id="36751723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751723" title="Fragrant World">
Fragrant World

Fragrant World is the third studio album by American psychedelic pop band Yeasayer, released on August 21, 2012 on Secretly Canadian.
Critical reception.
The album has received a provisional score of 71 from Metacritic indicating "generally favourable reviews", based on the reviews of 44 critics.
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Fragrant World":

</doc>
<doc id="36751742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751742" title="Through the Dark">
Through the Dark

Through the Dark is a 1924 silent mystery drama produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed through Goldwyn Pictures. It is based on a short story "The Daughter of Mother McGinn" by Jack Boyle. It stars Colleen Moore and Forrest Stanley as the popular character Boston Blackie. The film is incomplete at the Library of Congress.
This film was banned by the British Board of Film Censors in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="36751749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751749" title="Liam Cary">
Liam Cary

Liam Cary (born August 21, 1947) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States. He has served as the sixth bishop of the Diocese of Baker in the state of Oregon since 2012.
Early life and education.
Liam Stephen Cary was born in Portland, Oregon. Three years later the family moved to Prineville, Oregon. He studied for the priesthood at Mount Angel Seminary near Mt. Angel, Oregon, St. Patrick's Seminary in Menlo Park, California, the Pontifical North American College and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he received a bachelor's and a licentiate in sacred theology. From 1970, he took a leave of absence from the Menlo Park seminary, eventually returning to his studies in 1988.
He was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of Portland in Oregon by Archbishop William Levada on September 5, 1992.
Priesthood.
After ordination Father Cary served as the parochial vicar at St. Joseph Parish in Salem, Oregon (1992–1995), archdiocesan vocation director (1995–1999) and pastor at Sacred Heart Parish Medford, Oregon, St. Luke's in Woodburn, Oregon (1999–2011) and St. Mary's Church in Eugene, Oregon (2011–2012).
Bishop of Baker.
Father Cary was named the bishop of Baker by Pope Benedict XVI on March 8, 2012. His episcopal ordination took place on May 18, 2012. Archbishop John George Vlazny of Portland in Oregon was the ordaining prelate. Bishops Robert F. Vasa, the previous bishop of Baker, and William Stephen Skylstad, who had served the Baker Diocese as Apostolic Administrator, were the co-consecrators.

</doc>
<doc id="36751756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751756" title="Hamilton Corner, Idaho">
Hamilton Corner, Idaho

Hamilton Corner is an unincorporated community in Payette County, Idaho, United States. Hamilton Corner is located at the junction of Idaho State Highway 52 and Idaho State Highway 72 east-southeast of New Plymouth.

</doc>
<doc id="36751786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751786" title="Joe Pearson (fighter)">
Joe Pearson (fighter)

Joe Pearson (born March 28, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist who has fought in PRIDE, WEC and Shooto. Throughout his career no fight went to decision, except for his first bout.
Biography.
Early MMA career.
Pearson started his MMA career at 2002, fighting for several organizations in the midwest of United States. He made a 7-1-1 record and then came to Japan to fight for Shooto against Hatsu Hioki. Pearson lost the bout via submission. After this, he had an unstable sequence of fights, until the second half of 2006 when he won six straight bouts and was called to fight for Pride.
Pride FC and WEC Featherweight Championship.
In Pride Bushido 13 he faced the Pancrase and DEEP veteran Yoshiro Maeda. He won the bout via submission in the very first round. In early 2007 he gained an opportunity to fight against the WEC Featherweight Champion Urijah Faber. However, he lost via submission in the first round.
MSMMA and CFC titles.
After his bout in WEC he came back to his home region and became the Mainstream MMA and CFC Champion. In 2008 he lost his Mainstream MMA Championship to Erik Koch.
Pearson was expected to face Jeff Curran on May 13, 2011 at XFO 39, but had to withdraw due to a car accident.
Pancrase.
Pearson faced 2009 Sengoku Featherweight Grand Prix Champion Masanori Kanehara on September 29, 2013 at Pancrase 252 in the Pancrase World Grand Slam opening round. He lost via knockout early in the first round.
Independent Circuit.
Pearson faced Brady Harrison at XFS - Unstoppable on February 8, 2014. He lost via first round TKO.

</doc>
<doc id="36751793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751793" title="Mesopteryx">
Mesopteryx

Mesopteryx may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36751800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751800" title="2012–13 GMHL season">
2012–13 GMHL season

The 2012–13 GMHL season was the 7th season of the Greater Metro Junior A Hockey League (GMHL). The fifteen teams of the GMHL played 42-game schedules.
Come February, the top teams of the league played down for the Russell Cup, emblematic of the grand championship of the GMHL. Since the GMHL is independent from Hockey Canada and the Canadian Junior Hockey League, this is where the GMHL's season ends.
The Bradford Rattlers would win their third regular season title with a perfect record of 42 wins and no losses. With a 14 win, 2 loss record, the Rattlers would also win their third Russell Cup as league playoff champions with a 4-games-to-2 victory over the Temiscaming Titans.
Final Standings.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime Losses; SL = Shootout Losses; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; PTS = Points; x = clinched playoff berth; y = clinched division title; z = clinched conference title"
"Teams listed on the official league website."
"Standings listed on official league website."
2012-13 Russell Cup Playoffs.
"Playoff results are listed on the official league website."
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; Mins = Minutes Played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime Losses; SL = Shootout Losses; GA = Goals Allowed; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="36751804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751804" title="2012–13 FA Youth Cup">
2012–13 FA Youth Cup

The 2012–13 FA Youth Cup was the 61st edition of the FA Youth Cup.
The competition consisted of several rounds and was preceded by a qualifying competition, starting with the preliminary round which is followed by 3 qualifying rounds for non-League teams. Football League teams enter the draw thereafter, with League One and League Two teams entered at the First round, and Premier League and Championship teams entered in the Third round.
Qualifying Rounds.
Preliminary Round.
† – After extra time
First Qualifying Round.
† – After extra time
Second Qualifying Round.
† – After extra time
Third Qualifying Round.
† – After extra time
First Round Proper.
† – After extra time
Second Round Proper.
† – After extra time
Third Round Proper.
† – After extra time
Fourth Round Proper.
† – After extra time
Fifth Round Proper.
† – After extra time
Quarter Finals.
† – After extra time

</doc>
<doc id="36751807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751807" title="Ratna Asmara">
Ratna Asmara

Ratna Asmara ( 1914 – before 1981) was an Indonesian actress and film director. Originally active in theatre, in 1940 she starred in "Kartinah", which her husband Andjar directed. After appearing in several further films, she made her directorial debut in 1950 with "Sedap Malam" ("Tuberose"), which made her the first female film director in Indonesian history. Although her work was generally ignored, later female Indonesian directors have found critical acclaim.
Early career.
Ratna was born in the Minangkabau Highlands of Sumatra 1914. This ethnic Sundanese actress had a sister, Suhara, who was married to the director Bachtiar Effendi.
Ratna and her husband Andjar joined the Dardanella touring troupe in the early 1930s; with the troupe she was known for the quality of her voice. In the late 1930s she joined Andjar with his Bollero troupe and became its star. She also acted for the Royal Balinese Dancers.
When Andjar was asked by The Teng Chun to direct a film for The's company Java Industrial Film (JIF), Ratna came with him. The couple earned 1,000 gulden each for their role in the resulting film, "Kartinah" (1940), Andjar as director and Ratna as its star. The film, a love story between the nurse Kartinah (played by Ratna) and her commander, was also the first war film in the country, taking place within the Air Raid Preparation teams ().
Ratna also appeared in Andjar's later directorial work, "Noesa Penida" (a love story set in Bali) and in "Ratna Moetoe Manikam", a story about a love triangle between two goddesses and a mortal man. During the National Revolution following Indonesia's independence, Ratna appeared in one further film: Andjar's "Djaoeh Dimata" ("Out of Sight").
Directing.
In 1950 Ratna was commissioned by Djamaluddin Malik to direct the film "Sedap Malam" ("Tuberose") for Malik's company Persari; Malik produced. Andjar wrote the screenplay. This made her the first female film director in the country. This was followed by two further films for the ethnic Chinese-owned Djakarta Film, both of which Andjar wrote: "Musim Bunga di Selabintana" ("Spring in Selabintana") in 1951 and "Dr Samsi" in 1952.
In 1953 Ratna established Ratna Films, which had a single production, "Nelajan" ("The Fishermen"), before being rebranded Asmara Films. This new company produced "Dewi dan Pemilihan Umum" ("Dewi and the Election") in 1954, with Ratna as director; this coincided with the first legislative elections in 1955. 
Ratna left Indonesia for Italy to study film in 1954. She had died by 1981.
Legacy.
After Ratna, only three female directors appeared in Indonesian cinema until near the end of the 20th century: Citra Dewi, Sofia W.D., and Ida Farida. These directors rarely, if ever, received the same recognition as their male counterparts; acting remained the only way for a woman in the industry to gain recognition. Indeed, during her directorial career Ratna received little support from male directors.
After the fall of Suharto in 1998, the number of women directors has increased dramatically, with several of them receiving national and international recognition. The earliest in this generation are Mira Lesmana and Nan Achnas, who collaborated with several other directors in "Kuldesak" (1999). Further examples include Nia Dinata, who has had two of her films, "Ca-bau-kan" (2002) and "Berbagi Suami" (2006) submitted for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film; Ucu Agustin has been described as "one of Indonesia’s top documentary filmmakers" and had her films screened internationally; while Djenar Maesa Ayu's "Mereka Bilang, Saya Monyet!" (2008) was on several lists of the best films of the year.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36751831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751831" title="Land Air Sea Warfare">
Land Air Sea Warfare

Land Air Sea Warfare (abbreviated as LASW) is a real-time strategy game developed by Isotope 244. It is the sequel to Machines at War and the predecessor of Machines at War 3. LASW was released in 2010 for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, iOS (iPhone/iPod Touch/iPad) and Windows Mobile. It features gameplay similar to other RTS titles like , Age of Empires, StarCraft, Warcraft, and Supreme Commander.
Gameplay.
While the gameplay is reminiscent of the seminal Command & Conquer series, it does not feature soldier units.
The game revolves around establishing a base and fortifying it against attacks from other factions, who are played by the computer, as well as executing invasions of the enemy bases. To build a base and open production of military units, constant mining of ore and production of energy are crucial. There are three kinds of offense unit types (ground, air and sea units) as well as defensive units to protect the base. Both are produced in specialized factories and can be deployed in groups. New technologies can be researched and in total, the tech tree contains over 100 structures and units to choose from. Among these are stealth aircraft and submarines for reconnaissance missions, aircraft to bombard enemy bases and helicopters for unit transports. In a game, literally thousands of units can be commanded simultaneously, resulting in epic battles. Specific tactics can be applied: land units can be hidden under trees for ambush attacks and tread marks left by enemy tanks can be scouted to their base. Unique mineral ores permit building of giant ""Mega units"" for more effective attacks. Each game is concluded by detailed statistics and graphs. The game expands "Machines at War" by sea units.
Climate types.
The climate of the region affects only the visual appearance of the map. It determines number and distribution of trees, water, ground, etc. on the map. There exist four different climatic settings: "Grassland", "Volcanic", "Tundra" and "Desert".
Landscape types.
The game uses a random map system with several types of terrain. The landscape type of the game map determines which bases and units can be built, which strategies may be applied and which kinds of mineral ore resource may be found, in turn determining which "Mega units" may be built later in the game. Ground based landscapes do not have the unique resources for naval "Mega units", and water based landscapes do not have the resources for land "Mega units".
There are eleven different landscape map types: "Mainland", "Oceanic"(the whole map is water, although air units can still be built), "Islands" (each player starts on an island), "Oasis", "Choke Point" (swamps in the center), "Center Point" (all resources in the middle), "Outlands" (resources in the corners), "Islets"(many small islands), "Swamp", "Continental" (large landmasses with rivers) and "Fortress" (a central island with all resources).
In total, there are six different kinds of resources: "Xephal", "Crom", "Isonium", "Betniah", "Rhoxia" and "Nuba".
Victory Conditions.
The game can be customized with different conditions of victory:
Units, buildings and technologies.
This section gives an overview of available unit types and their properties.
Engineering.
Most of these structures are destined for energy production, some are fortification structures and others for harvesting and storing ore.
Buildings.
The majority of these buildings are specialized military unit production facilities, others upgrade technologies, create protective shields or enhance/jam viewing range.
Offensive units.
Land units.
The six different land units are produced in the "Land Factory" production facility. These include two anti-air trucks (Humvee and Ram), a light tank (Challenger), a multi-role truck (Cougar), a mobile long range artillery (Archer) and a flamethrower armed truck (Viper).
Amphibious units.
The three different amphibious units can be produced in both the "Land Factory" and the "Sea Factory" and travel on land and sea. They include two attack hovercrafts (Samum and Spawn) as well as a repair hovercraft (Newt).
Air units.
The eight types of air units are produced in the "Air Factory" production facility. There are a fast recon fighter (Wasp), attack and transport helicopters (Apache and Crane), two attack fighters (Raptor and Osprey), two types of bombers (Valkyrie and Lancer) and a stealth fighter (Black Widow). As other offensive units, the air units vary in speed, attack strength and their capacity to attack Land, Air and Sea units.
Sea units.
There are in total seven different sea units which are produced in the "Sea Factory" production facility: an anti-air destroyer (Stingray), two assault boats (Lupis and Zumwalt), as well as four different submarines (Seawolf, Megalodon, Eel - with electric shock capabilities, and Abyss).
Technologies.
New Technologies can be researched in three distinct research facilities: 
Defensive units.
Defense units serve to defend the base. There are units against Land (defensive cannon M779, large long range artillery Bertha, land mine IMS), Air (floating missile launcher GAAM, turret AP250, floating turret Phalanx, anti-air S.A.M. launcher M300, floating flame launcher Kallini), Sea and Sub units (torpedo launcher Mavic, sea mine Zork). There are also two large defense installations (on land Merlon and in the sea Zenith) and an anti-I.C.B.M. Laser defense (Illuminati). Some of these weapons require advanced levels in the tech tree.
Mega Units.
The ""Mega units"" are gigantic weapons that allow for very effective attacks. However, they cost more than normal units, take more time to build, require development of the tech tree up to level 3 and specific unique mineral ores to be harvested in special mines.
Technics.
In game graphics are based on raster graphics (i.e., pixels). The game engine renders fog and water as strips instead of tiles which increases its rendering performance.
Reception.
The game has received positive reviews, notably from AppModo, Pocket Gamer, Touch Arcade, Phone Blog, Touch My Apps and iPhone Life Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="36751860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751860" title="Brandon Brooks (basketball)">
Brandon Brooks (basketball)

Brandon Brooks (born June 28, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League.
College.
A native of Irving, Texas, Brooks attended Euless Trinity High School in Euless, Texas prior to enrolling at North Lake College as a freshman in 2005. He played junior college basketball for two seasons. In his first year, he played a supporting role as North Lake won the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) Division III national championship. Although the team did not repeat as national champions in 2006–07, Brooks had a starting role as their point guard. He drew the attention of Alabama State University head coach Lewis Jackson, and after his junior college career ended Brooks headed to ASU to play for the Hornets.
In 2007–08, Brooks' junior year, he played in 31 games and averaged 9.5 points, 4.2 rebounds and 6.1 assists per game. On March 8, 2008, in a game against Jackson State, he recorded a school record 20 assists. This total is tied for the third-highest single game total in NCAA Division I men's basketball history. By winning the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC), they were able to participate in the 2008 NIT but would go on to lose in the first round. In his senior season in 2008–09, Brooks averaged 13.7 points, 4.2 rebounds and 6.2 assists per game. He was named the SWAC Player of the Year after guiding the Hornets to a berth in the 2009 NCAA Tournament. They participated in the "First Four" but lost their play-in game. Aside from being the conference player of the year, Brooks was also honored as an Associated Press honorable mention All-American.
Professional.
Brooks began his professional career after graduating from Alabama State in 2009. He spent his first season playing for Eisbären Bremerhaven in Germany's Basketball Bundesliga. He helped lead the team to the league's semifinals after playing in 44 games during the year, but he did not garner any personal accolades. Trying to get to the National Basketball Association (NBA), he then spent 2010–11 playing for the NBA Development League's Tulsa 66ers. The 66ers lost in the playoff semifinals as the Western Conference's fourth seed. After the year ended, Brooks headed back to Germany where he played for Phoenix Hagen. He signed with Israel's Hapoel Kfar-Saba for the 2012–13 season before being released in December 2012. On March 23, 2013, the Tulsa 66ers acquired him for his second stint in Tulsa.

</doc>
<doc id="36751867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751867" title="Dow's puffin">
Dow's puffin

Dow's puffin ("Fratercula dowi") is an extinct seabird in the auk family described in 2000 from subfossil remains found in the Channel Islands of California.
The remains include articulated skeletons and several thousand disarticulated bones. They were found in a Late Pleistocene eolianite horizon on the islands of San Nicolas and San Miguel. They date from between 12,000 and 100,000 BP and, as well as associated eggshells, include both adult and immature birds that apparently died in their burrows at their breeding colonies.
Description.
A relatively small puffin, Dow's puffin is intermediate regarding the extent of dorsoventral expansion of the rostrum and mandible, between living puffins of the genus "Fratercula", and the closely related rhinoceros auklet ("Cerorhinca monocerata"). Both the common name and the specific epithet honour Ronald J. Dow who provided assistance and logistical support for the paleontological work carried out on San Nicolas Island.

</doc>
<doc id="36751891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751891" title="Duffel Blog">
Duffel Blog

The Duffel Blog is an American military news satire organization featuring satirical articles reporting on US military news. It is often described as "the military version of "The Onion"." It was founded in March 2012 by Marine veteran Paul Szoldra, originally as a way to drive web traffic to his website CollegeVeteran.com. It eventually branched out and became its own entertainment website. The site enjoys a large following among civilians, veterans, and servicemen alike. The blog has more than 125,000 fans on Facebook and about 5,000 Twitter followers.
Among their spoof articles are one that suggested a speech by the Commanding General of Fort Benning resulted in a deadly riot, and another that said uncounted military absentee ballots would have resulted in Mitt Romney winning the 2012 US Presidential Election. In November 2012, the site launched an online petition to the White House to lift the services’ bans on hands in pockets. Yet another, about Guantanamo detainees getting GI Bill benefits, resulted in a formal inquiry by U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell. The website counts Marine General James Mattis, the subject of several DuffleBlog posts, as a fan.

</doc>
<doc id="36751929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751929" title="Santa Maria dell’Aiuto, Naples">
Santa Maria dell’Aiuto, Naples

Santa Maria dell’Aiuto or "Holy Mary of Succour" is a Baroque-style church, located at Vico S. Maria dell'Aiuto number 10 near the church of Santa Maria la Nova in Naples, Italy
Legend holds that the origins are of the church were in 1635, when two now anonymous children of the laborers of the quartiere, posted their juvenile image of the Madonna and child. Gaining donations, they commissioned the image now in the main altar. The devotion to this image of the Madonna rose during the plague year of 1656, and further donations allowed the church to be built. The designs of Dionisio Lazzari led to completion and consecration of the church in 1673. The miracles and intercessions by the Madonna are registered in a book kept in the parrochial archive, plus evident in the numerous votive marble plaques in the church.
The church facade has a tall narrow scroll decoration, the interior follows a Greek cross plan with a central dome. It has undergone various restorations; the most recent was in 1983, after the earthquake of 1980.
The church entrance has a number of works of art by the artist Gaspare Traversi, who is best known for his genre paintings. He painted a "Birth of Mary", an "Annuciation", and "Assumption of the Virgin". The painting of the "Archangel Saint Michael" is attributed to Giacinto Diano. The architect Lazzari designed the main altar, the interior balustrades, and the base of the funereal monument for Gennaro Acampora, rector of the church. The revered icon on the main altar is anonymous. The amphora of the prior monument and the flanking angels holding the candelabra were sculpted by Francesco Pagano. A painting of "The Virgin of Succour" is by Giuseppe Farina; while the "Flight of Joseph" is by Nicola Malincolico A later Neoclassic style monument from the early 20th century is the funereal monument for Francesco di Gennaro, rector of the church from 1889 to 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="36751933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751933" title="Stephen and Mary Bunnell House">
Stephen and Mary Bunnell House

The Stephen and Mary Bunnell House at 970 S. 800 West, on the Utah Valley State College campus, Orem, Utah was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
It was the farmhouse of a farm with an orchard; it is now within the college campus.

</doc>
<doc id="36751937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751937" title="Maxim Power">
Maxim Power

Maxim Power Corp. () is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and owns and operates generating facilities in Canada, United States and France. The company owns and operates 40 power plants (mostly coal or natural gas fired) with 788 MW of electric and 111 MW of thermal net generating capacity. During a period when coal plants are being phased out and over the objections of several environmental groups the company received permission in 2011 to construct a new 500-megawatt coal fired generating plant next to the existing H. R. Milner Generating Station also owned by Maxim.
The company's wholly owned subsidiary, Summit Coal has coal leases in the province of Alberta that are used to supply its generating facilities.
Generating facilities.
Maxim Generating stations are either owner directly by Maxim Power or through subsidiaries.
France.
In France the Maxim Energy operates through its subsidiary Comax France S.A.S.. Operations include 31 plants producing 189 MW of electric, several are co-generation facilities also providing thermal production.

</doc>
<doc id="36751947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751947" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle bantamweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle bantamweight

The men's freestyle bantamweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event. Bantamweight was the lightest category, including wrestlers weighing up to 56 kilograms.
Kaarlo Mäkinen, the silver medalist at the previous Games, won the event.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski

</doc>
<doc id="36751951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36751951" title="Joanne Pence">
Joanne Pence

Joanne Pence is the author of a long running and successful romantic culinary mystery series. Fourteen books were published 1993 to 2006.
Her amateur sleuth Angie Amalfi is an underemployed food writer and gourmet chef in San Francisco, romantically involved with homicide inspector Paava Smith. As well as fitting in the culinary mystery niche, her books are followed by romance novelist enthusiasts and also have a humorous, screwball adventure flavor.
Joanne Pence was born Joanne Lopez in San Francisco. She attended UC Berkeley and worked 1970-1998 as an operations analysis manager in the Social Security administration. She is married to David Pence and has two children.
She is a member of Sisters in Crime, Novelists, Inc, and Romance Writers of America.

</doc>
<doc id="36752000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752000" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle featherweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle featherweight

The men's freestyle featherweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event. Featherweight was the second-lightest category, including wrestlers weighing up to 61 kilograms.
Kustaa Pihlajamäki, who had won gold in the lighter bantamweight class in 1924, took silver.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
Bronze medal round.
Rottenfluc was injured and did not compete.

</doc>
<doc id="36752001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752001" title="Bibliography of New Zealand history">
Bibliography of New Zealand history

This is a bibliography of New Zealand history.

</doc>
<doc id="36752017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752017" title="Nick Jonas discography">
Nick Jonas discography

The discography of Nick Jonas consists of one studio albums, five singles, five soundtracks and eleven music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="36752024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752024" title="Oswald Snowball">
Oswald Snowball

Oswald Robinson Snowball (18 July 1859 – 16 March 1928) was an English-born Australian politician.
Snowball was born in Wolsingham, England, and arrived in Australia in 1868 where his family spent three years on the land. He studied at Carlton College and the University of Melbourne where he qualified as a solicitor and was admitted to practice in 1883. He was a partner in the firms Briggs & Snowball and later Snowball & Kaufmann.
Snowball was elected to the Victorian parliament representing the Commonwealth Liberal Party in the seat of Brighton in a by-election on 8 October 1909. He served on various royal commissions, until he was voted Speaker of the Victorian Legislative Assembly at the commencement of the 29th Parliament on 6 July 1927.
Snowball died in office on 16 March the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="36752057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752057" title="Ulvi Rajab">
Ulvi Rajab

Ulvi Rajab (; 1903, Janivri, near Batumi – 2 January 1938, Baku) was an Azerbaijani stage actor.
Life and career.
He was born Ulvi Shashikadze () in the village of Janivri (presently in Adjara, Georgia) to a Muslim Georgian family. His stage name Rajab derived from his father's first name. He lost his father at an early age. He received primary education in Istanbul where he went with his aunt, but dropped out following the beginning of World War I and began making a living. In 1918, he returned to Batumi where he attended the play "Othello" staged by an Azeri theatre troupe led by Huseyn Arablinski at the local Actors' Society. He decided to join the troupe but appeared in minor roles until 1922, when he replaced an absent actor as Soltan bey in "The Cloth Peddler" and was recognized for his talent. Following the political turmoil of the early 1920s, Rajab began working as an actor at the Azeri State Drama Theatre in Tiflis, Georgia. In 1925, the theatre's stage director Alexander Tuganov was invited to work for the Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre in Baku, Azerbaijan. Tuganov accepted the invitation and offered the young and promising Rajab a position in the theatre. Rajab worked at the Drama Theatre in Baku as an actor for the rest of his life. In 1933, he was awarded the title of Honorary Artist of Azerbaijan. Critics described Rajab's performances as one where "realistic depth is combined with romantic emotion".
Rajab's repertoire consisted of roles in various genres, including heroic (Siyavush in "Siyavush" by Huseyn Javid, Mikhail Yarovoy in "Enemies" by Konstantin Trenyov, etc.), tragic (Hamlet in "Hamlet" and Othello in "Othello" by William Shakespeare, Elkhan in "The Fire Bride" by Jafar Jabbarly, etc.), romantic (Romeo in "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare and Sheikh Sanan in Sheikh Sanan by Uzeyir Hajibeyov), and dramatic (Borodin in "Fear" by Alexander Afinogenov, Satin in "The Lower Depths" by Maxim Gorky, etc.)
In 1937, in the midst of Great purge in the Soviet Union he was arrested, charged with "counter-revolutionary activity". Reportedly the accusation stemmed from Rajab owning a collection of records of Turkish folk music. He was found guilty by the Military Board of the Supreme Court of the Soviet Union and executed by firing squad on 2 January 1938. On 7 December 1955, the sentence was revoked and Rajab was posthumously exonerated.
His nephew Nodar Shashigoglu was an acclaimed Azerbaijani actor.

</doc>
<doc id="36752062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752062" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle lightweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle lightweight

The men's freestyle lightweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event. Lightweight was the third-lightest category, including wrestlers weighing up to 65 kilograms.
Eino Leino won his third Olympic medal, a bronze to go with his 1920 middleweight gold and 1924 welterweight silver.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski

</doc>
<doc id="36752069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752069" title="Ditropichthys storeri">
Ditropichthys storeri

Ditropichthys storeri is a species of flabby whalefish found in the deep oceans at depths of from . This species grows to a length of SL.

</doc>
<doc id="36752101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752101" title="Clear Creek Dam (Washington)">
Clear Creek Dam (Washington)

Clear Creek Dam (National ID # WA00264) is a dam in Yakima County, Washington.
The concrete thin-arch dam was originally completed in 1915 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation at a height of 62 feet and 404 feet long at its crest. Raised another 21 feet in 1918 to its present height of 83 feet, it was partially rebuilt in 1964 then found structurally unsafe in 1990, when it was drained to less than 5% of its design capacity. The dam was reconstructed (with a new reinforcing gravity-dam element buttressing the original thin-arch structure) and refilled by popular demand.
The dam impounds the North Fork of the Tieton River, part of the Bureau's larger Yakima Project. Its use is now primarily recreational. Both dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the Bureau.
The reservoir it creates, Clear Lake, has a water surface of 260 acres and a capacity of 5300 acre-feet. Recreation includes boating and fishing, and the site is surrounded by the southern tip of the Wenatchee National Forest. Also the YMCA of Yakima, Washington has Camp Dudley along its shores, a summer camp and retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="36752102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752102" title="Paint Creek (Washtenaw County, Michigan)">
Paint Creek (Washtenaw County, Michigan)

Paint Creek is a stream located in the counties of Washtenaw and Monroe in Southeastern Michigan. It is a tributary of Stony Creek(Not to be confused with another stream known as Stony Creek which runs through Stony Creek Metropark).
Paint Creek consists of an upper portion known as "Upper Paint Creek", an inline detention pond, and a lower portion which discharges the detention pond and flows into Stony Creek.
There are two other streams known as Paint Creek in Michigan, Paint Creek in Oakland County and Paint Creek in Iron County in the Upper Peninsula.
Course.
Paint Creek originates in a small marsh south of Ellsworth Road in Pittsfield Township. It runs parallel to Ellsworth Road going east, turns north and enters a culvert under Ellsworth Road, exiting the culvert into Montibeller Park. From Montibeller Park, it enters a culvert near the intersection of Cole Boulevard and Hillside Drive, and exits the culvert east of the intersection of Golfside Road and Packard Street, entering a golfcourse where it's channel has been artificially widened into a pond. After exiting this pond the creek enters another culvert in the northeast corner of the golfcourse, flowing east along Packard Street, turning south along Hewitt Road, turns back East to flow roughly parallel to Valley Drive, before turning south to Congress Road east of Hewitt Road, where it exits the second culvert. Paint Creek continues roughly south parallel to Stevens Drive, then turning southeast to go under Michigan Avenue north east of Michigan Avenue's intersection with Ellsworth Road. Paint Creek continues southeast crossing under I-94 after which it roughly follows Huron Street south, turning southeast under Stony Creek Road toward Whittaker Road, which it follows west of. Near the intersecton of Whittaker Road and Merrit Road Paint Creek turns east crossing under Whittaker, before continuing following Whittaker before turning more southeast and crossing under Martz Road, after which it turns dead south following Turtle Hill Road, all the way to it's mouth where it discharges into Stony Creek.
Cities and townships.
Paint Creek flows through the following areas, in order of progression downstream:
Water Quality.
From its origins, Paint Creek is either utilized as a storm drain itself or is a discharge point for other storm drains. Many portions of Paint Creek are channelized, have had riparian vegetation removed, and/or have been diverted into underground culverts. The poor management of this stream is evident by characteristics such as frequent flash floods, high turbidity, abundant litter, and severe stream side erosion.

</doc>
<doc id="36752103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752103" title="Torranee Ni Nee Krai Krong">
Torranee Ni Nee Krai Krong

Torranee Ni Nee Krai Krong (; ) is a 2012 Thai television drama. that is aired on Channel 3 (Thailand). It starred Nadech Kugimiya and Urassaya Sperbund 
Plot.
"Athit and Darunee" is representative of the new inherited burden from "Grandma Daeng" your grandmother. The women use both strength and tender Sowing crops grow beautiful tree species and can grow embrace all life on Earth, but until that date. Barriers and problems that occur between the many our real life: everyone with all the fun. happy sweet discouraged and sometimes with tears, but finally, with success, Them surely is the best reward people with intention.

</doc>
<doc id="36752122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752122" title="Gregory Parkes">
Gregory Parkes

Gregory Parkes (born April 2, 1964) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States. He has served as the fifth bishop of the Diocese of Pensacola-Tallahassee in the state of Florida since 2012.
Early life and education.
Gregory Lawrence Parkes was born in Mineola, New York. He earned a bachelor's degree in finance from Florida State University. He studied for the priesthood at St. Vincent de Paul Regional Seminary in Boynton Beach, Florida, the Pontifical North American College and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he received a bachelor's degree in theology and a licentiate in canon law. Parkes was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Orlando by Bishop Norbert Dorsey, CP on June 26, 1999.
Priesthood.
After ordination Father Parkes served as the parochial vicar of Holy Family Parish in Orlando, Florida (1999–2005) and he was the founding pastor of Corpus Christi Parish in Celebration, Florida from 2005–2012. He was also the chancellor of the Orlando diocese from 2005–2012 and its vicar general from 2009–2012.
Bishop of Pensacola-Tallahassee.
Father Parkes was named the bishop of Pensacola-Tallahassee by Pope Benedict XVI on March 20, 2012. His episcopal ordination took place on June 5, 2012 at St. Paul's Church in Pensacola. Archbishop Thomas Gerard Wenski of the Archdiocese of Miami was the ordaining prelate. Bishops John Gerard Noonan of Orlando and Felipe de Jesús Estévez of St. Augustine were the co-consecrators. He is the tallest Bishop presently in the U.S. at 6'8".

</doc>
<doc id="36752135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752135" title="Eutaeniophorus festivus">
Eutaeniophorus festivus

Eutaeniophorus festivus, Festive ribbonfish, is a species of flabby whalefish found at depths of from in the oceans. This species grows to a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="36752137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752137" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle welterweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle welterweight

The men's freestyle welterweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event. Welterweight was the median category, including wrestlers weighing up to 72 kilograms.
Arvo Haavisto, a 1924 bronze medalist in the lightweight category, won the tournament.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski

</doc>
<doc id="36752141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752141" title="List of Mobile Fighter G Gundam episodes">
List of Mobile Fighter G Gundam episodes

This is a list of episodes from the anime series Mobile Fighter G Gundam. The series originally aired on TV Asahi in Japan from April 1, 1994 to March 23, 1995, and later aired on Cartoon Network in the United States from August 5 to October 16, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36752146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752146" title="2012 Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix">
2012 Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2012 Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix (formally the 2012 Red Bull Indianapolis Grand Prix) was the eleventh round of the 2012 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It was held on 19 August 2012 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis, Indiana.
After being absent from the United States Grand Prix at Laguna Seca, the Moto2 and Moto3 classes returned to competition at Indianapolis.
Classification.
Moto2.
"NOTE: Because of a decision on November 28, 2013, by the World Anti-Doping Agency in regards to a positive drug test by #95, Anthony West of the Speed Up team at the 2012 Monster Energy French Grand Prix, for Methylhexaneamine, race records were revised. The FIM suspended West one month, served at the end of 2012, but WADA in 2013 retroactively increased the suspension to 18 months, stripping him of all records for the time being, and the FIM revised points reflecting the changes."

</doc>
<doc id="36752149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752149" title="De Keyser">
De Keyser

De Keyser, DeKeyser or Dekeyser is a Dutch surname mostly found in Flanders. It translates to "the emperor". People with this name include:
Concatenated:

</doc>
<doc id="36752160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752160" title="Magdalena (TV series)">
Magdalena (TV series)

Magdalena: Anghel sa Putikan "(Sinful Angel)" is a Filipino drama series created by RJ Nuevas and developed by Agnes Gagelonia-Uligan, directed by Gina Alajar and produced by GMA Network. It banners Bela Padilla in the title role, with Dion Ignacio as her leading man, Ryan Eigenmann and Pauleen Luna as the main antagonists. The series premiered on October 8, 2012 on GMA Afternoon Prime block replacing Faithfully and October 10, 2012 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV.
The series is also part of the networks set of shows for the last quarter of 2012, along with "Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga" and "Yesterday's Bride".
Based on Nuevas' comics novel (published in Filipino Komiks), "Kukulayan Ko Ang Langit", the series follows the ill-fated life story of Lena, a provincial lass who has been conned by a rich-looking Manila boy into joining him to the city of her mother’s fantasy. She sets foot on the big, bad city and is quickly transformed into prostitute.
The series ended on January 18, 2013. It ran for 15 weeks with a total of 75 episodes to be replacing by "Forever" on January 21, 2013.
Production.
Development.
Originally created by the network's resident writer and creative consultant, RJ Nuevas, the series is actually based on Filipino Komiks graphic novel, "Kukulayan Ko Ang Langit" (lit. I Will Paint the Heaven), which also penned by Nuevas. The show began developing early 2012 as part of network's offering for the last quarter of the year. Nuevas said that the network’s executives want him to create a more realistic, more mature drama. Then he thought of his old komiks creation, "Kukulayan Ko Ang Langit", which is about a naive provincial girl forced by circumstances to become an escort girl. Nuevas doesn't look at this story as merely sexy drama but more of a display of how a woman will face life's challenging situations and fight for her right. This series is somewhat an advocacy against human trafficking and promotion of women empowerment. "Admit it or not, this is what real life is all about. It really happens. Compared to some drama series, this one is shockingly realistic," he added.
Casting.
Actress Bela Padilla was chosen to play the title role in "Magdalena: Anghel sa Putikan". She sees the role she plays as a strong woman versus just another vixen. "Magdalena is a real person. The protagonist-antagonist type just like many people, whether they admit it or not. This is the reason why I didn't peg my characterization on anyone. I want understanding and execution of my portrayal to come from within. I want to do something that feels natural for me," she added. The role challenged her ability to act as natural as she can be. Most of the scenes in the show’s pilot week will see her crying buckets. "I am challenged, starting with the first two weeks (of our taping). My character is too weak and so naive. I'm like that in real life because I trust everyone too much. Sometimes when I cry, it feels like it hits me," Padilla says.
The producer hired actress and television director, Gina Alajar to handle the series. Padilla feels so lucky that her director in the series is Alajar. "She really guides me and challenges me to give my best in every scene," she says. "It feels like, she's giving me a personal acting workshop to make sure that my performance will be superb," she added. Prior to this project, Alajar and Padilla have worked as co-stars in hit afternoon drama, "Hiram na Puso".
Actors, Dion Ignacio, Ryan Eigenmann and Pancho Magno portrayed Padilla's romantic interests in the series. Ignacio played Abel. "This is my biggest role ever. I have a lot of scenes, most of them dramatic, plus I am playing a matured role," he says. Adding to the pressure is that this is his first acting assignment under Gina Alajar. "She's very strict when it comes to acting. She wants to feel your acting or else she’d ask you to repeat the scene over and over again until she gets what she wants from you," he added. Both Ignacio and Padilla had a three-day workshop with the director, included a "sensuality workshop", because their roles require bed scenes and kissing scenes. "We should be at ease with each other that’s why Direk Gina asked us to undergo the sensuality workshop," relates Ignacio.
On the other hand, series' director, Alajar is pleased to work with her son Ryan Eigenmann who played the main antagonist, Baron. "This is not the first time I am directing my son. I've directed him in "Kirara, Ano Ang Kulay ng Pag-ibig?" before. He was still a newbie in acting then. We also worked in an "Eat Bulaga" drama special for Holy Week," she recalled. When it comes to Eigenmann's evolution as an actor, Alajar said that: "Ryan is one person who consults me whenever he has a new project. He would ask for advice. Before we started taping, after he had read the script, we already discussed how I wanted to treat his role. I also asked him his thought regarding the role that he is playing. On our first taping day, I was surprised because he had a lot of nuances with regards to his role. So I would say his evolution as an actor was very good," she says.
Pauleen Luna portrayed the series' main female antagonist, Carol. Luna admits she wants to rest from playing villain roles but she accepted doing the show as it’ll give her the chance to work with Alajar as director. "I know I'll learn a lot from her," she says. Also, Luna stated that her role here is quite different from all her anti-hero roles she done in her past television series."I usually played as wealthy contravida in my previous series. Here, I played a poor and very ambitious villain," she added.
Filming.
The series' plug/teaser was filmed in a studio at GMA Network Center, in Quezon City. The said plug is actually an omnibus promotional teaser for the network’s offerings for the last quarter of the year. The filming for the series began on September 18, 2012. Filming locations were chosen by the production designer, Fedeo Tagayon. The fictional provincial town where the main characters live and where the story started, was shot on location in Tanay, Rizal. After two weeks, the production moved to Metro Manila. Leilani Feliciano-Sandoval, the show’s executive producer, said that most of the scenes taking place in urban backdrops were mostly filmed in Makati City, making over 90% of the series there.
Theme Song.
Ikaw ang Pag-ibig Ko is the theme song of "Magdalena: Anghel sa Putikan". It is written and composed by Ogie Alcasid and originally used as theme song of Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang sung by La Diva in 2009. After three years, the song was sung by Kyla and used as the theme song of this drama series.

</doc>
<doc id="36752183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752183" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle middleweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle middleweight

The men's freestyle middleweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event. Middleweight was the third-heaviest category, including wrestlers weighing up to 79 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski

</doc>
<doc id="36752193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752193" title="Shin Ik-hee">
Shin Ik-hee

Shin Ik-hee (Korean:신익희, hanja:申翼熙) (June 9, 1892 - May 5, 1956) was a Korean Resistance activist and South Korean politician. A first term Speaker of the First Republic (4 August 1948 and 30 May 1950) and leader of Second term of the First Republic in 19 June 1950 and 30 May 1954. His nickname was Haegong(해공, 海公), Haehoo(해후, 海候) also courtesy name was Yeogu(여구, 如耉).
Life.
Shin Ik-hee was a descendant of Shin Rip and Shin Kyung-hee, Shin Saimdang. He was born in Samaru country in Gwangju, Gyeonggi Province. He became an orphan and his second elder half-brother Shin Kyu-hee nurtured him. In his early years, he studied abroad in Japan.
In 1918, he was exiled to Shanghai in China, in April 1919.
Politician.
He was involved in the creation of the Provisional National Assembly of Koreas. He was elected as a Congressman of the Provisional National Assembly of Korea. On April 23, he was appointed to Vice minister of Foreign Affairs of Provisional Government of Korea.
On August 1919, Shin became vice Minister of Justice and in September, he was appointed as Justice Minister and in September 1920, Minister of Foreign Affairs. In 1930s he became an English professor at a Chinese University.
In May 1940 he was appointed to Provisional Government of Korea, and in 1944 he was reappointed to Interior Minister to the Provisional Government.
In May 1948 he was elected Congressman of National Assembly of Korea. On August 4, 1948 he was 2nd term head of First Republic and 19 June 1950, he again was Speaker until 30 May 1954.
In 1955 he was involved with the founding of the Democratic Party and elected as its fourth leader. In 1956 he ran for president, but died of heart failure and overwork at age 64.

</doc>
<doc id="36752194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752194" title="Chinese braille">
Chinese braille

Chinese braille may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36752211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752211" title="Radovan Krstović">
Radovan Krstović

Radovan Krstović (; born September 17, 1963) is a retired Serbian footballer.
Biography.
He started his career out in his hometown club Radnički Nova Pazova after which he proceeded to play for Srem from Sremska Mitrovica.

</doc>
<doc id="36752218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752218" title="Eisai Mia Thiella">
Eisai Mia Thiella

Eisai Mia Thiella (Greek: "Είσαι μια θύελλα"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in December, 1989 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 40,000 units.
This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in the 1990s. On October 1, 2002 was re-issued on a CD compilation album, together with the 1988 album "Tolmo" by Capitol Records/Minos EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36752219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752219" title="Two-Cell Chinese Braille">
Two-Cell Chinese Braille

Two-Cell Chinese Braille was designed in the 1970s and is used in parallel with Traditional Chinese Braille in Mainland China.
Each syllable is rendered with two braille characters. The first combines the initial and medial; the second the rime and tone. The base letters represent the initial and rime; these are modified with diacritics for the medial and tone. Thus each of the braille cells has aspects of an abugida.
Braille charts.
Onsets.
The first cell indicates the initial, generally in dots 1 to 4, and the medial in dots 5 and 6. This design exploits restrictions on co-occurrence of initials and medials to fit all the allowable combinations in a single cell. 
The medial "-i-" is represented by dot 5 (), the medial "-u-" by dot 6 (), and the medial "-ü-" by both dots 5 and 6 (). The "z c s" series is derived from "zh ch sh" as if they contained a "-i-" medial; these two series are not distinguished in many Mandarin dialects. 
A null/zero initial (a vowel-initial syllable) is indicated with the null consonant .
At least one letter in each place of articulation comes from international use ( "f", "ti", "l", "k", "xi", "zh"), with at least some of the others derived from these (cf. "k h g" and "ch sh zh").
Rimes.
The second cell represents the rime, generally in the top half of the cell, and the tone, generally in dots 3 and 6. 
Tone 1 (mā) is indicated by dot 3 (), tone 2 (má) by dot 6 (), and tone 3 (mǎ) by dots 3 and 6 (). (In rime "-ei", which already contains a dot 3, the dot 3 for tones 1 and 3 is replaced by dot 5 ( or ).) Tone 4 (mà) and neutral/toneless syllables use the basic rime.
A null/zero rime (a syllable ending with medial "i u ü") is written with .
The rime "er" is written as if it were *"ra"; this is possible because *"ra" is not a possible syllable in Mandarin.
At the end of a word, "-r" is "erhua", as in "huār" (花儿). Within a word, hyphenate "erhua" () to avoid confusion with an initial "r-" in the following syllable.
The exclamation "ê" is , "yo" is , and "o" is , with appropriate modification for tone.
Combining onset and rime.
Combinations of onset and rime follow the conventions of zhuyin, and are therefore not obvious from pinyin transcription. 
Several syllables are palindromes, with the onset and rime written the same: 
A toneless or 4th-tone zero rime is omitted at the end of a polysyllabic word. (Words ending in "rì" (日) 'day' are an exception, to prevent confusion with the "erhua" suffix.) When context makes it unambiguous, the zero rime in other tones may also be omitted. 
Sandhi is not rendered; rather, the inherent tone of a morpheme is written. 
The following are rendered as toneless syllables: 
Homophones.
Some common homophones are distinguished by prefixing with a dot 4 or 5 , or by dropping the rime:
The three grammatical uses of non-tonic "de" are irregular:
Often printed Chinese can be contracted, compared to speech, as unambiguous where a phonetic rendition such as braille would be ambiguous; in such cases, the sign may be used to indicate the omitted syllables. For example, in the clause 露从今夜白 "Lù cóng jīnyè bái", 露 "lù" means 'dew' (colloquial 露水 "lùshuǐ"). However, there are several other words transcribed "lù" in braille. To clarify, the –水 element of the colloquial word can be added with the prefix:
In other cases a synonym may be provided; here the prefix is . For example, in print the meaning of
is clear, but in a phonetic script 猿 "yuán" 'monkey' and 啼 "tí" 'cry' can be obscure. The first can be clarified as 猿猴 "yuánhóu" 'primate' and the second with the parenthetical 叫 "jiào" 'call': 
When longer parenthetical explanations are provided, the sign is repeated before each word.
Numbers.
Numbers are the same as in other braille alphabets. Use the number sign followed by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0.
Notes are indicated as , , etc., sections as etc.
Punctuation.
Chinese braille punctuation is based on that of French Braille, but they are generally split between two cells. This gives them the 'full-width' feel of print Chinese, as well as avoiding confusion with letters.

</doc>
<doc id="36752223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752223" title="Shadehill Dam">
Shadehill Dam

Shadehill Dam is a dam (constructed 1951) on the Grand River in Perkins County in northwestern South Dakota in the United States, about south of Lemmon. The dam and its impoundment, Shadehill Reservoir, serve mainly for flood and silt control, wildlife conservation and recreation. Located directly below the confluence of the North and South Forks of the Grand River, the dam is operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, and is part of the Shadehill Unit of the Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program.
The dam is an embankment structure high and long, with an elevation of at the crest. A catchment area of lies above the dam site. At full pool, the reservoir has a capacity of , with a surface area of . Normal conservation water levels are much lower, at . Regular water discharges pass through an outlet works with a capacity of , while flood flows are released through two spillways: a morning glory inlet with a capacity of , and an emergency overflow channel that can pass up to .
Shadehill Dam was originally intended to serve irrigation purposes as well, but after determining that the water in the reservoir was too saline the Bureau of Reclamation dropped this phase from the project.

</doc>
<doc id="36752235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752235" title="VBlock">
VBlock

Vblock is the brand name VCE uses for racks containing the components of its data center products. Prepackaging, called converged infrastructure, allows customers to select preconfigured and integrated solutions, with predictable units of power, weight, cooling, and geometry for data center planning purposes.
History and Models.
Vblock had two series based on the following compositional elements:
Vblock brand naming changed since its inception. In 2009, the term Vblock Infrastructure Packages was announced by then Acadia (technical partnership), the Virtual Computing Environment coalition, as well as their primary investors. In late 2010 and continuing through 2011, the term "Packages" was replaced with "Platforms". By mid-2012, the term, "Infrastructure Platforms" was replaced with "Systems" in wider circulation to arrive at, simply, "Vblock™ Systems". Meanwhile, constituent elements and technology included upgrades to the product lines from Cisco, EMC, and VMware.
Infrastructure Packages.
Originally, these combined a reference architecture with a physical and logical configuration step initially at a customer data center or colocation data center and later within a pre-manufacturing environment for shipment to a customer data center or colocation data center. Options were limited during the time these were marketed and sold.
Series.
300.
In contrast to the 0, 1, 1U later series were produced in manufacturing centers and then installed within a customer data center or colocation data center by a VCE partner or professional services team.
Models were named EX, FX, GX and HX.
700.
This series offers an even larger number of options.
Models were named LX and MX.
Customers.
No confirmed numbers were announced publicly by VCE or its investors until 2013 but when it was disclosed the numbers were provided conservatively as being over 800 customers in almost 60 countries with nearly 2000 VCE manufactured Vblock Systems sold. Because of the lack of a manufactured physical and logical build on an actual VCE manufacturing floor, previous deployments in 2009 and early 2010 of what were called or referred to as Vblock (often with various use of upper and lower case spelling) are not considered to be Vblock by some pundits and infrastructure professionals since these so-called reference architectures varied greatly from project to project when compared to late 2010 manufactured Vblock. Anecdotally, institutions and companies using Vblock have been involved in published testimonials.

</doc>
<doc id="36752236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752236" title="Country Music is Here to Stay">
Country Music is Here to Stay

"Country Music is Here to Stay" is the first single by singer Ferlin Husky with Capitol Records under the pseudonym Simon Crum. The song peaked at No. 2 on "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="36752237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752237" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle light heavyweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle light heavyweight

The men's freestyle light heavyweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event. Light heavyweight was the second-heaviest category, including wrestlers weighing up to 87 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski

</doc>
<doc id="36752241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752241" title="Võ thuật Bình Định">
Võ thuật Bình Định

The võ Bình Định (short for "võ thuật Bình Định", martial arts of Bình Định Province) is a noted school of martial arts of Vietnam performed with a bamboo pole. Along with Vovinam (ViVoDao, Việt Võ Đạo) it is one of the more popular forms of martial art in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="36752264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752264" title="Augustus W. Peters">
Augustus W. Peters

Augustus W. Peters (June 10, 1844 - December 29, 1898) was a New York City political figure who served as the 1st Manhattan Borough President.
Biography.
Augustus Winniett Peters was born in Saint John, New Brunswick on June 10, 1844. He was raised and educated in New Brunswick, studied law, and became an attorney. In 1867 he moved to New York City as the lawyer for Ralph, King & Halleck, a firm that traded on the New York Gold Exchange. In 1875 he became a member of the Gold Exchange, and in 1876 he was appointed its Secretary. Peters also later became a member of the New York Mining Exchange.
In 1878 Peters became Chairman of the New York Consolidated Exchange, a combination of the several different commodities exchanges. Peters remained as Chairman until resigning to take office as Manhattan Borough President. Upon his resignation as Chairman, he was appointed the Exchange's Second Vice President.
Peters, a lifelong bachelor, was a veteran of the militia in New Brunswick. He continued his military service in New York, attaining the rank of Sergeant Major in the New York Old Guard, a ceremonial unit whose members were mostly veterans of previous military service.
A large, athletic man, Peters was involved in several amateur sports clubs and competitions, and was an accomplished cricket player and swimmer. Peters was also a capable singer and amateur actor, and belonged to choirs and drama clubs in New York City.
Peters was also a Freemason and attained the 33rd Degree of the Scottish Rite.
Having become a citizen of the United States soon after arriving in New York, Peters became active in the Tammany Hall Democratic Party organization. In 1893 he became President of Tammany's General Committee, and in 1894 he was an unsuccessful candidate for New York County Sheriff. In 1894 Peters was also an unsuccessful candidate for President of the Board of Aldermen.
In 1897 Peters was elected Manhattan Borough President. The five borough presidencies were created as the result of organizing Greater New York, which consolidate the five boroughs under one Mayor.
Peters served as Borough President until his sudden death from a heart attack at his New York City home on December 29, 1898. His remains were returned to New Brunswick for burial.

</doc>
<doc id="36752265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752265" title="Cyclone Fran">
Cyclone Fran

Cyclone Fran was the third tropical cyclone within four weeks to impact Vanuatu. Fran formed on March 4 and then gradually intensified. Winds reached gale-force on March 5, and hurricane-force a few days later. Cyclone Fran reached the powerful Category 5 equivalent on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale near Vanuatu. The storm weakened somewhat due to land interaction, but briefly re-intensified after moving away from land. Fran gradually weakened over the next several days over less favorable conditions. Meanwhile, the storm passed north of New Caledonia. Eventually, as a Category 2 system on the Australian scale, Fran made landfall on Queensland during March 16. Severe Tropical Cyclone Fran turned towards the southeast and eventually headed back out to sea. The system dissipated the next day. On Efate, over 130 houses lost roofs. Along Queensland, two rivers sustained major flooding, but no deaths were attributed to this cyclone. Total damage from the system was 8-10 million (1992 AUD). Moderate damage was also reported in Fiji. In New Caledonia, the storm brought flooding and landslides.
Meteorological history.
On March 4, 1992 the Fiji Meteorological Service's Nadi tropical cyclone warning centre (TCWC Nadi) and the Naval Western Oceanography Center (NWOC), started to monitor a shallow tropical depression that had developed within the monsoon trough about to the north of Wallis Island. Over the next two days the depression slowly developed further as it moved towards the south-southwest, before the system was named Fran early on March 6 by TCWC Nadi as the system had started to rapidly intensify and had become a category 1 tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale and started to rapidly intensify. The NWOC also designated Fran as Tropical Cyclone 25P and started to issue advisories on it during that day as it passed about to the north of Futuna Island. During that day as the system continued to move towards the south-southwest it crossed the International Dateline, which prompted the NWOC to pass the responsibility for warning the United States Government to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center.
Early on March 7 as Fran passed about to the north of Suva, Fiji, TCWC Nadi reported that Fran had intensified into a category 3 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian scale, while the JTWC reported that the system had become equivalent to a category one hurricane. Over the next 48 hours, the system steadily deepened and intensified further while moving towards Vanuatu, before the JTWC reported at 1800 UTC on December 8 that Fran had peaked with 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 260 km/h (160 mph) which made it equivalent to a category 5 hurricane on the SSHS. At around the same time TCWC Nadi estimated that Fran had peaked with 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 100 knots, which made it a category 4 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian scale. Over the next 18 hours the system moved in-between the Vanuatuan Islands of Shefa and Erromango and passed about to the south of Port Vila, as it started to gradually weaken.
After weakening slightly because of land interaction, the cyclone slowly re-intensified as it pulled away from the island. Cyclone Fran passed north of New Caledonia early March 10, with 1-min sustained winds of . Subsequently, Fran moved towards the west and attained its secondary 10-minute sustained peak of and 1-minute sustained peak of on March 12. The cyclone had slowed by this stage and it subsequently assumed a somewhat erratic southwest track towards the coast. Over the subsequent next three days, Fran weakened as it became less organized. The cyclone finally crossed the Queensland coast (becoming the second cyclone of the season to do so) near the town of 1770 on 1700 UTC March 15. About an hour after landfall, the NWOC reported that the storm had 1-minute sustained winds of . Fran subsequently moved inland and weakened to a tropical depression before re-curving to the southeast and moving back over water. The remnants of Fran tracked over Norfolk Island before ultimately merging with a trough north of New Zealand.
Preparations and impact.
Wallis and Futuna.
The French territory of Wallis and Futuna was affected by the developing cyclone between March 5 and 8, and were the first island nation to be affected by the developing cyclone. Considerable rainfall was recorded on the islands, with Wallis Island reporting over during a 12 hour period, while damage was mostly confined to trees, telephone with several power lines blown down, boats sunk and loss of some roofs.
Fiji.
Within Fiji, Fran passed about to the north of Suva, Fiji and caused a moderate amount of damage throughout the Fijian archipelago but the damage total was not assessed.
Vanautu.
Cyclone Fran was the fifth out of 6 cyclones, and the third within four weeks, to affect Vanuatu during the 1991–92 Cyclone season.
In Vanuatu, Eromango Island experienced considerable damage to crops with some houses destroyed. On Efate 130 or more houses were unroofed with consequential water damage. A storm surge also occurred over the wharf at Eromango.
Queensland.
Floods affected Southern Queensland and some 17 houses were unroofed near Bundaberg.
Heron Island.
On Heron Island, a small island off the Australian coast, winds of were reported, of rain fell in a day, and a storm surge of was estimated. Considerable damage to the trees were reported and many birds were killed, but no damage from buildings were reported. One Casuarina was lost during the cyclone. Significant erosion and loss of materials were reported. The cyclone continued the process of removing fine material from the top of the island. Despite significant beach erosion, there were no significant accumulation of fines on the reef and thus there were no harmful impacts to the flora and fauna on the coral reef.
Norfolk Island.
Prior to striking Vanuatu, evacuation centers were opened and communication equipment was secured before Severe Tropical Cyclone Fran hit. All schools were closed and the natural disaster management office broadcast hourly preparedness messages to the public. Because of the preparations, it was estimated that Fran was not as bad as it could have been. In Australia, officials closed beaches along the Sunshine and Gold Coasts. In addition, train services from Brisbane were cancelled.
In New Caledonia, flooding and mudslides occurred. Winds of were measured on Poum. The highest rainfall total was on Tango Dzumac. A total of 150 boxes were damaged or destroyed.
Across Queensland, coastal towns were flooded, uprooting trees and knocking out power. Several roofs were torn off of homes and some flooding was reported. Winds and flooding caused minor property damage, but considerable crop losses along were reported the coast, with the worst effects in Bundaberg. A total of 40 houses were uproofed throughout Bundaberg. In Burnett Heads, 3 yachts were damaged. Heavy swells caused damage on Heron Island and severe erosion on the Gold and Sunshine Coasts. Overall, 2,624 insurance claims were made because of property damage. Total damage from the system was 8-10 million (1992 AUD), while insurance losses were estimated at $2.5 million (1992 AUD). The name Fran was later retired from the list of tropical cyclone names.

</doc>
<doc id="36752279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752279" title="Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle heavyweight">
Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle heavyweight

The men's freestyle heavyweight was a freestyle wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event. Heavyweight was the heaviest category, including wrestlers weighing over 87 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski

</doc>
<doc id="36752291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752291" title="Mucun">
Mucun

Mucun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36752308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752308" title="Im Jae-sun">
Im Jae-sun

Im Jae-Sun (born June 10, 1968) is a South Korean footballer. He was Top Scorer in 1994 Korean League Cup

</doc>
<doc id="36752314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752314" title="2012 Phillip Island 300">
2012 Phillip Island 300

The 2012 Phillip Island 300 was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars. It was the fifth event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 18–20 May at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit, in Phillip Island, Victoria.
The event was the second in a row in which Ford Performance Racing dominated with Mark Winterbottom winning the Saturday race and Will Davison winning the Sunday race. Although the FPR duo won both races, Shane Van Gisbergen was the best performed driver over the whole weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="36752319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752319" title="Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's featherweight">
Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's featherweight

The men's featherweight boxing competition at the 1948 Olympic Games in London was held from 7 to 13 August at the Empress Hall in Earl's Court and the Wembley Arena.
Competition format.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. The competition began with a preliminary round on 7 August, where the number of competitors was reduced to 16, and concluded with a final on 13 August. As there were less than 32 boxers in the competition, a number of boxers received a bye for the preliminary round. All bouts will consist of three periods where the boxers received points for every successful punch they land on their opponent's head or upper body. The boxer with the most points at the end of the bouts wins. If a boxer is knocked to the ground and cannot get up before the referee counts to 10 then the bout is over and the opponent wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36752352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752352" title="Hukeng">
Hukeng

Hukeng may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="36752389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752389" title="2012–13 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team">
2012–13 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Oklahoma Sooners basketball team represented the University of Oklahoma in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Sooners were led by Lon Kruger in his second season. The team played its home games at the Lloyd Noble Center in Norman, Oklahoma as a member of the Big 12 Conference. They finished the season 20–12, 11–7 in Big 12 play to finish in a tie for fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Big 12 Tournament to Iowa State. The received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to San Diego State.
Schedule.
! colspan=9 style="background:#FFFDD0; color:#960018;"| Exhibition
! colspan=9 style="background:#960018; color:#FFFDD0;"| Non-conference Regular Season
! colspan=9 style="background:#960018; color:#FFFDD0;"| Big 12 Regular Season
! colspan=9 style="background:#FFFDD0; color:#960018;"| 2013 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament
! colspan=9 style="background:#960018; color:#FFFDD0;"| 2013 NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36752400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752400" title="2005 Wimbledon Championships – Girls' Singles">
2005 Wimbledon Championships – Girls' Singles

Kateryna Bondarenko was the defending champion, but she participated in the women's tournament.
Agnieszka Radwańska won in the final against Tamira Paszek, 6–3, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="36752427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752427" title="Rahsaan Islam">
Rahsaan Islam

Rahsaan Islam (born 1986) is a Bangladeshi American film actor. He made his debut in international cinema with Simanaheen (Bengali). Upon release, the film was a critical and commercial success, and Islam received positive reviews for his performance. 
Early life.
Islam was born on September 24, 1986 in Chicago, USA to Bangladeshi parents. His father immigrated to the US in the 1970s and is a software engineer; Islam's mother is a physician. He grew up in Chicago with his younger brother who is an IT consultant. 
Islam graduated from Lake Forest College with honors in Economics and International Relations, and was a member of the varsity Men's Basketball team. Playing the point guard position for the team, he was named an Academic All-American.
Career.
In 2011, Islam quit his job in finance and began working in television commercials and various independent film projects in the United States. In the same year, he also began shooting for his debut Bengali film, Simanaheen. As a result of his promising beginning in films, Islam was invited to be an honorary board member for the 47th Chicago International Film Festival in 2011. 
In 2013, Islam made his debut in international cinema with NEQUA Studio's Simanaheen opposite Ismat Alamgir. The movie became a major commercial success and received critical acclaim. Bengali Kolkata Radio declared it a worldwide 'hit' after its first week in theaters. Islam also received critical acclaim for his performance. The Dhally/Tolly Report wrote, "Islam took the challenge of learning to act in a new language and succeeded. His expressions are perfect and dialogue delivery is first class, a very fine young actor..Rahsaan Islam is someone to watch out for."

</doc>
<doc id="36752428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752428" title="Djemila Benhabib">
Djemila Benhabib

Djemila Benhabib (in Arabic جميلة بن حبيب) (born 1972) is a Canadian opponent of Muslim fundamentalism, journalist, writer and politician who lives in, Quebec. She is of Algerian and Greek-Cypriot descent.
She was a finalist for the 2009 Governor General's Literary Awards for her non-fiction book "Ma vie à contre-Coran: une femme témoigne sur les islamistes". Her second book is "Les soldats d'Allah à l'assaut de l'Occident". Some of her articles are also published by the far right website "Riposte laïque".
She was born in Ukraine in 1972. Her father is Algerian and her mother Greek Cypriot.
In 2010, she appeared on the "Jean-Marie Colombani invite" show on the French television channel Public Sénat.
In 2012, she received the Le Prix international-de-la-laïcite-.html# Le Prix international de la laïcité.
She was the Parti Québécois candidate for Trois-Rivières in the 2012 Quebec general election, but narrowly failed to defeat the sitting member, Danielle St-Amand. She was again candidate in 2014, this time in Mille-Îles, but was defeated by Liberal candidate Francine Charbonneau.

</doc>
<doc id="36752461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752461" title="Biometrics use by the South African government">
Biometrics use by the South African government

As part of its attempts to reduce the incidences of fraud and corruption, as well as to deliver more efficient services to its citizens, the South African government is embarking on a program of employing biometric identification systems in certain of its programs.
Some instances where the South African government has started implementing a biometrics program are in the following departments.
Department of Agriculture.
The Department of Agriculture Head Office in Pretoria identified a need to implement more stringent system control mechanisms, including the financial system, logging onto secure applications and logging onto staff members' personal workstations.
The Department applied a strict password management policy, but it had different systems for finance, Persal (the Government standard salary payment system), leave and performance management etc. The regulated constant changing of passwords resulted in forgotten passwords, lock-outs and employees sitting next to each other having access to one another's passwords.
This resulted in downtime, an administrative burden on IT staff who had more pressing concerns, and increased opportunity costs. It was also noticed that unauthorised individuals had after-hours access to the facilities.
The Department then implemented a fingerprint biometric reader to computers, which eliminated passwords altogether. Furthermore, the readers were also installed at key access control points which meant that staff couldn't log on to machines if they didn't first gain access at these control points.
This also meant that staff could be regulated as to which hours they were supposed to be working or were allowed to work. The system automatically logged you off of a computer when you 'clocked out' of the work area, which meant less wastage and stricter security.
Thus the implementation of the biometric system ensures superior security measures, ease of use, a centralised databank of access control information, and the fact that staff didn't need to carry any access control instruments to work except for their fingers.
Department of Correctional Services.
As part of its strive to increase security and reduce corruption within its facilities, the Department of Correctional Services launched its Biometric Security System in August 2006. The system included fingerprint access, closed circuit television systems and turnstile gates.
The Department recognised that the system on its own would not be effective and that staff members would have to be fully committed to and well-trained in operating the system. This included being proactive in monitoring any form of risk as well as acting promptly should a breach of security take place.
The system was grounded in the principle of fail-over and in case of power loss or other unforeseen circumstances would switch over to a fully functioning secondary site.
Future foreseen improvements to the system include closed circuit television monitoring of each individual cell, amongst others.
Department of Home Affairs.
South Africa has approximately 48 million citizens, and each one of them requires a government-issued, official identification booklet, as proof of identity. This document is not only needed for public services, but also everyday actions such as renting a DVD or opening a bank or store account. This document is based on the most secure form of identification, being the individual's fingerprint. The need is undeniable; the process is time consuming and paper based and resulted in government archives that contain over 45 million paper files.
The Home Affairs National Identification System Project, known as HANIS, was implemented to move away from the paper system. Not only would HANIS replace the existing system with a world class digital database, but it will also ensure real time processing, verification and accessibility for every new and existing fingerprint.
NEC's Automatic Fingerprint Identification System or AFIS was selected to offer the solution that the South African government needed. Their fingerprint recognition technologies host an accuracy rate of more than 99.9%. The system works fast and process as many as 70,000 searches in one day. It allows HANIS to produce the largest citizen identification database in the world.
The Department of Home Affairs however faced quite a number of challenges to ensure successful and complete implementation of the project.
The data integrity is compromised by duplicated and/or missing data elements and data inconsistency; a lack of security around the data stores has led to fraud and corruption, which furthers contaminated data integrity; relational linkages are not formalised between different data-stores (NPR, HANIS, EDMS) and shows little relational integrity; Immigration data stores are based on expired light-weight PC based technologies; The immigration and visitor data shows no integrated and cohesive structure, and are in segmented data stores such as Refugees and Deportation, Asylum Seekers, Visitors and Visas and Movement Control. The department is working to address these issues.
The benefits in sight, however, will be a paperless environment with shorter queues, a reduction in bureaucratic delays and the accuracy of the system will dramatically reduce the possibility of identity theft and fraud.
South African Police Service.
The South African Police Service (SAPS) implemented a biometric system in 2001 to secure the Integrated Justice System (IJS). Finger- and palm prints of convicted criminals have been captured in their Automated Fingerprint Identification System (AFIS) – this database is used for Identity Management (IDM) and is used to monitor criminals as well as to track down wanted criminals. Portable readers (powered by Sagem's MorphoTouch and RapID technology) are used at roadblocks around the country to identify wanted criminals and bring them to justice.
The AFIS was implemented by the Ideco Group, who also completed the HANIS system discussed above.
Additional uses of biometrics in the police services are fingerprint readers (with fake fingerprint detection functionality) for access control in departments with secure and sensitive information (e.g. forensic laboratories, stolen vehicle departments etc.).
Fingerprints are also being used as the sole method for doing criminal record background checks for commercial purposes – as the use of a name, surname or identification number has too much potential for abuse, and this system failure has led to much fraud. A full set of fingerprints is required for a criminal record check to be done on an individual. Companies who want to make use of this service (called AFISwitch) have to be enrolled with AFIS. This service has a significantly faster turnaround time (48 hours as opposed to weeks) than the traditional system for checking criminal records.
SASSA.
South Africa's Social Assistance Program is the government's largest poverty alleviation intervention. It has a budget allocation of approximately R100 billion, and provides social grants to 15,8 million beneficiaries to reduce their levels of deprivation and enable them to participate in the economy.
In her budget vote speech on 2 May 2012, the Minister of Social Development, Ms Bathabile Dlamini, conceded that the South African Social Security Agency ("SASSA") has incomplete information on beneficiary details, and that the social grant system is prone to fraud and misappropriation of funds. In a country where social assistance touches such a high proportion of citizens and incorporates dealing with enormous monetary amounts, such fraud and misappropriation of funds is a slap in the face of those truly in need, and cannot be tolerated.
As part of its strategy to address this problem SASSA has announced that all social assistance beneficiaries will be re-registered through a biometric enrolment system. Following enrolment, a biometric system will analyse physical or behavioural traits, such as fingerprints, iris, face, voice and hand geometry, to verify the identity of a beneficiary. This system will allow for effective authentication of beneficiaries, and drastically reduce the opportunities for fraud. SASSA is in the process of implementing this system, with Phase 1 having already been completed.
Biometric identification systems are however not fool proof. Accurately functioning systems rely on two fundamental premises – the permanence and uniqueness of the relevant biometric trait, both of which are not certain. Furthermore there may be problems with extracting the biometric traits – for example system or environmental problems. In recent years there has been significant growth in biometric research, and this has resulted in advancements in the field. More accurate, cost effective, secure and robust biometric systems have been developed – it is hoped that this will allow for an effective implementation of a system by SASSA.
Conclusion.
The main reasons for implementing a biometrics system by the South African government seem to be the eradication of crime and corruption, and enhancing service delivery to the citizens of the country. The problems faced are to be expected, being poor infrastructure and a lack of funds.
With perseverance however, the government should be able to succeed with its efforts in becoming more effective in the use of biometrics.

</doc>
<doc id="36752471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752471" title="Lao Airlines F.C.">
Lao Airlines F.C.

Lao Airlines FC is a football club based Laos. They play in the Lao League, the top national football league in Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="36752486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752486" title="Sunwoo Hwi">
Sunwoo Hwi

Sunwoo Hwi was a modern South Korean author and novelist.
Life.
Sunwoo Hwi was born on January 3, 1922 in Chongju, Pyeonganbuk-do, Korea. A writer poet, journalist, soldier and philosopher he also fought in the Korean war from 1950 to 1952. poet, journalist, soldier and philosopher. He was a famous realist and anticommunist writer and journalist. Hwi graduated from Gyeongseong Teachers School in 1944. He worked as a reporter for Chosun Ilbo before enlisting in the army in 1949 as an information and education officer. He made his literary debut in 1955 with the publication of his story “Ghost” (Gwisin).
Work.
The Korea Literature Translation Institute summarized Hwi's work:

</doc>
<doc id="36752496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752496" title="2012 United States motorcycle Grand Prix">
2012 United States motorcycle Grand Prix

The 2012 United States motorcycle Grand Prix (formally known as the 2012 Red Bull U.S. Grand Prix) was the tenth round of the 2012 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, and the first of two races in the 2012 season to take place in the United States of America. It was held on 29 July at the Laguna Seca Raceway in Monterey, California.
Jorge Lorenzo qualified on pole position for the race, which was won by Casey Stoner.

</doc>
<doc id="36752499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752499" title="Trying">
Trying

Trying is a drama by Canadian-born playwright Joanna Glass that premiered at Chicago's Victory Gardens Theater on March 29, 2004. The two-act play depicts the final year in the life Francis Biddlethe United States Attorney General under President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Chief Judge of the Nuremberg trialsas it was seen through the eyes of his then twenty-five-year-old assistant, Sarah Schorr. As the young woman relates to the audience, she is merely the latest and coincidentally the last in a long and unsuccessful line of personal secretaries, all of whom have disappointed Biddle in some way. Much of the story revolves around issues of aging and the breakdown of communication over divisions of age and class. The work is derived from Glass's own experiences as Biddle's assistant from 1967-68.
Production history.
The original production was directed by Victory Gardens' associate artistic director Sandy Shinner and starred Tony Award-winning actor Fritz Weaver as Biddle and Kati Brazda as Sarah. After an extended run in Chicago, it transferred to an off-Broadway run at the Promenade Theater on New York's Upper West Side on October 13, 2004 and ran until January 2 the following year.
The success of "Trying" came as a surprise to Glass, as the play was only picked up as a replacement for Claudia Allen's "Hanging Fire" when the show's lead actress, Julie Harris, suffered a stroke and was unable to go on. The original Chicago production of "Trying" was lauded by critics and audiences alike and was nominated for several Joseph Jefferson Awards including "Best Production," "Best Direction," and "Best New Work," which it won. The two actors in the Victory Gardens premiere also received Jeff nods, with Weaver taking home the trophy for Best Actor of 2004 for his work in the production.
Following the play's transfer off-Broadway, the production continued to be met with high praise, with critics calling the relationship between Weaver and Brazda some of the best acting seen in New York City that season. Glass's playscript, however, found less marked success, with Christine Howey of Cleveland's "The Plain Dealer" and others criticizing the plot for being too predictable. The production, largely financed by Chicagoans, closed early following financial disappointments. In spite of this, though, "Trying" continues to be revived regularly at regional theatres across the United States, most recently at the South Carolina Repertory Company in 2005, at the Old Globe in San Francisco in 2006, at the Colony Theatre in Los Angeles in 2007, and at the Rubicon Theatre in Ventura, CA in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36752538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752538" title="O'Day Corp.">
O'Day Corp.

O'Day Corp. was one of the most successful sailboat builders in the US.
History.
It was founded in 1958 by George O'Day, the American Olympic and World champion sailor.
George O'Day sold the company to Bangor Punta Corporation in 1966. Bangor Punta also acquired other boat builders around that time including Cal Yachts and Starcraft Marine. Bangor Punta was later acquired by Lear Siegler. O'Day went out of business in 1989.
Boats.
O'Day co-designed and built the Day Sailer which was inducted into the American Sailboat Hall of Fame in 2003. More than 12,000 Day Sailers have been sold.
In 1959 O'Day adapted the Philip Rhodes' Hurricane design to create the Rhodes 19. Over 3000 Rhodes 19's have been built. In 1982 Stuart Marine Corp. took over production of the Rhodes 19.
The company built or distributed many very popular sailboat designs including:

</doc>
<doc id="36752585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752585" title="Hey, Boo">
Hey, Boo

"Hey, Boo" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36752607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752607" title="Goalpariya">
Goalpariya

Goalpariya, associated with the Goalpara region, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36752617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752617" title="Bahdanovich">
Bahdanovich

Bahdanovich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36752626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752626" title="Michael Aranda">
Michael Aranda

Michael Peter Aranda (born on February 27, 1986) is a vlogger, musician, and professional online video producer originally from California. As of April 2014, his main YouTube channel has over 240,000 subscribers and more than 10.4 million total video views.
Early life.
Michael Peter Aranda was born February 27, 1986 to father Frank Aranda and mother Cheryl Melendrez who married into the name Cheryl Aranda that following September. Michael has always been fascinated with computers and learned to read and write at the age of 4 with the help of video games. Michael met his friend at the end of second grade and the two have remained friends ever since. Michael has two younger sisters and one younger brother: Sara Ann Aranda, Rene Michelle Aranda (actress), and Frank Nathan Aranda. When Michael was a sophomore in high school, his mother and father split up, around the same time his mother found out she had breast cancer. She died after her seven-year battle with this disease in June 2009. Michael developed a love for four things during his attendance in junior high and Ayala High School (Class of 2004): "music, running, making movies, and girls."
Aranda has been interested in music for the majority of his life. He began playing the trumpet in 6th grade, and was in marching band in both junior high and high school, where he eventually became the drum major. During that time he learned how to play the French horn, mellophone, baritone, flute, clarinet, saxophone, guitar, piano, marimba, xylophone, vibraphone, drum set, and turn table. Towards the end of high school, Michael participated in the drum line and color guard. 
Michael also enjoyed running throughout his early life; he became a member of his junior high school’s mile run club, finishing with a 6:47 mile in 7th grade, 5:55 in 8th grade, and finished his competitive running career in 9th grade with a final mile time of 4:54.
Personal life.
Making movies.
After graduating from high school, Aranda began attending the Brooks Institute for film and video production with an emphasis in writing and directing. As a child, he would often use his father’s camcorder to record movies using his siblings or his action figures. “I’m not terribly sure as to where this video making business is going to take me, but I honestly don’t really care as long as I’m having fun doing it.”
Career.
YouTube.
Michael Aranda is best known for his YouTube channel "michaelaranda", which he uses as a platform for creating videos and music. His outro signature is “Arandavision” and he describes his fans as “Arandanauts” in his YouTube bio. This YouTube page, established in 2007, has over 240,000 subscribers and more than 10.1 million total video views as of January 2014. More popular videos include “The Fiesta Beat”, produced in 2009 for Ford, to publicize the release of the 2011 Ford Fiesta, and “What Does It Mean To Be British?” and “The Nerilocation”, featuring Charlie McDonnell. Aranda has two secondary YouTube channels, "whatimdoingrightnow" and "whatimpwningrightnow". On his second channel, WhatImDoingRightNow, he uploads short clips directly from his iPhone of his current location and activities, with the title of each video consisting of the corresponding date and time. This YouTube page was established on August 2, 2009, and, as of September 2012, has 17,000+ subscribers and 2.3 million+ total video views. On his third channel, WhatImPwningRightNow, he uploads narrated LP gaming videos. This YouTube was established on May 10, 2011, and, as of September 2012, has over 1,500 subscribers and 17,000+ total video views.
Primarily, however, Aranda's work is with other YouTubers, in a production or musical capacity, and has worked with several over the years. A few more notable colleagues include online video personalities Charlie McDonnell and Alex Day, political and current affairs discussion vlogger Dan Brown, and online educator and entrepreneur Hank Green. He currently lives in Missoula, Montana, and works with Green on projects such as the educational YouTube channel The Brain Scoop with Emily Graslie, and SciShow with Hank Green.
Music.
Michael Aranda has been involved with different musical explorations. He is a producer and band member of the musical group Chameleon Circuit, and has created many different tracks in his own right, notably including several electro-rock remixes of traditional Christmas songs, released annually during the Christmas period. He is associated with the record company DFTBA Records, founded by Alan Lastufka and Hank Green.
Websites.
In addition to his YouTube channel and music career, Aranda is also the creator of at least two websites: http://www.ischarliemcdonnellsingle.com and http://www.synemastudios.com. The former is a satirical website in the "isitchristmas.com" format, purporting to share Charlie McDonnell’s current relationship status, while the latter is Aranda's own production company, Synema Studios Entertainment, of which he is the founder and CEO.
References.
http://www.michaelaranda.com/blawg

</doc>
<doc id="36752636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752636" title="John Charles Harding, 2nd Baron Harding of Petherton">
John Charles Harding, 2nd Baron Harding of Petherton

John Charles Harding, 2nd Baron Harding of Petherton (born 12 February 1928), is a retired British Army officer.
Harding was educated at Marlborough College and Worcester College, Oxford (MA). He was commissioned into the British Army and served with the 11th Hussars reaching the rank of Major. He succeeded his father John Harding, 1st Baron Harding of Petherton to the title of Baron Harding of Petherton in 1989.
By his wife, Harriet, daughter of Major-General Francis Hare CB DSO (whom he married in 1966), he has two sons and one daughter. Harriet died on 4 December 2012. His daughter Dido Harding is married to Conservative MP John Penrose.

</doc>
<doc id="36752648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752648" title="Djurhuus">
Djurhuus

May refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="36752662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752662" title="2012 China Masters Super Series">
2012 China Masters Super Series

The 2012 China Masters Super Series was the seventh super series tournament of the 2012 BWF Super Series. The tournament was held in Changzhou, China from September 11–16, 2012 and had a total purse of $400,000. The draw was released on August 28, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36752671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752671" title="Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo">
Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo

Juan Manuel Sánchez Gordillo (; born 5 February 1952) is a Spanish politician, labour leader and history school teacher. Since 1979 he has been the Mayor of Marinaleda and since 2008 deputy for United Left (UL) in the Parliament of Andalusia. He is also leader of the party Collective for the Unity of Workers – Andalusian Left Bloc (CUT-BAI), part of UF and the rural workers's union Andalusian Workers Union.
Sánchez Gordillo has a long history of participating in militant action for the benefit of Spanish working class. He helped to transform Marinaleda from a town blighted by rural poverty into what Sánchez Gordillo himself and "The Guardian" have described as a "communist utopia", where since the early 1990s there has been no need for mortgages—the town has "virtually full employment, communally owned land and wage equality". In August 2012 the town had only 5% unemployment, mostly recent arrivals and economic migrants, contrasting with the rest of Spain where unemployment is at 25%, and at 34% in Andalusia.
Robin Hood raids.
In mid August 2012, Sánchez Gordillo attracted considerable media attention both within Spain and internationally due to his role in raids on supermarkets in nearby towns, Seville and Cádiz, where food was stolen and handed out to poor families and to Food banks. The items stolen were part of a list chiefly made of rice, sugar, pasta, milk, olive oil and flour. Sánchez Gordillo did not personally remove food, but was outside in the car parks while members of his union conducted the raids. Several of these members have been arrested and later released, though Sánchez Gordillo himself has immunity from prosecution. Sánchez Gordillo has however said he is happy to waive his immunity and go to jail for his cause, in fact he said he expected to be jailed in order to make his message spread further. English speaking media have widely reported that Sánchez Gordillo is seen as a hero and a "national celebrity" within Spain, comparing him to Robin Hood. A dissenting voice came from Jonathan Blitzer of the "New York Times", who suggested he may fail to live up to the hype and be more like a Don Quixote.
Sánchez Gordillo has also been called a modern Robin Hood and "the revolutionary of Andalusia" by several Spanish newspapers, including the center-left El País. Gordillo has been criticised by several Spanish citizens and officials, including Alfonso Alonso, a spokesman for the governing People's Party in Spain's national parliament, who said "One can’t be Robin Hood and at the same time earning a salary as the sheriff of Nottingham".
2012 anti austerity march.
On 16 August, Gordillo set off on a three-week march to Madrid; on the way he planned to occupy banks and to persuade local authorities to default on their debts and refuse to implement austerity. So far this has included a brief occupation of a Unicaja branch in Mancha Real.

</doc>
<doc id="36752673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752673" title="Petäjä">
Petäjä

Petäjä may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36752687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752687" title="Tina Takahashi">
Tina Takahashi

Tina Takahashi is a judoka, coach, and author who won Canada's first ever gold medal in international Judo at the World University Games in 1984, and was Canada's first women's Olympic Judo coach in 1988, coaching Canada's first women's Judo Olympian Sandra Greaves. She was the first Canadian woman to achieve the rank of "roku-dan" (sixth-degree black belt), and the first women's Sport Canada carded athlete. Takahashi was Canadian champion many times, has taught Judo for more than 30 years, and was inducted into the Judo Canada Hall of Fame in 1998. In 2008 she was named as Chair of the National Grading Board by Judo Canada. Takahashi is the daughter of Canadian judoka Masao Takahashi and June Takahashi, and the sister of Olympians Phil Takahashi and Ray Takahashi.
In 2005 she co-authored a book titled "Mastering Judo" with her parents and three siblings.

</doc>
<doc id="36752691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752691" title="Corey Gatewood">
Corey Gatewood

Corey Gatewood played both wide receiver and cornerback at Stanford University. He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent cornerback in 2012. On August 25, 2012 he was released by the Vikings.
He was the number one receiver coming out of highschool from the state of Massachusetts. 

</doc>
<doc id="36752705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752705" title="Gustavo Guillen (footballer)">
Gustavo Guillen (footballer)

Gustavo Guillen Ruiz (born September 24, 1991 in Mexico City) is a Mexican footballer.
He currently plays as a Middle for Irapuato FC. Gustavo is in Irapuato's Youth Team Along with his team mate Abraham Avalos But both are frequently used in the first team.
Career.
Guillen is one of the young promices of Irapuato he made his senior team debut at the age of 17 on September 17, 2011 versus Mérida in a 1-0 win. he scored his first goal with Irapuato's senior team on August 17, 2012 versus Necaxa in a 6-4 loss. Guillen is still Playing for Irapuato's youth team in the Liga de Nuevos Talentos alongside his team mate Abraham Avalos .

</doc>
<doc id="36752720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752720" title="Lane Xang Intra F.C.">
Lane Xang Intra F.C.

Lane Xang INTRA is a football club based Laos. They play in the ລ້ານຊ້າງອິນທຣາ, the top national football league in Laos, and finished ninth in the 2014 Lao League.

</doc>
<doc id="36752724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752724" title="Friends Development F.C.">
Friends Development F.C.

Friends Development Football Club is a football club based Laos. It was previously known as Pheuanphatthana FC until 2012. They play in the Lao League, the top national football league in Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="36752726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752726" title="The Butterfly Super Sky Cycle">
The Butterfly Super Sky Cycle

The Butterfly Super Sky Cycle is an American homebuilt roadable gyroplane designed and manufactured by The Butterfly Aircraft LLC.
Design.
The Super Sky Cycle is a pusher gyroplane with tricycle undercarriage and belt drive propulsion. A second two cycle engine drives the main wheels. A kevlar tail provides directional control in flight. The rotors are able to be folded for road travel. Two tanks are mounted in reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="36752743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752743" title="Halunda Tavaru">
Halunda Tavaru

Halunda Tavaru () is a 1994 Kannada drama movie starring Vishnuvardhan and Sithara in the lead roles. It was directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Vizag Raju. The music and lyrics were written and composed by Hamsalekha. The film went on to become a musical hit of the year. 
Plot.
The story revolves around a couple who are brought up in contrasting financial situations and how they undergo the riches to rags transition in life. The film was tagged as a tragedy drama with the lead protagonists passing away towards the climax.

</doc>
<doc id="36752755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752755" title="Good Intentions (song)">
Good Intentions (song)

"Good Intentions" is the third official single to be released from British grime rapper Dappy's debut solo studio album, "Bad Intentions". "Good Intentions" was released on 16 September 2012 as a digital download on the iTunes Store. The single was written by Dappy, and produced by Fraser T Smith. The single received its première when Dappy performed the song live at T4 on the Beach on 1 July 2012. The track later premièred on radio on 29 July 2012.
Background.
The release of "Good Intentions" was confirmed by Dappy at T4 on the Beach. The song premièred on BBC Radio 1 Xtra on 29 July 2012. Dappy said of the song, that it is a little different from his previous released songs, and that in the song, he is speaking from the heart.
Music video.
The music video for the song "Good Intentions" was filmed at the beginning of August 2012 in Hawaii, and was directed by Colin Tilley. The music video was released on 24 August by Vevo.

</doc>
<doc id="36752759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752759" title="It's So Cool">
It's So Cool

"It's So Cool" is a song by American recording artist Madonna, taken from her third greatest hits compilation "Celebration" (2009) and was released on September 18, 2009 by Warner Bros. Records. The song was originally titled "Cool Song" and written by Madonna, Mirwais Ahmadzaï and Monte Pittman for the 2003 studio album "American Life". The 2009 version includes the original vocal recording from the earlier sessions, with new production by Madonna and Paul Oakenfold. The song was featured only as a bonus track on the deluxe version of the compilation album.
"It's So Cool" is a dance-oriented song, with influences of electropop and house styles. The song received generally favorable reviews from music critics, praising the composition and the lyrical content. The song performed well on music charts worldwide despite never being released as a single. The song charted in European countries including Finland, Italy and Sweden.
Background and release.
Originally titled "Cool Song", the song was recorded in 2002 for her ninth studio album "American Life" and written by Madonna, Mirwais Ahmadzaï and Monte Pittman. The 2009 version retained the original vocals with additional production by Paul Oakenfold. The original recording from 2002 leaked in full onto the internet on August 31, 2010. It features a stripped-down, acoustic performance by Madonna and includes a children's choir during the final chorus. Another recording without the choir leaked on September 1, 2010 and is most likely an earlier version of the 2002 recording. Another version featuring Madonna's daughter Lourdes was also leaked.
In 2009, the song was announced to be featured on her third greatest hits compilation "Celebration" (2009). The song's production was assisted by Paul Oakenfold, who had remixed other previous songs including "What It Feels Like for a Girl" and "American Life". The song managed to be featured as a bonus track on the compilation, which was released on September 18, 2009.
Reception.
"It's So Cool" received generally favourable reviews from music critics. Bradley Stern from "MuuMuse" gave it a favorable review, stating "It is good [...] n the ever-so-slightly Confessions On A Dance Floor, well-sung verses, crafty lyrics, possibly-better-than-the-lead-single, “Let’s do this one for the gays!” kind of way." 
Despite the song never being release as a single, "Its So Cool" managed to enter the top forty in some European markets. The song debuted at number eight on the Finnish Singles Chart, managing to enter the top ten in that country. The song debuted at number twenty on the Italian Singles Chart for a sole week, being one of her few releases to miss the top 10. The song debuted at number thirty on the Swedish Singles Chart for a sole week.

</doc>
<doc id="36752797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752797" title="List of terrorist incidents, July–December 2012">
List of terrorist incidents, July–December 2012

This is a timeline of individual violent attacks which took place from July to December, 2012, including attacks by state and non-state actors for political or other unknown motives. Ongoing military conflicts are listed separately.

</doc>
<doc id="36752826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752826" title="Mirza Jahangir">
Mirza Jahangir

Shahzada Mirza Muhammad Jahangir Bakht Bahadur (also known as Prince Mirza Jahangir Bakht) (1791– 18 July 1821) was the son of Prince Mirza Akbar, who became the Emperor Akbar Shah II in 1807 and his wife Empress Mumtaz Mahal, he was also the younger brother of Emperor Bahadur Shah II and older brother of Mirza Jahan Shah. Under the pressure of his mother, Mumtaz Begum, Akbar Shah declared him as his successor. However, after he attacked the British resident, Archibald Seton, in the Red Fort, the East India Company exiled him and eventually Bahadur Shah II succeed his father 1837, to become the last Mughal ruler of India .
Biography.
Mirza Jahagir's father, the Mughal Emperor Akbar Shah II (r. 1808 -1837) was not happy with his eldest son Siraj Uddin “Zafar” (Bahadur Shah Zafar II) and wanted to nominate his younger son Mirza Jahangir as the heir Apparent ("Wali-Ahad"). This move was not liked by the then British Resident in the Red Fort, Sir Archibald Seton. Once Mirza Jahangir who was a reckless youth of 19 insulted Seton in open court and called him Loolu. The British Resident somehow did not react to this insult as probably he did not understand the meaning of Loolu. After a few days, when Mirza Jahangir was merrymaking on the roof of Naubat Khana in Red Fort, Archibald Seton was coming from the Darbar after an audience with Resident. Mirza Jahangir fired a shot at the Resident from the roof of Naubat Khana. Seton escaped but his orderly was killed. For this act of his, Mirza Jahangir was exiled to Allahabad under orders of the British Resident.
The mother of Mirza Jahangir Queen Mumtaz Mahal Begum, was distraught and took a vow that if her son was released from Allahabad she would offer a chadar of flowers at the dargah of Khwaja Bakhtiar ‘Kaki’ at Mehrauli. After a couple of years Mirza Jahangir was released and like a devout lady Mumtaz Mahal Begum went to Mehrauli to redeem her vow. With her the Imperial Court also shifted to Mehrauli and so did the entire population of Delhi. For 7 days all sorts of merrymaking continued at Mehrauli with Jhoolas (swings) in the mango groves, cock fighting and bull bailin, kites flying, wrestling and swimming bouts. Amidst all this merrymaking with great pomp and show, a chadar made of flowers was offered at the Dargah of Khwaja Bakhtiar Kaki. The Mughal king was secular minded and under his orders floral offering in the shape of a floral pankha was offered at the famous Yogmaya Temple which is also in Mehrauli.
Seeing the response of the people and sensing the enthusiasm generated, it was decided that the festival will be held annually after the rains and people of all communities will offer pankha and chadar at the Dargah of Khwaja Bakhtiar Kaki and "pankha" and floral offering at Yogmayaji temple. The Darbar was also shifted to Mehrauli for the 7 days of the Festival. The Festival reached its pinnacle during the reign of Siraj-U-ddin “Zafar”, the last Mughal emperor also known as Bahadur Shah “Zafar”. Bahadur Shah “Zafar” went to celebrate “Phool Walon Ki Sair” even in 1857 when Delhi was under siege of the British. This was the last “Phool Waalon Ki Sair” under the Mughals.

</doc>
<doc id="36752834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752834" title="Glenn Capacio">
Glenn Capacio

Glenn Capacio (Born May 15, 1964) is a former PBA Player and the former head coach of the newcomer GlobalPort Batang Pier in the PBA. and also he is the former head coach of the FEU Tamaraws from 2007 to 2010

</doc>
<doc id="36752839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752839" title="The Royal Thousand">
The Royal Thousand

The Royal Thousand is the debut album by the metalcore band Glass Cloud. The album was recorded in late 2011 at Lambesis Studios, in Escondido, California and was released on July 10, 2012.
The album was produced by Joshua Travis, and mixed and mastered by Will Putney at The Machine Shop in Weehawken, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36752842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752842" title="Kassio">
Kassio

Kassio Fernando Rocha Martins (born 14 September 1992) commonly known as Kassio, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Ríver AC.
Career.
On 23 April 2011, Kassio made his debut for América Teófilo Otoni in an 8–1 home loss against Cruzeiro in their semi-final first leg tie of the Campeonato Mineiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36752848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752848" title="Mirza Jahan Shah">
Mirza Jahan Shah

Shahzada Mirza Muhammad Jahan Shah Bahadur (also known as Prince Mirza Jehan Shah) (1795-1846) was the son of Prince Mirza Akbar, who became the Emperor Akbar Shah II in 1807. He was a younger brother of Emperor Bahadur Shah II and former Crown Princes Mirza Jahangir and Mirza Salim. His mother Selaa'h un-nissa, was the third wife of the Emperor.
Biography.
His father ruled over a rapidly disintegrating empire between 1806 to 1837. It was during his time that the East India Company dispensed with the illusion of ruling in the name of the Mughal monarch and removed his name from the Persian texts that appeared on the coins struck by the company in the areas under their control.
His brother was not his father’s preferred choice as his successor. One of Akbar Shah's queens, Mumtaz Begum, had been pressuring him to declare her son, and Mirza Jahan Shah's half-brother Mirza Jahangir as his successor. The East India Company exiled Jahangir after he attacked their resident, Sir Archibald Seton, in the Red Fort.
Family.
During his lifetime, he kept six wives, and had at least ten children. He died in 1846, years before the events of 1857 that ushered in the end of his dynasty and the rule of the Imperial family of India. 
His grandson, Zahir Shah Mirza was the patriarch of the Singranatore family in the eastern provinces of the empire.

</doc>
<doc id="36752862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752862" title="Brockport Golden Eagles">
Brockport Golden Eagles

The Brockport Golden Eagles are composed of 21 teams representing the State University of New York at Brockport in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, and track and field. Men's sports include baseball, football, ice hockey, and wrestling. Women's sports include field hockey, gymnastics, volleyball, tennis, and softball. The Golden Eagles compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the State University of New York Athletic Conference for most sports, except for the football team, which competes in the New Jersey Athletic Conference.
Baseball.
Brockport has had 1 Major League Baseball Draft selection since the draft began in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36752875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752875" title="Hoovu Hannu">
Hoovu Hannu

Hoovu Hannu () is a 1993 Kannada drama film based on the novel by Triveni of the same name. The film starred Lakshmi, Rajesh Gundurao, Vyjayanthi and Baby Shamili in the lead roles. It was directed by Rajendra Singh Babu and produced by Vaibhava Lakshmi Productions. The music and lyrics were written and composed by Hamsalekha. The film was a musical hit and won many awards including the Karnataka State Film Awards and Filmfare Awards South. 
Veteran cinematographer V. K. Murthy worked in this film and won many accolades for his work.
Plot.
The story revolves around a woman played by Lakshmi who undergoes pain in every step she takes and is forced in prostitution racket to earn a livelihood. Her grand daughter, played by Shamili, comes to her rescue in the latter half of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="36752897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752897" title="Bukkampatti">
Bukkampatti

Bukkampatti (Tamil:புக்கம்பட்டி) is a Village Panchayat in Mecheri taluk in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Demographics.
It has a population of about 4,206 persons in around 1,035 households. The village is famous for its export business of handloom silks.

</doc>
<doc id="36752925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752925" title="Mirza Salim">
Mirza Salim

Shahzada Mirza Muhammad Salim Shah (1799 – 8 September 1836 ) (also known as Prince Mirza Salim Shah) was a son of Mughal emperor Akbar II and his Empress Mumtaz un-Nissa Begum. He was a younger brother of Emperor Bahadur Shah II, former Crown Prince Mirza Jahangir and Mirza Jahan Shah.
Biography.
His father ruled over a rapidly disintegrating empire between 1806 to 1837. It was during his time that the East India Company dispensed with the illusion of ruling in the name of the Mughal monarch and removed his name from the Persian texts that appeared on the coins struck by the company in the areas under their control.
His brother was not his father’s preferred choice as his successor. One of Akbar Shah's queens, Mumtaz Begum, had been pressuring him to declare her son, Mirza Jahangir as his successor. The East India Company exiled Jahangir after he attacked their resident, Sir Archibald Seton, in the Red Fort. 
The British tried to make him the appoint him as Heir Apparent on 26 September 1835 but refused to cave to his demands which is why his older brother, Mirza Abu Zafar Muhammad Bahadur took the throne as Emperor Bahadur Shah II.
Family.
He married twice, both of whom were princesses of the Imperial family and his cousins. He had two sons and two daughters. He died in 1836 in the Red Fort, before the events of 1857 that ushered in the end of his dynasty and the rule of the Imperial family of India.

</doc>
<doc id="36752931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752931" title="Viti Levu scrubfowl">
Viti Levu scrubfowl

The Viti Levu scrubfowl ("Megapodius amissus"), also known as the Fiji scrubfowl or lost megapode, is an extinct megapode that was endemic to Fiji. The epithet "amissus", from Latin "lost", refers to its extinction. Subfossil remains were collected from the Udit cave at Wainibuku on the island of Viti Levu in October 1998 by Trevor Worthy, G. Udy and S. Mataraba, and described by Worthy in 2000. The holotype is held by the Museum of New Zealand (reg. no: S.037468).
Description.
The megapode was similar in size to, or slightly larger than, the living orange-footed scrubfowl, though it had reduced wings and more robust legs, suggesting that it was flightless or almost flightless. It is likely that it became extinct through overhunting following human settlement of the Fiji Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="36752933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752933" title="Gustavo Palafox">
Gustavo Palafox

Gustavo Palafox (born 15 November 1923) is a retired tennis player from Mexico.
Career.
Palafox won five Pan American Games gold medals during the 1950s.
He competed at the US National Championships four times and made the third round in 1952, with wins over Robert Kerdasha and Don Eisdenberg, before a loss to 11th seed Gardnar Mulloy.
In Davis Cup tennis, Palafox took part in nine ties and 20 rubbers, for 10 wins. He beat Australian Ken McGregor in 1950 and four years later made history when he beat Vic Seixas, becoming the first Mexican to defeat an American in the Davis Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36752942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752942" title="2012 Skycity Triple Crown">
2012 Skycity Triple Crown

The Skycity Triple Crown is a V8 Supercar event held annually at Hidden Valley Raceway near Darwin in the Northern Territory, Australia.
Australia's northernmost racetrack had existed for several years prior to its upgrade for its national championship debut in 1998.
The event is staged over a three-day weekend (Friday-Sunday). Practice is held on Friday. During most of its history the meeting was held to a three race format with the first race held on Saturday and two on Sunday. 2009 saw the adoption of the two stand alone races format with individual qualifying each day for each race.
The 2012 Skycity Triple Crown was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based International V8 Supercars Championship. It was the sixth event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 15–17 June at the Hidden Valley Raceway, in Darwin, the Northern Territory. 
Standings.
References
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skycity_Triple_Crown
https://www.v8supercars.com.au/championship/2014-v8-supercars-championship/skycity-triple-crown-darwin

</doc>
<doc id="36752947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752947" title="Giuseppe Mancinelli">
Giuseppe Mancinelli

Giuseppe Mancinelli (Naples, 1813 - Palazzolo di Castrocelo, 1875) was an Italian painter.
Biography.
His father was in the service of the Venitgnano family, who patronized his early studies at the Neapolitan Academy of Art, then under the guidance of Vincenzo Camuccini. He painted an altarpiece of "San Carlo Borromeo provides Viaticum to Plague Victim" for the Church of San Carlo all'Arena. After 1850, he was named to replace Tito Angelini as the professor of Design at the Neapolitan Academy, besting out Di Napoli and Raffaele Postiglione in a contest for the position. He painted the "Sipario" or theater curtain, for the teatro San Carlo with "Muses, Homer, poets, and musicians" (1854) to replace the original curtain by Giuseppe Cammarano that had burned in a fire. Among his pupils were Alfonso Simonetti, Ciro Punzo, and his son Gustavo.

</doc>
<doc id="36752966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752966" title="Northlane">
Northlane

Northlane is an Australian metalcore band from Blacktown, New South Wales, formed in 2009. As of 2014, Northlane has released two full-length albums, "Discoveries" and "Singularity", and an EP, "Hollow Existence".
History.
Early years and "Discoveries" (2009–2012).
Northlane was formed in 2010 in Western Sydney. Their debut EP was released in 2010 and was called "Hollow Existence". The EP was received well as the band toured relentlessly around Australia.
In late 2011, the band signed to the UNFD record label, who released their first studio album, "Discoveries". The album was followed by the "Discoveries" tour around Australia, and tours supporting August Burns Red and House Vs Hurricane shortly afterwards. Parkway Drive took them on the Sick Summer tour in February 2012.
In September 2012, the band went to Canada on tour with Counterparts and Stray From The Path. At the end of the tour, they settled in New York City to record their new album with Will Putney.
In December 2012 the band toured with in arenas with Parkway Drive on their "Atlas" tour in Australia.
In May 2014, Northlane played at the Metro theatre in Sydney, Australia.
"Singularity" (2013–present).
In January 2013 the band completed a tour across regional Australia with In Hearts Wake and Endless Heights as supporting acts, in support of their new single "Worldeater". They also played in Adelaide at The Cavern to make up for their missed flight the previous month. In most shows the band leaked a new song titled "Masquerade". Northlane played at the 2013 Soundwave festival and Pushover 2013 alongside other Australian hardcore acts such as Thy Art Is Murder, Amity Affliction and In Hearts Wake.
A music video for the song "Quantum Flux" from "Singularity" was released on 22 February 2013. It achieved mainstream success, debuting at #14 on the ARIA Australian Artists Top 20 Singles Chart in the week of 4 March 2013. On 22 March 2013, Northlane released their second studio album, "Singularity". It went to #1 in the Australian iTunes albums chart, and debuted at #3 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart. "Singularity" received critical acclaim around the world. It was nominated for Triple J's "J Award Album Of The Year" as one of the 10 best albums of 2013, and was voted as the Best album of 2013 on both The Racket and Short Fast Loud. In the Blunt Magazine readers poll Northlane took home a multitude of awards in 2013 including "Band Of The Year", "Album of The Year" and "Best Vocalist".
The "Singularity" tour in Australia included Structures, Stray From The Path and Statues. In August they supported Karnivool around Australia.
Northlane made their United States touring debut in November 2013, touring nationally with Veil Of Maya and Structures. In January 2014 they played on the Big Day Out touring festival, before touring the USA with Bring Me The Horizon, Of Mice and Men and Issues on the American Dream tour. In March and April they supported Architects on a 39 date tour of Europe and the UK. Northlane announced that they would curate their own festival called FREE YOUR MIND, with the first tour taking place in May 2014 in Australia. Northlane headlined the festival with support from Thy Art Is Murder, Veil Of Maya, Volumes and Make Them Suffer. All dates on the tour sold out in advance. Northlane appeared on the cover of Blunt Magazine in the April edition prior to Free Your Mind. It was after this tour that Northlane became activists and heavily supported many charities including The Smith Family by donating used drums sticks and guitars

</doc>
<doc id="36752977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752977" title="Karin Neugebauer">
Karin Neugebauer

Karin Neugebauer (born 5 December 1955 in Leipzig) is a retired German freestyle swimmer. At the age of 13 she won the gold medal in the 800 m freestyle event at the 1969 Junior European Aquatics Championships in Vienna, and repeated this achievement in the next year at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships. However, shortly thereafter she retired from competitive swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="36752981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752981" title="Yasuharu Chujo">
Yasuharu Chujo

Yasuharu Chujo is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category S12 events.
Yasuharu competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics as part of the Japanese swimming team. He was part of the squad that broke the world record in the 4x100m medley winning the gold medal. Individually he had less success finishing last in his heat of the 200m medley and 100m butterfly he also finished last in the final of the 100m breaststroke and 100m backstroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36752985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752985" title="Erika Nara">
Erika Nara

Erika Nara is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category S6 events.
Erika was part of the Japanese team that broke the world record in the 4x50m freestyle at the 2000 Summer Paralympics, at the same games she also finished fourth in the 100m freestyle, sixth in the 400m freestyle and finished fifth in her heat of the 50m butterfly. She was again at the Paralympics in 2004 where she was again part of the Japanese 4x50m freestyle team that broke the world record and finished third as part of the Japanese squad in the 4x50m medley, she also won bronze medals in both the 50m and 100m freestyle, finished fourth in the 400m freestyle and finished last in the 50m butterfly. In 2008 she finished sixth in the 50m and 100m freestyle and eighth in the 400m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36752991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752991" title="Gole Afroz">
Gole Afroz

Begum Gole Afroz (, born 1947) is a Bangladeshi socialite and member of the prominent Singranatore family, the wife of politician M. M. Rahmat Ullah. She is the oldest daughter of Gulbadan Begum of Natore, the oldest child of Jalaluddin Mirza and her husband Shamez Uddin Ahmed.
Biography.
The princely House of Singra and Natore ("Singranatore Zamindari") was a formerly ruling family who were hereditary lords ("Zamindars") in the northwestern region of Rajshahi in erstwhile East Bengal in the area of present day Singra, Bangladesh. In 1950, the State Acquisition Act was adopted by the erstwhile democratic Government of East Pakistan, abolishing the rights of the feudal ruling families. The Singranatores, who served as vassals to the Maharajas of Natore and Maharajas of Dighapatia also produced many politicians and influentials, the Honourable Junaid Pollock, dubbed the "youngest elected lawmaker of Bangladesh" is a distant cousin. Other members of her family served as the Aide-de-camp to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Aides to the military dictators in the 1980s and 1990s.
In 1991, after former military dictator General Ershad stepped down as the President of Bangladesh, her husband, politician MM Rahmatullah, former Chief Engineer of the Public Works Department and later the Chairman of the Capital Development Authority was charged in the infamous Janata Tower Case and named the third defendant after the President and the former First Lady (and Member of Parliament) by the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. He was later acquitted when the Judge agreed that the case was filed on political grounds by the newly elected ruling party.
Legacy.
The Gole Afroz College, the first public college in Singra (now under the Government of Bangladesh) was named in her honor during the provincial government of East Pakistan in 1970. After the devastating war of 1971, a private college, the Rahmat Iqbal College was set up and named her second born son.

</doc>
<doc id="36752994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752994" title="Takako Fujita">
Takako Fujita

Takako Fujita is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category S5 events.
Takako was part of the highly successful Japanese 4x50m freestyle at both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Paralympics that not only won gold medals but also on both occasions broke the world record. At the 2004 games she also swam in the 50m freestyle finishing last in her heat, finished eighth in the 100m and 200m freestyle finals. At the 2004 games she also won a bronze in the 4x50m medley finished last in her heat of the 50m, 100m and 200m freestyle and 50m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36752997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36752997" title="Indonesia at the 2012 Asian Beach Games">
Indonesia at the 2012 Asian Beach Games

Indonesia competed at the 2012 Asian Beach Games held in Haiyang, China from June 16 to 22, 2012.
Indonesia sent 106 athletes which competed in 8 sports.

</doc>
<doc id="36753000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753000" title="Plagiochasma (plant)">
Plagiochasma (plant)

Plagiochasma is a liverwort genus in the family Aytoniaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="36753006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753006" title="Plagiochasma">
Plagiochasma

Plagiochasma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753019" title="2012 Sucrogen Townsville 400">
2012 Sucrogen Townsville 400

The 2012 Sucrogen Townsville 400 was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars. It was the seventh event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 6–8 July at the Townsville Street Circuit, in Townsville, Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="36753022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753022" title="LFL World Bowl">
LFL World Bowl

The Lingerie Football League World Bowl will be an international American football competition contested by the champions of four women's 7-on-7 tackle leagues: Legends Football League, LFL Canada, LFL Australia, and LFL Europe. It will take place every four years. The inaugural tournament is scheduled be held in São Paulo, Brazil on July 19, 2014, while the two winners of the games will play against each other a day later.

</doc>
<doc id="36753044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753044" title="KENCOM House">
KENCOM House

KENCOM House is a commercial building facing the Hilton hotel located in Nairobi's Central business district at the junction of Moi Avenue and City Hall Way. It serves as the headquarters for the Kenya Commercial Bank and several governmental and non-governmental organisations. There is a bus stage adjacent to this building known as KENCOM bus stage that serves different routes to the Nairobi environs.

</doc>
<doc id="36753080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753080" title="Gulbadan Begum of Natore">
Gulbadan Begum of Natore

Gulbadan Begum (; 1923, Hulhulia, Natore – May 8, 2005, Dhaka) was a Bengali social worker, and former head of the princely Singranatore family, the eldest daughter of Jalaluddin Mirza, the Zamindar of Natore.
Biography.
Born in 1923 in the Bengal Presidency of the British Empire, she was named after her distant ancestor Princess Gulbadan Begum by her grandfather, "zamindar" (lord) Mirza Zafar of Natore. Her younger sister, who married a "Sardar" (regional chief) of Natore was named Gulchehra Begum after Princess Gulchehra Begum. 
She was educated privately and in her teenage years she was married to Mullah Shamez Uddin Ahmed, the erstwhile Qadi of Natore and descendant of Mullah Shah Badakhshi. Her husband died in 1968 before the war of 1971. She had six children that survived to adulthood. 
She died on May 8, 2005 at Army Cantonment and is buried at the Singranatore estate. At the end of 2005, following relinquishing command of the Bangladesh Army and upon military retirement, her third son (second surviving) Sahibzada Colonel Muhammad Shahid Sarwar Azam Shah Jahan assumed headship of the Singranatore family.

</doc>
<doc id="36753117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753117" title="Plagiochasma (echinoderm)">
Plagiochasma (echinoderm)

Plagiochasma is an extinct echinoderm genus in the family Pygaulidae.
Species includes:

</doc>
<doc id="36753149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753149" title="Kakavand tribe">
Kakavand tribe

The Kakavand tribe is a tribe that lives in Kordestan, Qazvin, Kermanshah, and Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="36753150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753150" title="Mytilus coruscus">
Mytilus coruscus

Mytilus coruscus, common name the Korean mussel or the hard-shelled mussel, is a species of mussel, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae. This species is heavily exploited as a food item via mariculture in Korea and in China.
Distribution and habitat.
This species inhabits the coasts of the subtropical western Pacific Ocean. It is found in the Yellow Sea and the Sea of Japan, as far north as the Peter the Great Gulf. This mussel generally inhabits the upper part of the sublittoral zone. "M. coruscus" has also been found on debris near Vancouver Island, suspected to be from the 2011 Tōhoku tsunami.

</doc>
<doc id="36753152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753152" title="Disability classification in lawn bowls">
Disability classification in lawn bowls

Bowls classification is the classification system for lawn bowls where players with a disability are classified into different categories based on their disability type. Classifications exist for blind bowlers. Bowls was played at the Paralympics.
Definition.
Bowls has rules that were designed specifically with people with disabilities in mind. Classifications for this sport are based on functional mobility. The blind classifications are based on medical classification, not functional classification.
History.
The visual impairment classification was part of the 1994 Commonwealth Games. Several classes in this sport were included in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
At the Paralympic Games.
Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics.Bowls has dropped at the 1992 Summer Paralympics,returning on 1996 Summer Paralympics,and dropped again in 2000 Summer Paralympics,blind, wheelchair and amputee disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on wheelchair and blindness. The sport was not on the Paralympic programme as of 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36753158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753158" title="DJK Waldberg">
DJK Waldberg

The DJK Waldberg is a German association football club from the village of Waldberg, near Sandberg, Bavaria.
The club's most notable achievement was qualifying for the first round of the German Cup, the DFB-Pokal, in 1997–98 where it lost 1–16 to FC Bayern Munich in front of 35,500. "Waldberg's" defeat is, as of 2012, still the highest of any club in the German Cup.
History.
Formed in 1953 the club played in the lower amateur leagues for the most part of its history.
DJK Waldberg won promotion to the Bezirksliga Unterfranken-Ost in 1987 but was unable to qualify for the new Bezirksoberliga Unterfranken in 1987–88, finishing twelfth. "DJK" quickly improved, coming fifth in the following year, followed by a league championship and promotion in 1989–90.
In the Bezirksoberliga Unterfranken the club finished tenth in its first year followed by a twelfth place in 1991–92. The team's third season there however proved to be its best, coming second and earning promotion to the tier five Landesliga Bayern-Nord.
For the next eight season the club played in the Landesliga, initially as a mid-table side. In 1997 the team finished fifth in the league, its best performance so far, but also managed to win the local cup competition, the Lower Franconian Cup, and to qualify for the first round of the German Cup.
The club drew FC Bayern Munich as its opposition for the first round and decided to play its home game in Nuremberg to be able to attract more spectators. In front of 35,500 "DJK" was soundly defeated, 1–16, which is still the record defeat in a German Cup match. In the game, Carsten Jancker scored five goals against "Waldberg", equalising an all-time scoring record he would improve to six goals in 2004 in 1. FC Kaiserslautern's 15–0 defeat of FC Schönberg 95.
In the league the club continued to improve, finishing fourth in 1997–98 and second in 1998–99. This result allowed the club to take part in the promotion round to the Bayernliga were it was however unsuccessful and had to remain in the Landesliga. The following season "Waldberg" came only eleventh. The club decided during the 2000–01 season in the Landesliga to withdraw to the lower amateur leagues again and not to play out the season.
The club rose to Bezirksliga level again by 2004, playing for a season in the Bezirksliga Unterfranken-Ost before this league became the Bezirksliga Unterfranken 2. It remained at this level until 2010 when it was relegated back to the Kreisliga. Until 2014 the club played in the tier eight Kreisliga Rhön, finishing 16th in the 2013–14 season and being relegated to the Kreisklasse.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
DFB Cup appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup just once, in 1997:

</doc>
<doc id="36753170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753170" title="Aloo gosht">
Aloo gosht

Aloo gosht () is a meat curry in Pakistani and North Indian cuisine. It consists of potatoes ("aloo") cooked with meat ("gosht"), usually lamb or mutton, in a stew-like shorba gravy. The dish can be served and eaten with plain rice or with bread such as roti, paratha or naan.
History.
It is a favorite and common dish in Pakistani meals and is commonly consumed as a comfort food.
Preparation.
There are various methods of cooking aloo gosht. Generally, the preparation method involves cooking lamb pieces over medium heat with various spices, simmered with potatoes. To prepare, a specified quantity of lamb meat (cut into chunks) is first added. Tomatoes, along with cinnamon, bay leaves, ginger, garlic, red chili powder, cumin seeds, fried onions, black cardamom, garam masala and cooking oil are added and stirred. Potatoes and salt are applied and mixed. Water is also added, in a proportion that is enough to cover the meat, and the dish is heated until it is brought to the boil. The aloo gosht is covered and left to simmer until the meat becomes tender. Once ready, it may be garnished with chopped coriander and served hot.

</doc>
<doc id="36753172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753172" title="Wheelchair racquetball classification">
Wheelchair racquetball classification

Disability racquetball classification is the medical based classification system developed to allow fair competition between racquetball players with different disability types and against able-bodied competitors. Internationally and in Canada, this classification system only allows only wheelchair users to be eligible to compete. In contrast, the United States classification system covers wheelchair users and people with vision impairments, with different classes inside these disability types.
Internationally, the sport is governed by the International Racquetball Federation, with national governing bodies also dealing with classification including the United States Racquetball Association and Racquetball Canada. Rules for the sport were developed by the 1980s, and integration with the able-bodied side occurred by 1990 when able-bodied and wheelchair competitors competed in the same world championships. Inclusion was challenged in a court in United States in 1995. While the sport was never a full Paralympic one, it was a demonstration sport at the 1996 Summer Paralympics.
Classification is handled by the IRF Committee for Athletes with Disabilities who have the ability to screen or rescreen competitors for inclusion in the classification at their discretion. There are rule modifications that differ for wheelchair users and vision impaired users.
Definition.
Classification systems for disability sport were designed to allow fair levels of competition for competitors with different types of disability, with the sport utilising a medical classification system. Competitors with ambulatory disabilities are able to compete against their able-bodied counterparts as a result of classification. Internationally and in Canada, there is one classification eligible for participation: wheelchair users. They must have a permanent disability that requires them to use a wheelchair, and may not be able to compete using rules for able-bodied players because of their disability. In Canada, there have been different classes of competition inside wheelchair racquetball, with A and B at the 1989 Canadian Racquetball Championships.
For racquetball in the United States, wheelchair and vision impairment racquetball are both recognised with their own classification. For players with vision impairments, three classes exist: B1, B2 and B3. B1 allows for competitors who are totally blind or having some light perception, while B2 allows for competitors with vision range that allows them to recognise hand movement to 20/600 corrected, and B3 allows for competitors with vision impairments from 20/600 to 20/200 corrected. Deaf racquetball has also been organised in the United States, with players being eligible if their hearing loss is 55 db or greater and sorted into divisions based on ability, age and gender.
Governance.
Globally, two organisations were involved with governing the sport during the 1990s. They included the International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation (ISMWSF)’s Racquetball Di-vision and the Committee for Athletes with Disabilities – International Racquetball Federation (IRF). Subsequently the International Racquetball Federation has taken over the governance of the sport internationally, but only in terms of wheelchair racquetball and only recognising one classification.
A set of wheelchair racquetball rules have been endorsed and are included in the official racquetball rules published by the United States Racquetball Association. These rules are included in the same ruleset used by able-bodied competitors. American Amateur Racquetball Association has also developed and governs a classification system that was used in the 1990s. The National Wheelchair Racquetball Association, who existed by 1985, was over seen by the AARA in the 1990s. National Racquetball Assocition of the Deaf is the governing body for deaf racquetball in the United States, and is based around rules set out by the United States Racquetball Association.
In Canada, classification is handled by Racquetball Canada, where they recognise one wheelchair class and no vision impairment classes. The organisation has been involved with wheelchair players since the 1980s. Racquetball Ireland makes no provisions for intellectual disabilities, wheelchair users, deaf and vision impaired people in their September 2011 rules, and England Squash and Racketball is the same for their rules dated April 2009.
History.
Rules for the sport date back to the 1980s. In 1985, the Canadian national championships were integrated, including both able-bodied and non-able bodied athletes in the same event. In 1990, the sport became the first one to integrate the world championships for able-bodied competitors with non-able bodied competitors. During the 1990s, racquetball was one of the sports that people with disabilities were most likely to play. In the United States in 1995, a wheelchair user brought suit against a racquetball league after he was unable to compete against top level players with a modified two bounce rule, citing the Americans With Disabilities Act and alleging a violation of Title III of the law. The court ruled in the favour of the league, citing that the rule modification for a wheelchair user would fundamentally change the rules of the game. Classification for wheelchair sport on the Paralympic level was being organised by the ISMWSF and included all types of wheelchair users. Despite these changes to sport governance, racquetball has never been included on the Paralympic progreamme as a full medal sport, though it was a demonstration sport at the 1996 Summer Paralympics.
Process, rules and equipment.
Classification is handled by the IRF Committee for Athletes with Disabilities who have the ability to screen or rescreen competitors for inclusion in the classification at their discretion.
The standard rules for racquetball are generally used, with some exceptions for wheelchair users. The ball is allowed to bounce twice except in the division that allows more than two bounces. The wheelchair is considered part of the body as applies to ball contact. Additional specific rules include the requirement that only the wheelchair wheels may be used to support the player: hands and feed cannot be used. The player must remain in the wheelchair at all times. The divisions that wheelchair users compete in are also different from able-bodied competitors.
There are few restrictions on the type of mobility assisting equipment used by wheelchair competitors except that it cannot interfere with the movement of the other player. Players in wheelchair classes may chose to compete with roller bars attached to their chair, or have non-marking tires positioned under their footrest.
In competitions sanctioned inside the United States, when doubles matches are being played with partners from different classes, the pair competes in the division for the higher functioning pairs partner. The rules have been modified for players with vision impairments, allowing players to attempt to hit the ball until the "ball has been touched." or "The ball has stopped bouncing." or "The ball has passed the short line after touching the back wall." The rules for deaf competitors are the same when competing against able-bodied competitors, with the deaf classification applying only for eligibility in deaf only events. The National Racquetball Association of the Deaf uses a version of the rules set out by the United States Racquetball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36753195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753195" title="Touriya Jabrane">
Touriya Jabrane

Touriya Jabrane ( – born Saadia Kraytif ; 16 October 1952, Casablanca) is a Moroccan theatre director, actress and politician. Between 2007 and 2009, she held the position of Minister of Culture in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.

</doc>
<doc id="36753200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753200" title="Sandro Damilano">
Sandro Damilano

Sandro Damilano (Scarnafigi, 24 February 1950) is an Italian athletics coach.
He is the brother of the Italian twin race walker, Maurizio and Giorgio, which began to coached in the mid-1970s.
Biography.
He was the coach of the Italy national athletics team until 2011, he coached Italian champion Elisabetta Perrone, Erica Alfridi, Giovanni De Benedictis and after also Alex Schwazer. In 2012 he is the coach of the Chinese national of race walking.
He is one of the coaches of the Saluzzo Race Walking School, created by the town of Saluzzo in 2002, the school is also the center for the diffusion of fitwalking and training center of international race walking.

</doc>
<doc id="36753205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753205" title="Anthony Semrani">
Anthony Semrani

Anthony Semrani is an Australian rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36753207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753207" title="Playhouse on the Square">
Playhouse on the Square

Playhouse on the Square is a regional theatre company located in Memphis, Tennessee. It is owned by Circuit Playhouse, Inc., which operates two other Memphis theaters. While it has its own resident company of professional actors, auditions are still frequently open to the public. The theater has 347 seats on two levels, an orchestra and balcony with boxes, as well as a rooftop terrace, which is open during shows and rented out for private events.
Buildings.
Since its founding, Circuit Playhouse, Inc. has acquired multiple theaters in Memphis.
New Building.
In January 2010, architect John Morris designed a new building for Playhouse on the Square, located at 66 S. Cooper St., just across from the previous (now The Circuit Playhouse) theater. The new building, which cost 12.5 million dollars and includes a 340-seat theater and rehearsal space is connected to an office building which houses various internal theater projects, as well as headquarters for nonprofit arts organizations such as Project Green Fork, Indie Memphis, and others. Indie Memphis also uses the theater at Playhouse on the Square for its yearly film festival. The money to create the theater was raised through a series of campaigns, the most notable of which was the "Breaking New Ground" capital campaign, which raised most of the money needed to build the new theater.
The Circuit Playhouse.
The Circuit Playhouse is a 218-seat theater located at 51 S. Cooper St., mainly used for smaller productions. 
TheatreWorks.
TheatreWorks is a building one block west of The Circuit Playhouse originally built to house a variety of small performance groups unable to afford quarters of their own. Now, it serves as "a non-profit tax exempt organization committed to providing and managing low cost office, rehearsal, and performance space for emerging artists and performing arts groups who share the facilities." There are now two buildings under its operation: the original building at 2085 Monroe Ave., and The Evergreen Theatre at 1705 Poplar Ave. (former location of The Circuit Playhouse).
Programs & Outreach.
Circuit Playhouse, Inc. maintains several education and outreach programs. The Circuit Playhouse is also home to the Summer Youth Theatre Conservatory, a summer program for children who are interested in learning more about the career of acting.

</doc>
<doc id="36753209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753209" title="Love Divine">
Love Divine

Love Divine (foaled 12 February 1997) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Epsom Oaks in 2000. In a racing career which lasted from August 2000 to June 2001 the filly ran six times and won two races. After being beaten in her only race as a two-year-old, Love Divine won the Listed Lupe Stakes on her three-year-old debut and then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom. She was beaten in her three remaining races, finishing second in the Yorkshire Oaks and fourth in both the Prix Vermeille and the Champion Stakes.
Background.
Love Divine is a bay mare owned and bred by Trevor Harris's Lordship Stud in Newmarket, Suffolk. Her sire Diesis won the rare double of the Middle Park Stakes and the Dewhurst Stakes in 1982, before becoming an “excellent” breeding stallion, producing the winners of at least 25 Group One races including Halling, Diminuendo and Elmaamul. Love Divine's dam, La Sky finished second in the Lancashire Oaks and was a half-sister of the Champion Stakes winner Legal Case.
The filly, who was named after the popular hymn by Charles Wesley, was sent into training with Henry Cecil at his Warren Place stable in Newmarket and was ridden in five of her six races by Richard Quinn.
Racing career.
Love Divine made only one appearance as a two-year-old, starting 6/5 favourite for a seven furlong maiden race at Doncaster Racecourse in November. Ridden by the veteran jockey Pat Eddery, she led briefly in the straight before finishing second, two and a half lengths behind the winner Hopeful Light.
In early 2000, Love Divine was affected by a viral infection which disrupted her training and prevented her from running in the early trial races. She did not appear again on a racecourse until 24 May 2000, two weeks before the Oaks, when she ran in the Listed Lupe Stakes over ten furlongs at Goodwood. Richard Quinn positioned the filly at the back of the six-runner field before moving forward in the straight. She took the lead a quarter of the mile from the finish and drew clear of her opponents to win by four lengths from the favourite Spinning Top. Following this performance, Love Divine's owners paid a supplementary entry fee of £15,000 to run the filly in the Oaks. At Epsom on 9 June, Love Divine started 9/4 favourite for the Oaks ahead of the Musidora Stakes winner Kalypso Katie, and Petrushka, the beaten favourite in the 1000 Guineas. In a slowly run race, Quinn placed the filly among the leaders from the start and turned into the straight in second place behind Lady Upstage. Two furlongs from the finish, Love Divine went to the front and opened up a clear lead. despite hanging slightly to the right, she ran on strongly in the closing stages to win by two lengths from Kalypso Katie, Melikah and Petrushka. The win gave Henry Cecil a fourth Oaks win in five years and was a second Classic success for Quinn, who had recently taken over from Kieran Fallon as the Warren Place stable jockey. After the race, Cecil described the winner as a very good filly who had done well to recover from the illness he described as "that lung thing". A recurrence of her earlier health problems meant that Love Divine was unable to race again for more than two months.
The Yorkshire Oaks at York in August saw Love Divine matched the 1999 Champion Filly Ramruma, with Petrushka, who had won the Irish Oaks in the interim, also in the field. The meeting of the three outstanding fillies was highly anticipated as one of the "races of the season". Love Divine moved past Ramruma to take the lead in the straight but was overtaken by Petrushka a furlong from the finish and was beaten one and a quarter lengths. Love Divine was then sent to France to contest the Prix Vermeille at Longchamp in September. She led the field early in the straight but weakened in the closing stages to finish fourth, three and three quarter lengths behind the winner Volvoreta. On her final appearance returned to England and was brought back in distance for the Champion Stakes over ten furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse in October. Racing against colts for the first time she finished fourth of the fifteen runners behind Kalanisi, Montjeu and Distant Music.
It was intended that Love Divine would race as a four-year-old, but was retired on veterinary advice in November 2000 after developing problems with her fetlocks.
Assessment and honours.
In the 2000 International Classification (the forerunner of the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings), Love Divine was given a rating of 120, making her the equal sixth best three-year-old filly in the world (and the fourth best in Europe), six pounds below the top-rated Egyptband.
The independent Timeform organisation gave Love Divine a rating of 120.
Stud record.
Love Divine was retired to become a broodmare for the Lordship Stud. Her second foal was Sixties Icon, sired by Galileo who won six Group races including the St Leger Stakes in 2006.
2002
2003 Sixties Icon (GB) : Bay colt, foaled 16 February, by Galileo (IRE) - Won 8 races including G1 St Leger Stakes, Doncaster; G2 Jockey Club Stakes, Newmarket; G3 Gordon Stakes, Goodwood; G3 Glorious Stakes, Goodwood; G3 Geoffrey Freer Stakes, Newbury; G3 Cumberland Lodge Stakes, Ascot; LR Festival Stakes, Goodwood in England 2006-8
2004 Kissing (GB) : Chesnut filly, foaled 25 February, by Grand Lodge (USA) - won once from three starts in England 2007
2006 Native Ruler (GB) : Bay colt, foaled 19 March, by Cape Cross (IRE) - winner and 2nd G2 Jockey Club Stakes, Newmarket and 4th G2 Yorkshire Cup, York in England 2009-11
2010 Hamelin (IRE) : Bay colt, foaled 31 March, by Cape Cross (IRE) - won 2 races in England 2013
2011 Touch The Sky (GB) : Brown colt, foaled 1 April, by Sea The Stars (IRE) - fourth once from 2 starts in England 2013

</doc>
<doc id="36753218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753218" title="Alexander Davison (disambiguation)">
Alexander Davison (disambiguation)

Alexander Davison was a businessman.
Alexander or Alex Davison may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753231" title="Plagiochasma intermedium">
Plagiochasma intermedium

Plagiochasma intermedium is a liverwort species in the genus "Plagiochasma" found in China.
Riccardin C, a macrocyclic bis(bibenzyl), can be found in "P. intermedium".

</doc>
<doc id="36753245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753245" title="2013 in Japanese television">
2013 in Japanese television

Events in 2013 in Japanese television.

</doc>
<doc id="36753246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753246" title="Townsville 400">
Townsville 400

The Townsville 400 is an annual motor racing event for V8 Supercars, held on the streets of Townsville, Queensland. The event is made up of two seventy-two lap races of the Townsville Street Circuit, toallying four hundred kilometres in length. It has been held since 2009, when it was known as the "Dunlop Townsville 400". The event is currently known as the "Sucrogen Townsville 400" due to naming rights sponsorship from Sucrogen.

</doc>
<doc id="36753261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753261" title="Chaffyn">
Chaffyn

Chaffyn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753270" title="Thomas Chaffyn">
Thomas Chaffyn

Thomas Chaffyn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753282" title="Mysterious Press">
Mysterious Press

Mysterious Press is an American publishing imprint. Mysterious Press was founded in 1975 by Otto Penzler, and sold in 1989 to Warner Books, which was then bought by Hachette in 2005. Penzler re-acquired the name in 2011 and it became part of Grove/Atlantic, Inc., without any of the previous imprint's back titles. 

</doc>
<doc id="36753287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753287" title="Jonas Vangenechten">
Jonas Vangenechten

Jonas Vangenechten (born 16 September 1986) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team .

</doc>
<doc id="36753296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753296" title="Thomas Chaffyn (died 1558)">
Thomas Chaffyn (died 1558)

Thomas Chaffyn (by 1498-1558), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1529.
His son, Thomas Chaffyn, was also an MP for Salisbury and Heytesbury.

</doc>
<doc id="36753298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753298" title="Franklin Park (race track)">
Franklin Park (race track)

Franklin Park also known as the Franklin Trotting Park, Franklin Driving Park, Old Saugus Race Course, and the Old Saugus Race Track was an American Harness racing track located in Saugus, Massachusetts.
Early years.
Franklin Park opened in 1859 on the Boyton Estate. It consisted of a one mile track, new stables, and a hotel. It was constructed at an expense of $50,000.
Reopening.
After sitting idle for almost a decade, Franklin Park was reopened by a group from Lynn, Massachusetts in 1884. That year a stable containing 100 15 by 12 box stalls, a judge's stand, and a new hotel were erected. Three years later, the track was renovated and a grandstand and a number of new stalls were built. The track was renovated again in 1889 when it was taken over O.S. Roberts. Less than a year later, Franklin Park was purchased by eighteen of Roberts's creditors, who formed a syndicate called the Franklin Association of Lynn. It was later purchased by the Brighton Beach Racing Association, owner of Brighton Beach Race Course. The BBRA leased out Franklin Park to local managers.
Closure.
Although the track attracted many affluent citizens, it also attracted some seedier elements. In 1898 the New England Society for the Suppression of Vice alleged that illegal gambling activities were taking place at Franklin Park. In 1905, the race track closed after local citizens complained about the questionable patrons that the racetrack attracted. Races that were to be held in Saugus in 1906 were moved to Albany, New York.
Later use.
After it closed, the race track was used to host fairs, field days, picnics, motorcycle races, bonfires, and circuses and the hotel became a private residence. Due to its remote location, Franklin Park was frequently used as a dumping ground.
In 1911 the property became an airfield and was used by pioneer aviators Harry Atwood, Ruth Bancroft Law, and Lincoln J. Beachey.
In 1932 the track reopened as an auto racing facility. It closed the following year.
After Massachusetts legalized pari-mutuel wagering in 1934, a group of area businessmen and government officials led by Henry A. B. Peckham, John J. Mullen, Charles Friend, Harold Dodge, Frederick Willis, William Landergan, and James E. McElroy attempted to bring horse racing back to the site. Mullen even arranged a meeting with his friend Governor Joseph B. Ely in an attempt to get his assistance. Ely refused to express any opinion on the matter and stated that the matter was for the Racing Commission to decide.
In 1940, property owner Godfrey Lowell Cabot offered the site to the United States Navy for use as the location of its main New England dirigible base. In 1948 he donated the land to Northeastern University. In 1950 a proposal was made to construct a $5 million gasoline storage plant on the site.
In 1970 developer George W. Page and property owner Martin DeMatteo presented the Board of Selectmen with a plan to build a 60,000 seat stadium on the property. The plan was opposed by conservationists who objected to building a stadium on Rumney Marsh. It was abandoned when the Boston Patriots chose Foxborough, Massachusetts as the location of their new stadium.
Since 1990, the property has been owned by the Department of Conservation and Recreation (formerly the Metropolitan District Commission).

</doc>
<doc id="36753304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753304" title="Nadia Santini">
Nadia Santini

Nadia Santini is an Italian chef, best known for her restaurant Dal Pescatore, in Canneto sull'Oglio, Lombardy which has held three Michelin stars since 1996.
Biography.
Santini was taught to cook at a young age by her future husband's great grandmother, Teresa. She has a cooking philosophy around the idea of a small restaurant, saying "'I think it is impossible for a woman to run a kitchen that serves 100 people. I can't give my heart to a dish if I am cooking for more than 30." 
Her restaurant Dal Pescatore is located in the hamlet of Canneto sull'Oglio in Lombardy, Italy. The restaurant is an extended trattoria, and was originally opened by Santini's husband's great grandparents in the 1910s. Nadia took over the running of the restaurant alongside her husband in 1974. In 1996, the restaurant was awarded three Michelin stars, with Santini becoming the first female chef in Italy to earn that level of accolade.
In 2010, German filmmaker Lutz Hachmeister created a television documentary called "Three Stars", which Santini starred in amongst other chefs from Michelin starred restaurants. Her appearance in the documentary stood out, being described by critics as a "radiant personality and gentle, Old World approach to the nurturing of recipes, colleagues, and clientele provide the counterpoint to frenetic, confrontational kitchens run by scientist-chefs".
Santini has been highly regarded by other chefs, including French chef Anne-Sophie Pic who described her as "extraordinary" and an inspiration, and British chef Angela Hartnett has described Santini as one of her "heroes". 
This year saw Nadia being christened 2013 Veuve Clicquot World's Best Female chef from The World's 50 Best Restaurants by "Restaurant" magazine.
Personal life.
Santini is married to her husband Antonio, who also works in Santini's restaurant but in reception rather than the kitchen. They met whilst at the University of Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="36753307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753307" title="Thomas Chaffyn (died 1559)">
Thomas Chaffyn (died 1559)

Thomas Chaffyn (by 1519-1559) was an English politician.
Family.
Chaffyn was the son of Salisbury MP Thomas Chaffyn. He married Sybil South, the daughter of Salisbury MP, Robert South.
Career.
In 1547, he was Mayor of Salisbury. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Heytesbury in November 1554 and Salisbury in 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36753313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753313" title="Sledge racing classification">
Sledge racing classification

Paralympic sledge racing classification is the classification system for sledge racing that is based on functional mobility related to how people sit in a sled.
Definition.
Classification is based on how a person sits in their sled. The classification system used is a functional mobility based one.
Governance.
While the CP-ISRA has an interest in the sport because it is open to people with cerebral palsy, it is not governed by them.
History.
Prior to 1988, the classification assessment process generally involved a medical exam to determine the classification. The change in winter disability sport classification towards a more formal functional classification system happened more quickly as a result of changes being made in wheelchair basketball classification that started in 1983. The sport was one sports people with disabilities were more likely to participate in during the 1990s.
At the Paralympic Games.
At the 1976 Winter Paralympics, only amputee competitors were included at the Games in full medal sports. This sport was a demonstration sport for spinal paralysis classes. At the 1980 Winter Paralympics, this was only one of two sports open to athletes with lower limb paralysis classifications. At the 1992 Winter Paralympics, wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with two classification types.
The sport was not on the Paralympic programme as of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36753319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753319" title="Message (Vivid song)">
Message (Vivid song)

"FAKE" is the fourth major and eighth overall single released by ViViD. The single was released in three versions: two limited edition CD+DVD editions (A+B), and a regular CD only edition that comes with the B-side song "vanity". The limited A edition comes with a DVD of the title song's music video and making of; the limited B edition contains the title song's music video and a bonus video titled "SUGIO NO ViViD.

</doc>
<doc id="36753323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753323" title="Charles Bulkeley">
Charles Bulkeley

Charles Bulkeley (by 1493-1549/1550), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1542.

</doc>
<doc id="36753324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753324" title="Gertrud Herrbruck">
Gertrud Herrbruck

Gertrud Herrbruck (born 27 July 1926 in Pirmasens) is a retired German backstroke swimmer who won a silver medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and finished sixth in the same event. She won several German Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36753327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753327" title="Fitwalking">
Fitwalking

Fitwalking is the act of walking with a speed at the upper end of the natural range for the walking gait, typically 7 to 9 km/h (4.5 to 5.5 mph), and is a non-competitive sport. Both feet can raise from the ground at any time, in contrast to power walking.
Racewalking is the competitive version of fitwalking, and is present at the Olympics, with three different events: 50 km men, 20 km women and 20 km men.
Benefits and development.
Fitwalking is considered a useful discipline for injury prevention.
Former Olympic champion Maurizio Damilano, creator of the name and of a method of fitwalking, has contributed to the development of the discipline in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36753333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753333" title="Nils Mathisen">
Nils Mathisen

Nils Mathisen (born 24 January 1959 in Sandefjord, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (Keyboards, Violin, guitar and bass) and Composer, known from significant efforts cabaret and musicals. Mathisen has released two solo albums, and contributed to releases by Jan Werner, Elisabeth Andreassen, Elg and Arild Nyquist. He is the brother of Jazz musicians Per Mathisen (bass), Hans Mathisen (guitar) and Ole Mathisen (saxophone and clarinet).
Career.
Mathisen was educated "Melsomvik Landbruksskole" (1981–82) and "Horten Ingeniørhøgskole" (1984–85). He started as professional musician when he was 15 years old.
In his own "Nils Mathisen Band", he play with his brother Hans, and the music in the West Coast Jazz-Rock genre. They released an album on label Mudi, "Pop Coast" (2007), witch had eleven weeks on Norsktoppen.

</doc>
<doc id="36753351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753351" title="Min Nan Wikipedia">
Min Nan Wikipedia

The Min Nan Wikipedia (Pe̍h-ōe-jī) Wikipedia Bân-lâm-gú or Holopedia is the Min Nan edition of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. It is the second largest Wikipedia in a variety of Chinese, after the Cantonese Wikipedia. Written in Pe̍h-ōe-jī, it mainly uses the Taiwanese dialect.
History.
The Min Nan Wikipedia was founded as an independent project known Holopedia (a reference to Hō-ló-oē, a colloquial name for the Min Nan dialect) by Wikipedians Pektiong and Kaihsu in 2003. A request was then made at the Wikimedia Foundation's Meta-Wiki to create the Wikipedia project for this language.
ISO code.
At the time of creation there was no ISO 639 code for Min Nan, so the founders decided to use “zh-min-nan” that had been registered as an IETF language tag. Now there is an ISO code for Min Nan, nan, and the domain http://nan.wikipedia.org redirects to http://zh-min-nan.wikipedia.org/.
The Min Nan Wikipedia is one of only two Wikipedia having two hyphens in the code, the other being "be-x-old".

</doc>
<doc id="36753361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753361" title="Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine">
Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine

Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine () is a government-owned research institute in Ukraine that carries out basic research and trains highly qualified professionals in the field of mathematics. It was founded on 13 February 1934.
Notable research results.
The perturbation theory of toroidal invariant manifolds of dynamical systems was developed here by academician M. M. Bogolyubov, Yu. O. Mitropolsky, academician of the NAS of Ukraine and the Russian Academy of Sciences, and A. M. Samoilenko, academician of the NAS of Ukraine. The theory's methods are used to investigate oscillation processes in broad classes of applied problems, in particular, the phenomena of passing through resonance and various bifurcations and synchronizations.
Sharkovsky’s order theorem was devised by its author while he worked for the Institute. It became the basis for the theory of one-dimensional dynamical systems that enabled the study of chaotic evolutions in deterministic systems, and, in particular, of ‘ideal turbulence’.
The school of the NAS academician Yu. M. Berezansky constructed the theory of generalized functions of infinitely many variables on the basis of spectral approach and operators of generalized translation.
The school of the NAS academician A. V. Skorokhod investigated a broad range of problems related to random processes and stochastic differential equations.
Heuristic methods of phase lumping of complex systems were validated, important results in queuing theory and reliability theory were obtained, and a series of limit theorems for semi-Markov processes were proved by V. S. Korolyuk, academician of the NAS of Ukraine. He has also constructed the Poisson approximation for stochastic homogeneous additive functional with semi-Markov switching.
Publications.
The Institute publishes several scientific journals: 

</doc>
<doc id="36753368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753368" title="Leader of the Main Opposition of Turkey">
Leader of the Main Opposition of Turkey


</doc>
<doc id="36753369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753369" title="Timo Brauer">
Timo Brauer

Timo Brauer (born 30 May 1990) is a German footballer. He currently plays for Hamburger SV II.

</doc>
<doc id="36753371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753371" title="Zürich 1934 chess tournament">
Zürich 1934 chess tournament

Zürich 1934 was an international chess tournament held in Zürich from 14 to 29 July 1934 to commemorate the 125th anniversary of Schachgesellschaft Zürich (the Zürich Chess Society). Alexander Alekhine won, followed by Max Euwe and Salo Flohr tied for second-third. The tournament also served as the 1934 Swiss Championship, won by Hans Johner as the highest-ranking Swiss player.
The tournament field.
The tournament pitted seven Swiss players against nine internationals, including six of the world's leading players. The major omissions were José Raúl Capablanca (Cuba) and Samuel Reshevsky (United States). There were no Soviet players either, and they would not return to international competition until the next year. This type of international tournament in which one third to one half of players were from the host country was first used at Moscow 1925, and later at Moscow 1935 and Kemeri 1937.
The tournament field featured the world champion Alexander Alekhine (France), former world champion Emanuel Lasker (Germany), two-time championship challenger Efim Bogoljubov (Germany), future champion Max Euwe (Netherlands), and championship contender Salo Flohr (Czechoslovakia).
Alekhine won with 13/15 points, his only loss being to Euwe who finished tied for second with Flohr at 12. Alekhine again demonstrated his superiority over his contemporaries, although his winning margin of 1 point was much narrower than at Bled 1931 (5½ points) or San Remo 1930 (3½ points).
About a month before the tournament began, Euwe had accepted Alekhine's terms for a championship match to be held in the autumn of the next year. Euwe would win that 1935 World Championship match, becoming the fifth world chess champion. The Czech master Flohr was considered a worthy championship challenger for many years in the 1930s, but the Great Depression and German occupation of Czechoslovakia made it impossible for Flohr to arrange a match. Flohr was leading after 11 rounds, but Alekhine caught up in round 12 when they each had 10 points, a half point ahead of Euwe and a full point ahead of Bogoljubov. Alekhine took the lead in round 13 with a win over Gideon Ståhlberg (Sweden) while Flohr drew with Bogoljubov.
One month earlier Bogoljubov had lost the 1934 World Championship match, his second attempt to challenge Alekhine. At Zurich he finished fourth at 11½, a half point behind Euwe and Flohr. Lasker was returning to competition for the first time since Moscow 1925—a nine-year layoff. Lasker started strong, beginning the tournament with a fine win playing black against Euwe in round 1. After 7 rounds Lasker was tied for the lead with Flohr at 5½ points. At age 65 and being out of practice, Lasker was at a disadvantage in a long tournament and lost in rounds 8, 10 and 12 to Bogoljubov, Nimzowitsch, and Alekhine to finish at a very creditable fifth with 10 points. This was the only time that Alekhine beat Lasker, and the first time that Bogoljubov and Nimzowitsch did so. Earlier in round 5 Ståhlberg and Lasker played for the first time in their careers, with the younger Swede victorious.
Aron Nimzowitsch (Denmark) was formerly a world championship contender, but in 1934 his health was declining and he would die just a year later at age 48. He finished tied for sixth with Ossip Bernstein (France). Bernstein was a tournament veteran who would be in the inaugural group of grandmasters when FIDE created the title in 1950. According to a well-known anecdote, after missing a winning line against Fritz Gygli (Switzerland), Bernstein is reported to have asked "Am I not a chess idiot?" When Lasker agreed, Bernstein had the former world champion sign an affidavit attesting to that fact.
Selected games.
In round 1 Lasker defended a Queen's Gambit Declined against Euwe. After 35. Ng3-e4 (see diagram) Euwe's knight forked Lasker's queen and rook. Lasker turned the tables by trading his queen for a rook, knight and pawn, winning with 35...Qxe5! 36. Nf6+ Qxf6 37. Rxf6 Nxf6 38. Rc1 Ne4 39. Be2 Nd4 40. Bf3 Nxf2 41. Qc4 Nd3 42. Rf1 Ne5 43. Qb4 Nexf3+ 44. gxf3 Ne2+ 45. Kh2 Nf4+ 46. Kh1 R2d4 47. Qe7 Kg7 48. Qc7 R8d5 49. Re1 Rg5 50. Qxc6 Rd8 0–1.
Euwe was again on the white side of a Queen's Gambit Declined in round 5 against Alekhine. Euwe won a pawn and the game with 31. Nf7!. After 31...Kxf7 32. Qh5+ Ke7 33. Rxe6+ Kxe6 34. Re1+ Kd6 35. Qc5+ Kd7 36. Qf5+ Black will be mated. Instead Alekhine gave up a pawn with 31...Qe8 32. Rxe6 Qxe6 33. Nd8 Qe4 34. Nxc6 but was forced to resign on his 53rd move.
In round 12 Alekhine defeated Lasker for the only time in yet another Queen's Gambit Declined. After 25. Nd6-f5+ Kg7-h8 (see diagram), Alekhine forced Lasker to resign at once with 26. Qxg6! as Black has no defense against the threat of Qg7# (26...hxg6 27. Rh3+ Nh6 28. Rxh6#).

</doc>
<doc id="36753372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753372" title="William Bentley (disambiguation)">
William Bentley (disambiguation)

Bill Bentley, or William Bentley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753386" title="Billy Joe Walker, Jr.">
Billy Joe Walker, Jr.

Billy Joe Walker, Jr. is an American songwriter, record producer and recording artist. He has written singles for Eddie Rabbitt, including the singles "I Wanna Dance with You" and "B-B-B-Burnin' Up with Love". Walker produced the first three albums of Bryan White, and has produced for Pam Tillis, Collin Raye, and Travis Tritt. He is also a session musician who plays guitar. Between 1987 and 1994, Walker recorded seven New Age albums, all for major labels.

</doc>
<doc id="36753393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753393" title="Chepauk railway station">
Chepauk railway station

Chepauk is a station on the Chennai MRTS railway line. It is located in the eastern Chennai neighbourhood of Chepauk near the M.A. Chidambaram Cricket Stadium. The station is built on the bank of Buckingham Canal. The station was opened in November 1995 as a part of the first phase, when services were operated from Chennai Beach station to Chepauk. As it is adjacent to the government offices in the area, such as Kuralagam and Doordarshan, the station sees many commuters who work in these offices.
Services and connections.
It is currently the fifth station from Chennai Beach station heading towards Velachery (Chennai MRTS), and is the thirteenth station from Velachery towards Chennai Beach station. The station building contains a 1500 square meter car park in its lower level.
Nearby landmarks.
M. A. Chidambaram Cricket Stadium is located adjacent to the station. The station thus offers a "vantage view" of the matches played in the stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36753404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753404" title="Larisa Viktorova">
Larisa Viktorova

Larisa Viktorovna Viktorova (; born 5 September 1943 in Saint Petersburg) is a retired Russian swimmer who won two medals at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics and finished eighth in the 4×100 m medley event. Between 1958 and 1964 she set 21 national records and won 15 medals at national championships (8 gold), in backstroke, freestyle and medley relay events. After retirement she worked at the Baikal-Amur Mainline and as a swimming coach. In the 1990s she moved to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36753407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753407" title="Preethi Prema Pranaya">
Preethi Prema Pranaya

Preethi Prema Pranaya () is a 2003 Kannada drama film written and directed by Kavitha Lankesh. The film had an ensemble cast of Ananth Nag, Bharathi Vishnuvardhan, Sudharani, Prakash Raj, Bhavana, Anu Prabhakar and Sunil Raoh in the lead roles. It was produced by "Indo - Hollywood" films, consisting of five producers, namely Mano Murthy, Ram Prasad, Dr. Renuka and Somashekar. The music was composed by Mano Murthy.
The film went on to become a musical hit and won many awards including the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada. 
The film revolved around three generations of two families having Ananth Nag and Bharathi Vishnuvardhan as first generation.
Plot.
Family of Dr. Chandrashekhar (Ananthnag) - a widower in his family has a son Dr. Ashok (Prakash Rai) and daughter-in-law Jyothi (Sudharani) and grandson Vivek (Sunil Rao). Second son Ajay (Arun Sagar) too is a doctor with wife Sheela (Bhavana), an ad professional. Well settled doctor has enough name and fame but the concern doted by his sons irritates him. Their over cautious behavior suffocates him. Too much is too bad. He happens to meet Sharadha Devi (Bharathi), a widow, in an accident and as a doctor he does his duty but with an 'extra care'. This leads into friendship and later they could not resist meeting each other with some pretext or the other. He finds the kind of affection, love and care that he needed at his age through this relationship with Sharadha Devi and vis-à-vis. Film takes an enlivening climax when Chandrashekar takes a bold step to face his family member and the society. This demonstrates that every human being needs someone 'who cares for them', 'who listens to them', 'who shares their feelings' no matter what age group you are in.

</doc>
<doc id="36753418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753418" title="Denis Pozder">
Denis Pozder

Denis Pozder (born 11 December 1989) is a German footballer of Bosnian descent who last played for FC Vaslui.

</doc>
<doc id="36753424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753424" title="Frank Cioffi">
Frank Cioffi

Frank Cioffi (11 January 1928 – 1 January 2012) was an American philosopher educated in New York and Oxford. 
Cioffi held posts at the University of Singapore, the University of Kent and the University of Essex, where he was a founding member of the Department of Philosophy.
He wrote extensively on Sigmund Freud and psychoanalysis, Ludwig Wittgenstein, and behaviour and explanation.

</doc>
<doc id="36753438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753438" title="Edward Chaffyn">
Edward Chaffyn

Edward Chaffyn (fl. 1542) was an English politician.
Chaffyn's life remains obscure. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1542.

</doc>
<doc id="36753445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753445" title="Saluzzo Race Walking School">
Saluzzo Race Walking School

The Saluzzo Race Walking School (Scuola del Cammino di Saluzzo) is an international race walking school in Saluzzo, Piedmont, Italy.
History.
The school was established in 2002 by the brothers Giorgio, Maurizio and Sandro Damilano. Former champion race walkers Maurizio and Giorgio trained for Olympic Games and other championships on the roads around Saluzzo. Sandro Damilano is an athletics coach and Director of the school.
It is an international training center for race walking, with accommodation for up to 12 people. It is also a centre for the diffusion of fitwalking.

</doc>
<doc id="36753447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753447" title="George Penruddock">
George Penruddock

Sir George Penruddock (by 1527-1581) was an English politician.
He was a younger son of Edward Penruddock of Arkleby, Cumberland and entered the service of William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in March 1553, Wiltshire 1558 and 1572, and Downton in 1571.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Wiltshire for 1562–63 and High Sheriff of Hertfordshire for 1567–68. By 1565 he was an Esquire of the Body. He was knighted in 1568.
He married twice:firstly Elizabeth, the daughter and heiress of William Apryce of Faulstone, Wiltshire, with whom he had 2 sons and secondly Anne, the daughter of Thomas Goodere of Hadley, Hertfordshire and widow of John Cock of London and Broxbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="36753461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753461" title="Penruddock (disambiguation)">
Penruddock (disambiguation)

Penruddock is a village in Cumbria, England.
Penruddock may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753464" title="Real (Vivid song)">
Real (Vivid song)

"REAL" is the fifth major and ninth overall single released by ViViD. The single was released in three versions: two limited edition CD+DVD editions (A+B), and a regular CD only edition that comes with bonus songs. The limited A edition comes with a DVD of the title song's music video, making of, and a bonus video; the limited B edition contains the title song's music video with a bonus video. The titular track was used as the third opening for the anime series, "Mobile Suit Gundam AGE".

</doc>
<doc id="36753474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753474" title="Christian Eduard Langethal">
Christian Eduard Langethal

Christian Eduard Langethal (6 January 1806, Erfurt – 28 July 1878, Jena) was a German botanist and agronomist. He is known for his writings involving agricultural botany and agricultural history.
Beginning in 1827 he studied natural sciences at the University of Jena. During the winter term of 1834/35 he began teaching classes in natural history at the recently built scientific academy at Eldena (near Greifswald), where he worked closely with his former teacher, Friedrich Gottlob Schulze (1795–1860). In 1839, with Schulze, he returned to the University of Jena as an associate professor of botany. At Jena he distinguished himself in studies of botany as it applied to agricultural science.
Principal writings.
With Diederich Franz Leonhard von Schlechtendal and Ernst Schenk, he continued Jonathan Carl Zenker's "Flora von Thüringen: Und den angrenzenden Provinzen" (1830–1855, 145 issues).

</doc>
<doc id="36753489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753489" title="Robert Keilway (by 1483–1537 or later)">
Robert Keilway (by 1483–1537 or later)

Robert Keilway (by 1483-1537 or later) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1523. His son was Robert Keilway, also an MP.

</doc>
<doc id="36753494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753494" title="Ikar">
Ikar

Ikar can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753496" title="Alberto Rodrigues">
Alberto Rodrigues

Sir Alberto Maria Rodrigues, CBE, MBE(Mil.), ED, FRCPE (5 November 1911 - 5 February 2006) was a Portuguese-descent (or Macanese) Hong Konger medical doctor and academic. He was Senior Unofficial Member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong, and Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Executive Council of the University of Hong Kong.
He was educated at St Joseph's College, and the University of Hong Kong.
He was appointed MBE (military division) in 1948, OBE in 1960, CBE in 1964, Knight Bachelor in 1966. Outside of the British honours system, he was appointed as an Officer of the Portuguese Ordem de Cristo, in 1949; made a Chevalier of the French Legion of Honour in 1962 and made a Knight Grand Cross of the Roman Catholic Order of St Sylvester in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="36753508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753508" title="Herman Salling">
Herman Salling

Herman Christian Salling (born 20 November 1919 in Aarhus; died 8 May 2006) was a Danish grocery store founder and director. Herman Salling started føtex in 1960, and with A.P. Møller founded Dansk Supermarked A/S in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="36753516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753516" title="Sander Cordeel">
Sander Cordeel

Sander Cordeel (born 7 November 1987) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team Vastgoedservice-Golden Palace.
Cordeel left at the end of the 2013 season, and joined Vastgoedservice-Golden Palace for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36753529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753529" title="Jörg Syrlin">
Jörg Syrlin

Jörg Syrlin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753531" title="Thomas Brodegate">
Thomas Brodegate

Thomas Brodegate (by 1485-1526) was an English politician.
Brodegate was mayor of Salisbury 1520-21. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1515.

</doc>
<doc id="36753537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753537" title="Henry Barraclough">
Henry Barraclough

Sir Samuel Henry Egerton Barraclough, KBE, CBE (Mil.), VD, MInstCE, MIMechE (25 October 1874 - 30 August 1958) was an Australian mechanical engineer. He was appointed CBE military division in 1919 having served in the Great War, and a year later was appointed to the civil division as a Knight Commander. He was Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Sydney, 1915–1942 and President of the Australian Institution of Engineers, 1935–1936.

</doc>
<doc id="36753561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753561" title="John Beckingham">
John Beckingham

John Beckingham (by 1510-1566) was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in March 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="36753565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753565" title="Buddleja globosa 'Cannington Gold'">
Buddleja globosa 'Cannington Gold'

"Buddleja globosa" 'Cannington Gold' is a cultivar originating from Cannington Walled Gardens, Somerset, UK. 
Description.
'Cannington Gold' is not readily distinguished from the species. It was last listed as a cultivar in the RHS "Plantfinder" in 2001.
Cultivation.
'Cannington Gold' is not known to remain in cultivation in the UK. 

</doc>
<doc id="36753575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753575" title="Robert Griffith (MP)">
Robert Griffith (MP)

Robert Griffith (1501/1502-1568), was an English politician.
Griffith was mayor of Salisbury in 1545. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in April 1554 and November 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36753588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753588" title="Fakılı, Erdemli">
Fakılı, Erdemli

Fakılı is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the forests of Toros Mountains. It is at the east side of Alata River valley and opposite to Koramşalı at the west of the valley. Distance to Erdemli is and to Mersin is . The population of Fakılı was 206 as of 2011. The village is named after Fakih, its founder in 1520s . The main economic activity is farming. Tomato, cucumber, pomegranate, beans and grapes are the main crops.

</doc>
<doc id="36753590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753590" title="Imperial Noble Consort Shushen">
Imperial Noble Consort Shushen

Imperial Noble Consort Shushen () (1859-1904), "née" Fuca, was an Imperial concubine of the Tongzhi Emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="36753591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753591" title="Ikar (rocket stage)">
Ikar (rocket stage)

The Ikar was a rocket upper stage designed in Russia in 1999 to be used with the Soyuz 11A511U rocket as Soyuz-Ikar. It was derived from the propulsion module of the Yantar spy satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="36753598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753598" title="Evdilek, Erdemli">
Evdilek, Erdemli

Evdilek is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. It is a remote village of the district. The village's distance to Erdemli is and to Mersin is . The population of Evdilek was 137 as of 2011. Evdilek is a high altitude village, and until recently, it was only a yayla which was unpopulated during the winters. In 2006, it was declared a village, but its winter population remains low. The main economic activity of Evdilek is animal breeding, but fruit production is on the rise.

</doc>
<doc id="36753605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753605" title="St John the Baptist Parish Church, Alnmouth">
St John the Baptist Parish Church, Alnmouth

St John the Baptist Parish Church is an Anglican place of worship situated in the village of Alnmouth in Northumberland, England. It is the parish church for the Alnmouth area and is within the Diocese of Newcastle. The church is a Grade II listed building.
History.
Early churches.
The present church is the third to be built in the village, the first church stood on Church Hill and is where Saint Cuthbert was elected Bishop of Hexham in the year 684 at the Synod of Twyford (Saxon "“Aetiwifordia”"). This church was rebuilt and enlarged by the first Norman Earl of Northumbria in the 12th century and named in honour of Saint Waleric. This church declined rapidly in the 16th century as a result of the Dissolution of the Monasteries, additionally it was gradually destroyed as the River Aln changed course over a period of time and was finally brought down in the great storm of Christmas 1806. From 1859 a temporary chapel was created for worship in the town at Hindmarsh Hall, an old granary, and this was used until a new church could be built.
Present day church.
The present day Church of St John the Baptist was built at a site on Northumberland Street on land given by Algernon Percy, 6th Duke of Northumberland, the building cost £2,595 which was raised by public subscription. The church was consecrated by Charles Baring Bishop of Durham on Tuesday November 6 1876, two months later on February 7 1877 Alnmouth became a separate parish when it was divided from the parish of Lesbury.
In 1878-79 the church clock along with its five bells and single tolling bell were fitted, all six bells were recast, retuned and re-hung in 1936. In 1880, just four years after construction was finished, the church was enlarged by the addition of the south transept, this was done to accommodate the growing number of pupils at the nearby Seabank School who needed to use the church for their religious education as well as worship. The Gothic window which was removed during these alterations can now be seen outside the church, standing as an archway facing the sea.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed from snecked tooled stone with tooled ashlar quoins and dressings and consists of chancel, nave, north aisle, north and south porches, and an embattled western tower with spire. The tower is constructed with three stages, the first stage consists of a double doored main entrance with west facing double window, the second stage has lancet windows while the third stage has slatted belfry openings and clock. The stone spire on top of the tower tapers from square to octagonal and contains small gabled lucarnes.
Interior.
The entrance porch beneath the tower contains a replica of the Alnmouth Cross, the cross was found on Church Hill in the 1780s and has been dated to the 9th or 10th centuries. The cross’ lay out and style link it clearly with Lindisfarne Priory. The original cross is now in the Museum of Antiquities at Newcastle upon Tyne. The pulpit is a memorial to those killed in World War I and is carved with the soldier saints: Saint Oswald, Saint Maurice, Saint Martin and Saint George. The best examples of stained glass windows are in the apse, these being good representations of the early work of Charles Eamer Kempe, the rest of the windows are almost all modern, portraying saintly monks and were designed by C. Evetts. The sanctuary ceiling is significant because of its shape and decoration, it has the church organ on its left hand side.

</doc>
<doc id="36753606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753606" title="Elbeyli, Erdemli">
Elbeyli, Erdemli

Elbeyli is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is inj the forests of Toros Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is and to Mersin is . The population of Elbeyli was 516 as of 2011. The village was founded in 1800s by Turkmen people. The main econoımic activity of the village is farming. Tomato, cucumber and beans are produced. 

</doc>
<doc id="36753607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753607" title="Imperial Noble Consort Zhuanghe">
Imperial Noble Consort Zhuanghe

Imperial Noble Consort Zhuanghe () (1857–14 April 1921), "née" Alute, was an Imperial concubine of the Tongzhi Emperor. She was an aunt of Empress Xiaozheyi.

</doc>
<doc id="36753609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753609" title="Çadırlı, Silifke">
Çadırlı, Silifke

Çadırlı is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Çadırlı is 271 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36753616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753616" title="Cılbayır, Silifke">
Cılbayır, Silifke

Cılbayır is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in Taurus Mountains to the west of Göksu River valley. The Its distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Cılbayır is 114 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36753625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753625" title="Vök">
Vök

Vök may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753626" title="Nicolas Dromard">
Nicolas Dromard

Nicolas Dromard (born October 7, 1980 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian singer and stage actor, best known for his performances as Fiyero in the First National Tour and San Francisco productions of the musical "Wicked". He has also notably performed in the musical "Mary Poppins" as part of the original cast ensemble on Broadway and, later, as Bert on Broadway and in the National Tour. He is currently, as of June 2013, performing in the Jersey Boys National Tour as Tommy DeVito. 
Early life.
Dromard attended the Greta Leeming Studio of Dance in Nepean, Ontario in his youth. He went on to study music at École secondaire publique De La Salle, a performing arts high school in Ottawa, where he learned to play the piano and the flute.
He was inspired to start dancing when he saw a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie. He would dance in the halls at school, and his teacher told his parents to sign him up for dance lessons.
He studied singing under the instruction of Yoriko Tanno-Kimmons, who runs a voice studio in Ottawa.
Dromard's first language was French; born to French parents, he didn't learn English until the age of seven. 
Dromard's first paid acting role was "Little Boy" in a TV movie called "The Tin Soldier" at age 12.
Dromard was very active in his hometown, participating in amateur community theater shows such as Anne of Green Gables – The Musical and Crazy for You (musical).
In 1998, he was in New York City at a dance contest when he was scouted to be part of the Radio City Productions Christmas Spectacular at a satellite production in Branson, Missouri. 
In 1999, Dromard earned his Canadian Actors' Equity Association card by performing in "West Side Story" at the Stratford Festival of Canada in Stratford, Ontario. He earned his American Actors' Equity Association card when he performed in the 2002 Broadway revival "Oklahoma!" as Sam.
"Wicked".
National tour.
Dromard was cast as a swing in the original national tour production of the musical "Wicked" in October 2004, after spending eight hours dancing and singing in auditions. The production started previews at the Canon Theatre in Toronto, Canada on March 9, 2005, and officially opened on March 21, 2005.
San Francisco.
After auditioning for Fiyero in October 2008, Nicolas Dromard was chosen to star in "Wicked's" San Francisco open-ended engagement, alongside Teal Wicks as Elphaba and Kendra Kassebaum as Glinda. The San Francisco production began previews on January 27, 2009 at the Orpheum Theatre, and officially opened on February 6, 2009. 
Both Dromard and the San Francisco production received critical acclaim, including:
The SF Examiner: 
The Contra Costa Times: 
Dromard performed during the production with both Academy Award winner Patty Duke and Emmy Award winner Carol Kane, both as Madame Morrible. Dromard left the cast on June 27, 2010, to play Bert in "Mary Poppins" on Broadway. He was replaced in San Francisco by Cliffton Hall.
The "Wicked" San Francisco production was seen by nearly one million people during its first year, according to "The Best of Broadway", and averaged over $1.0 million in weekly grosses at the box office, according to "Variety" Magazine. "Wicked" was named "Musical of the Decade" in 2009 by "Entertainment Weekly" and termed "the defining musical of the decade" by "The New York Times".
The San Francisco production of Wicked closed on September 5, 2010.
"Mary Poppins".
Original Broadway cast.
Dromard performed as part of the ensemble (swing) in the original cast of "Mary Poppins" on Broadway, which premiered at the New Amsterdam Theatre. It started previews on October 14, 2006, and officially opened on November 16, 2006. It starred Ashley Brown in the title role of Mary Poppins and Gavin Lee as Bert. Dromard understudied many roles in the ensemble as a swing, including Von Hussler, William, and Bert.
Broadway.
In early 2010, Dromard auditioned again for "Mary Poppins", and landed the role of Bert in the Broadway production. This meant he would not finish out "Wicked's" San Francisco run (which was to end in September 2010), and he left the role of Fiyero on June 27, 2010. He played the role of Bert on Broadway for four weeks in 2010 (from July 16 to August 23) before heading out on the national tour.
In December of 2012, he announced via his website that he will once again being playing the role of Bert on Broadway. He will be performing the role at the "New Amsterdam Theater" in New York from January 10, 2013, until August 8, 2013 (barring a contract extension).
National tour.
Nicolas Dromard performed the role of Bert on tour for a year and a half, starting in September 2010 in Indianapolis, Indiana and ending in March 2012. During his run, he played opposite actresses Caroline Sheen and Laura Michelle Kelly, both of whom portrayed the role of Mary Poppins.
Dromard has earned much praise for his role as Bert, receiving rave reviews at every tour stop:
The Grand Rapids Press: 
The Salt Lake Tribune: 
Around the Town Chicago: 
"Jersey Boys".
On May 1, 2013, Nicolas Dromard announced on his website that he was going to be joining the National Tour of Jersey Boys as Tommy Devito. His first performance was on June 4, 2013, in Salt Lake City, Utah.
He's already received critical acclaim for his role:
Deseret News: 
Broadway World Reviews: 
Additional theatre.
"Mamma Mia".
In 2000, Dromard was part of the ensemble for the North American premiere of "Mamma Mia", which started in Toronto. It made its United States premiere at the Orpheum Theatre in San Francisco before heading to Broadway.
"The Boy From Oz".
In 2003, Dromard was a part of the ensemble in "The Boy from Oz", a musical from Martin Sherman and directed by Philip Wm. McKinley. The production started previews at the Imperial Theatre on September 16, 2003, and officially opened on October 16, 2003. It starred Hugh Jackman in the lead role of Peter Allen. The production closed on September 12, 2004.
"Hairspray".
Dromard joined the ensemble of "Hairspray" for the 2004 production in Toronto, Canada. The production started previews on April 8, 2004, at the Princess of Wales Theatre and officially opened on May 5, 2004. The production closed after seven months on November 28, 2004.
"Dancing in the Dark".
Nicolas Dromard was part of the ensemble for the world premiere of "Dancing in the Dark," a musical directed by Gary Griffin with a book by Douglas Carter Beane. It premiered at The Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, California, and ran from March 4, 2008 to April 13, 2008. The show was based on the MGM film "The Band Wagon" and starred Scott Bakula in the lead role of "Tony Hunter."
"White Christmas".
In September of 2012, it was announced that Dromard would be travelling to the Denver Center for the Performing Arts in Denver, Colorado to play the role of Phil Davis in Irving Berlin's White Christmas, a musical based on the movie-musical of the same name (White Christmas - 1954). 
Workshops.
"Cry-Baby".
In April 2007, Dromard participated in a workshop for "Cry-Baby", which ran for 68 performances in New York City. Based on the movie of the same name by John Waters, the production went on (without Dromard) to officially open on Broadway on April 24, 2008 at the Marquis Theatre. It earned four Tony Award nominations and choreographer Rob Ashford won a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Choreography.
"Frog Kiss".
Dromard played the role of Klaus in "Frog Kiss", a musical produced by Tamara Tunie. Based on the classic tale of a frog who needs a kiss, It featured a book by Charles Leipart and music by Eric Schorr. It was chosen to be part of the New York Musical Theatre Festival in 2010, and seven shows were performed at the Theater at St. Clements.
"Make Mine Manhattan".
Nicolas Dromard starred in the workshopped revival of "Make Mine Manhattan" at the Connelly Theatre in New York City. It is based off the original 1940s revue of the same name. It was presented by the UnsungMusicalsCo.. Directed by Ben West, the show featured a book by Arnold B. Horwitt and music by Richard Lewine. It ran from March 1 to March 17, 2012. 
The revue was met with critical acclaim:
BroadwayWorld: 
Used York City: 
Other roles.
"Crazy For You".
In 1996, Dromard starred as Bobby Child in his community theatre's production of "Crazy For You". This Gershwin musical was produced by the Company of Musical Theatre in Ottawa.
"West Side Story".
Nicolas Dromard portrayed a Jet in the Stratford Festival of Canada's 1999 production of West Side Story (musical). He earned his Canadian Actors' Equity Association membership for this performance.
"Dracula".
In 1999, Dromard was the standby for Renfield in a Stratford Festival of Canada production of "Dracula", a musical version of Bram Stoker's Dracula. It featured a book by Richard Ouzounian and music by Marek Norman.
"Gypsy".
In early 2003, Nicolas Dromard played the role of Tulsa in the Stephen Sondheim musical "Gypsy" at the Arkansas Repertory Theatre.
Nominations and awards.
2011: BroadwayWorld Boston Award: Best Actor in a Touring Production ("Mary Poppins")
2012: IRNE (Independent Reviewers of New England) Nomination: Best Visiting Performer ("Mary Poppins")
2012: BWW Critics Choice Awards (Jay's Picks): Best Featured Actor in a Musical (Touring) ("Mary Poppins")

</doc>
<doc id="36753639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753639" title="Korucuk, Anamur">
Korucuk, Anamur

Korucuk is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the northwest of Anamur. Its distance to Anamur is . The population of Korucuk is 228 as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36753640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753640" title="Exposition Internationale de l'Est de la France">
Exposition Internationale de l'Est de la France

The Exposition Internationale de l'Est de la France or the International Exhibition of the East of France was an exhibition held in Nancy in 1909. The exhibition opened on May 1 and ran until October 31.
The exhibition was held to demonstrate recovery from the Alsace-Lorraine annexation in the 1870 war. There were over 2000 exhibitors and 2 million visitors.
Visitor attractions included a water chute, French gardens, a mining and gas pavilions. There was an Alsatian Village and a Senagalese village
The local École de Nancy had its own pavilion intended to demonstrate the close links between art and industry in the region which opened 2 months after the main exhibition. Many architects of the École de Nancy, including Lucien Weissenburger, Émile André, Émile Toussaint, Louis Marchal, Paul Charbonnier, Eugène Vallin, and others designed the pavilions for the exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="36753646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753646" title="Leandro Trossard">
Leandro Trossard

Leandro Trossard (born 4 December 1994 in Maasmechelen) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Lommel United, on loan from Genk in the Belgian Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="36753650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753650" title="Cychropsis martensi">
Cychropsis martensi

Cychropsis martensi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Heinz in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36753651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753651" title="Cychropsis meihuanae">
Cychropsis meihuanae

Cychropsis meihuanae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36753652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753652" title="Cychropsis namchabarwana">
Cychropsis namchabarwana

Cychropsis namchabarwana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Imura in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36753654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753654" title="Cychropsis nepalensis">
Cychropsis nepalensis

Cychropsis nepalensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mandl in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36753656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753656" title="Ole Mathisen">
Ole Mathisen

Ole Mathisen (born 13 February 1965) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone and clarinet) and composer. He is a critically acclaimed saxophonist and active performer on the New York and the international jazz scene, and known for more than 80 recordings. He has performed with artists such as Paula Cole, Louie Vega, Omar Hakim, Darryl Jones, Hiram Bullock, Tom Coster, Mark Egan, Steve Smith, Mino Cinelu, Peter Erskine, Eddie Gomez, Badal Roy, Rufus Reid, Ron Carter, Grady Tate, Claudio Roditi, Will Lee, LaVerne Baker, Abraham Laboriel, Randy Brecker, Gil Goldstein, Lew Soloff, Tiger Okoshi, Michael Gibbs, Harvie Swartz, Jon Christensen, Gary Husband, Bill Bruford, Kenny Barron, Bob Moses, Jeff Berlin, Hilton Ruiz, Petter Wettre, Adam Nussbaum, Frankie Valli, and Dream Theater, and has composed music for film and television. He is the brother of jazz musicians Per Mathisen (bass), Hans Mathisen (guitar) and Nils Mathisen (keyboards, guitar and bass).
Career.
Mathisen received his Bachelor Degree in "Professional Music" from Berklee College of Music in Boston in 1988. While at Berklee he studied for three years with renowned saxophoneist Joe Viola. He moved to New York in 1993 and received a Masters Degree in "Jazz Performance" from Manhattan School of Music at the Columbia University 1995, studying saxophone with Bob Mintzer, arranging with Maria Schneider, and film scoring with Ed Green.
Mathisen has been regular with Chris Washburne and his Latin jazz band «SYOTOS Band» (four albums). He was the leader of the orchestra «Anomaly», and with his brothers Per (bass) and Hans Mathisen (guitar) he contributed in Chris Washburne Sextet «NYNDK» (2003–), releasing "Jazzheads" (2006). Mathisen has also performed with Petter Wettre and Adam Nussbaum/Francois Moutin in the production «Conspiracy».
Otherwise, he has this country contributed to releases by Hans Mathisen and Olga Konkova, and played
clarinet on the concert DVD by Dream Theater in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36753660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753660" title="Cychropsis paramontana">
Cychropsis paramontana

Cychropsis paramontana is a species of black colured ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Sehnal & Hackel in 2006 and is endemic to China.

</doc>
<doc id="36753661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753661" title="Cychropsis schmidti">
Cychropsis schmidti

Cychropsis schmidti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Heinz in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36753664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753664" title="Cychropsis sikkimensis">
Cychropsis sikkimensis

Cychropsis sikkimensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Fairmaire in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="36753667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753667" title="Cychropsis tryznai">
Cychropsis tryznai

Cychropsis tryznai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Haeckel & Sehnal in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36753668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753668" title="Papal coat of arms">
Papal coat of arms

Papal coats of arms can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36753670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753670" title="Cychropsis tuberculipennis">
Cychropsis tuberculipennis

Cychropsis tuberculipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mandl in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36753672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753672" title="Cychropsis weigeli">
Cychropsis weigeli

Cychropsis weigeli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve & Schmidt in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36753673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753673" title="Cychropsis wittmeri">
Cychropsis wittmeri

Cychropsis wittmeri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mandl in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="36753675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753675" title="Cychropsis wittmeriana">
Cychropsis wittmeriana

Cychropsis wittmeriana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36753676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753676" title="Robert Eyre (by 1518–70 or later)">
Robert Eyre (by 1518–70 or later)

Robert Eyre (by 1518-1570 or later) was an English politician.
Eyre was mayor of Salisbury in 1558-59. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1558 and Weymouth in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36753693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753693" title="Ray Marinko">
Ray Marinko

Raymond George "Ray" Marinko (born 11 November 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the and East Perth Football Clubs in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL). The son of former West Perth and player Don Marinko, Sr., Marinko excelled at junior football, and began his career at West Perth in 1954, at the age of 18. He transferred to East Perth in 1957, and spent two seasons with the club before transferring back to West Perth, where he remained until his retirement in 1965. Overall, Marinko played 160 senior games for West Perth, including the 1960 premiership, and 24 for East Perth, in a number of different positions.
Career.
Marinko was the son of Don Marinko, Sr., who played 194 games with West Perth between 1926 and 1939, and the brother of Don Marinko, Jr., with whom he later played at West Perth. An excellent junior footballer, Marinko played under-18 football for the West Perth Cobbers in the Young Sports Temperance League at the age of 18, and also captained the under-15 side at the same time. In 1953, having begun playing for Mount Hawthorn in the Metropolitan Junior Football Association (MJFA), he was selected in representative side to tour Victoria. The youngest member of the team, Marinko stayed with former player Gordon Coventry while in Melbourne, thus avoiding the troubles of his teammates, who had their clothes stolen whilst staying at a YMCA. Joining his brother in the team, Marinko made his senior debut for West Perth against in round one of the 1954 season, having replaced the injured Brian Falconer. He played a total of 22 games in his first season, alternating between centre and the half-back and half-forward flanks. Marinko was known for his exceptional footpassing, with "The West Australian" noting that his main attribute was "accurate kicking with either foot". Having established himself as a regular in West Perth's senior side, he was also strong overhead, with a spectacular mark over 's Ray French during the 1956 season said to be equal to John Gerovich's famous mark over the same player, although no documentary evidence of the mark has survived.
Perceived unfair treatment from West Perth led Marinko to seek a transfer to East Perth for the 1957 season, which was granted. In particular, Marinko noted an incident where he was demoted to the reserves team after missing a game to attend his best friend's wedding, despite having obtained the permission of coach Frank Sparrow. In two seasons at East Perth, he played 24 games, but was selected in the club's grand final teams in either year. Marinko returned to West Perth in 1959, with his brother just having been appointed to the position of captain-coach. Although Don Marinko was replaced as coach by former player Arthur Olliver for the 1960 season, both brothers played key parts in West Perth's premiership victory over East Perth, with Ray Marinko considered a leading candidate for the Simpson Medal which was eventually awarded to Brian Foley. Further differences with club administration at the end of the season led the Marinkos to request another transfer to East Perth. Eventually a compromise was reached, with Ray Marinko remaining at West Perth and Don Marinko going to East Perth, where he would win the club's best and fairest award, the F. D. Book Medal, in 1962.
Putting the transfer issues behind him, Marinko was one of the best players in the competition in 1961, finishing third overall in the Sandover Medal, and second in "The Daily News"' Footballer of the Year competition. Despite his reputation, he never played interstate football, with his non-selection in Western Australia's team at the 1961 Australian National Football Carnival considered surprising. Marinko retired from football at the end of the 1965 season, despite offers from clubs in the Sunday Football League to keep playing. After his retirement, Marinko became involved in the refrigeration business, with his company pioneering a particular method of cold storage for apples.

</doc>
<doc id="36753701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753701" title="Cigarette Ki Tarah">
Cigarette Ki Tarah

Cigarette Ki Tarah is a romantic thriller movie, featuring Bhoop Yaduvanshi, Prashant Narayanan, Madhurima Tuli, Sudesh Berry and others in their respective roles. Directed by Akashaditya Lama, the film is being produced under the banner of P. Y. Films Pvt. Ltd. While the music is composed by Sudeep Banerjee, Kavita Seth, Ankur Mishra and Viraj Sawant, the lyrics have been written by Ajay Jhingran, Kaushal Kishore and Dev Shukla. Choreography in the movie is done by Vivek Yadav and Longines Fernandes.
A dispute between the director and producers over the editing of the picture led to a lawsuit in the Mumbai High Court, and eventually to what the director characterized as a "compromise" and an "edited version that did not meet my creative vision".
Plot.
A guy falls in love blindly with a young beautiful girl. This blind love leads him into deep trouble, and further separates him from other people like one man versus the entire world. In these dark situations, where one surely gives up on everything, he doesn't, and thus keeps on believing and trusting on his blind love, which eventually shows him all the ways to be out from all the difficulties.
Soundtrack.
The music is composed by Sudeep Banerjee, Kavita Seth, Ankur Mishra and Viraj Sawant whereas the lyrics of it are written down by Ajay Jhingran, Kaushal Kishore, Dev Shukla and Sudarshan Goel. The songs are sung by Tochi Raina, Nikhil D'Souza, Kavita Seth, Shweta Pandit, Suzanne D'Mello and Sudeep Banerjee.
Reception.
Bravos, the review aggregator site gave this movie a very low rating of 13 out of 100Critic Ankur Pathak of Rediff.com panned the film, giving it no stars and calling it a "half-heartedly created music video, which tries to convince itself that it is an actual film". Shakti Shetty of "Mid Day" said, "There are bad films and then there are films that shouldn't have been made in the first place. "Cigarette Ki Tarah" effortlessly falls into the latter category." "That Faisal Saif" gave the movie 1 out of 5 Stars and said, "your life will be burnt for 2 Hours".

</doc>
<doc id="36753705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753705" title="Ibrahima Cissé">
Ibrahima Cissé

Ibrahima Cissé (born 28 February 1994) is a Belgian footballer of Guinean descent who currently plays for Mechelen in the Belgian Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="36753706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753706" title="2012 Japan Super Series">
2012 Japan Super Series

The 2012 Japan Super Series was the ninth super series tournament of the 2012 BWF Super Series in badminton. The tournament was held in Tokyo, Japan, from 18–23 September 2012 and had a total purse of $200,000. Draw was released on 4 September 2012. China withdrew all its players from this tournament because of safety fears.

</doc>
<doc id="36753711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753711" title="Megacephala acutipennis">
Megacephala acutipennis

Megacephala acutipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejean in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="36753713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753713" title="Megacephala aequinoctialis">
Megacephala aequinoctialis

Megacephala aequinoctialis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejean in 1825. The species are brown-black coloured, and could be found in South American countries like Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru, Venezuela

</doc>
<doc id="36753715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753715" title="Megacephala affinis">
Megacephala affinis

Megacephala affinis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejean in 1825. The species are black coloured with brown legs and antennaes. They live in such countries as Brazil, Colombia, Suriname, and Venezuela. The species are similar to "Megacephala lacordairei".

</doc>
<doc id="36753717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753717" title="Megacephala angustata">
Megacephala angustata

Megacephala angustata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chevrolat in 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="36753718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753718" title="Megacephala angusticollis">
Megacephala angusticollis

Megacephala angusticollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36753719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753719" title="Megacephala annuligera">
Megacephala annuligera

Megacephala annuligera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Lucas in 1857. The species could be found in Mato Grosso and Goias of Brazil, Santa Cruz of Bolivia, and Jujuy, Argentina, and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36753721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753721" title="Megacephala aptera">
Megacephala aptera

Megacephala aptera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1862, and can be found in Mato Grosso, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36753722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753722" title="Megacephala asperata">
Megacephala asperata

Megacephala asperata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by C. O. Waterhouse in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="36753724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753724" title="Megacephala asperula">
Megacephala asperula

Megacephala asperula is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Westwood in 1852, and can be found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Peru. The species are brown coloured.

</doc>
<doc id="36753726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753726" title="Megacephala australasiae">
Megacephala australasiae

Megacephala australasiae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Hope in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="36753728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753728" title="William McNaughton Galloway">
William McNaughton Galloway

William McNaughton Galloway (1840–1895) was mayor of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia in 1889. He also built the now heritage-listed Breakfast Creek Hotel.
Personal life.
William Galloway was born in Perth, Scotland in 1840, the son of George Galloway and Hellen née Martin.
He married wife Anne (née Waters). They lived in the house "Aberleigh" at Kelvin Grove until 1890 when they moved into the Breakfast Creek Hotel which they built in 1889.
On Saturday 12 January 1895, William McNaughton Galloway fell from a window on the second floor of the Breakfast Creek Hotel, a distance of 17 feet. He received immediate medical attention from a passing doctor and was taken to hospital, but he died about 40 minutes later. In the subsequent magisterial inquiry, it was revealed that Galloway had been drinking heavily over the previous 3 weeks. On the day of his death, he was again intoxicated and the barman, William Floyd, decided to lock Galloway in an upper room of the hotel, hoping Galloway would sleep off his intoxication. Galloway attempted to escape the room by climbing out the window. Having climbed out the window onto a ledge, he tried to jump to a nearby balcony. Although he caught the balcony railings with his hands, one hand gave way and he fell.
Galloway was buried in Toowong Cemetery the following day, 13 January 1895. He was survived by his wife Anne.
Business Life.
William Galloway operated a ship's chandler business at 89 Edward Street, Brisbane.
From 1890 to his death in 1895, William Galloway was the publican of the Breakfast Creek Hotel.
Public Life.
Galloway was an alderman of the Brisbane Municipal Council from 1884 to 1891. He was mayor in 1889. He served on the following committees:
In the Brisbane Municipal Council elections of 7 February 1888, Galloway was declared to have lost the election for the East Ward by 5 votes. Voting at that time was done by crossing out the names of the undesired candidates. Galloway claimed that a number of votes were ruled informal by the returning officer because the voter had crossed out a part of his name but had crossed out all of the name of his opponent Robert Porter; Galloway argued that these votes should have been counted as votes for him. The matter was adjudicated in the Supreme Court of Queensland on 15 February 1888 where the a panel of three judges decided that these disputed votes should be counted as votes for Galloway, thus electing him in the East Ward.
Galloway was a well-known union identity. He was a secretary of the Seamen's Union. He was the first President of the Brisbane Trades and Labour Council, established in 1885. In 1888, Galloway was the first person to contest an election as a member of the Australian labour movement when he unsuccessfully contested the 1888 by-election in the electoral district of Fortitude Valley.
Galloway was an officer for some years in the Queensland United Licensed Victuallers' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36753729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753729" title="Megacephala australis">
Megacephala australis

Megacephala australis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1865, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36753731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753731" title="Megacephala basalis">
Megacephala basalis

Megacephala basalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Macleay in 1866, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36753732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753732" title="Battle of Ayacucho order of battle">
Battle of Ayacucho order of battle

See also.
Battle of Ayacucho

</doc>
<doc id="36753735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753735" title="Megacephala baxteri">
Megacephala baxteri

Megacephala baxteri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Bates in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="36753775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753775" title="Philibert Dié Foneye">
Philibert Dié Foneye

Philibert Dié Foneye is a Côte d'Ivoire football Defender who played for Côte d'Ivoire in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36753776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753776" title="AS (classification)">
AS (classification)

AS is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "This class is for rowers who have no or minimal trunk function (i.e. shoulder function only). An AS class rower is able to apply force predominantly using the arms and/or shoulders. This class will typically include: Classification by the international sports federation for rowers with cerebral palsy (CPISRA) as eligible to be in Class 4; or Neurological Impairment with a complete lesion at T12 level, or an incomplete lesion at T10" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single sculls for club, state, national and international competitions.
Competitors.
Competitors in this class include Australia's Ben Houlison.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia need to provide several documents to a classifier at the time of application, including a doctor's statement that documents their impairment, when it was acquired and if the doctor expects changes in the level of disability in terms of increases or decreases in the severity of the disability.

</doc>
<doc id="36753787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753787" title="LTA-PD">
LTA-PD

LTA-PD is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "It includes athletes with a physical disability[.] ... Athletes with a physical disability that typically compete as LTA-PD include: Amputees, or Neurological Impairment equivalent to incomplete lesion at S1, or Classification by the international sports federation for rowers with cerebral palsy (CPISRA) as eligible to be in Class 8" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single and sculls for club, state, and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in mixed cox fours sculls, with a maximum of two visually impaired rowers in the boat.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia need to provide several documents to a classifier at the time of application, including a doctor's statement that documents their impairment, when it was acquired and if the doctor expects changes in the level of disability in terms of increases or decreases in the severity of the disability.

</doc>
<doc id="36753789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753789" title="LTA-B1">
LTA-B1

LTA-B1 is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "athletes with a visual impairment (LTA-B1, LTA-B2 and LTA-B3)" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single and sculls for club, state, and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in mixed cox fours sculls, with a maximum of two visually impaired rowers in the boat.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia as a visually impaired rower need to provide evidence of having been classified by an International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) classifier or an Australian Paralympic Committee vision impairment classifier.

</doc>
<doc id="36753790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753790" title="Jens Debusschere">
Jens Debusschere

Jens Debusschere (born 28 August 1989) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team .

</doc>
<doc id="36753791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753791" title="Olena Akopyan">
Olena Akopyan

Olena Hrachykivna Akopyan (, born 4 October 1969) is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S5 events. She is also one of the rare sportswomen to have competed in both the summer and winter Paralympics having competed in the biathlon and cross-country skiing in the winter Paralympics. The majority of Akopyan's Paralympic success came in the pool where she won thirteen of her fifteen medals including her only gold medal. 
Career.
At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, Akopyan won three silvers in the , and freestyle. Each time she finishing behind France's Beatrice Hess, who set two world records and a Paralympic record in the three events. Akopyan placed sixth in the 100m breaststroke. 
At the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano, Akopyan won a bronze in the sitski biathlon and the sitski cross-country. She placed fifth in the and fourth in the cross-country events.
At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, Akopyan again won silver medals in the 50m, 100m and 200m freestyle including, breaking the Paralympic record in the 50m freestyle first heat only to see Hess break it in the second heat and then set a world record in the final. Akopyan came in fourth in the 50m butterfly and 50m backstroke. 
At the 2004 Summer Paralympics, Akopyan won a silver in the 50m butterfly behind Teresa Perales of Spain and another silver in the 200m freestyle behind Hess. She beat Hess to the gold medal in the 50m freestyle. Sheh also picked up a bronze medal in the 200m freestyle, behind both Perales and Hess, and was a member of the Ukrainian 4x50m medley squad that finished fourth. Akopyan was coached by Maryna Kuzmina (Honored coach of Ukraine) from 2001- 2005.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics, Akopyan broke the World record in the 50m butterfly only to see both China's Fuying Jiang and Russia's Anastasia Diodorova swim quicker in the final leaving her with the bronze medal. She took the bronze medal in the 50m and 200m freestyle and finished fourth in the 100m freestyle.
Personal life.
Akopyan was disabled as a teenager as a result of a knife attack in Belgorod, where she had moved to attend a music school. She was married in August 2008. In 2010, she gave birth to a son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36753798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753798" title="Gaston Adjoukoua">
Gaston Adjoukoua

Ashe Mukasa is a Côte d'Ivoire football Midfielder who played for Côte d'Ivoire in the 1980 African Cup of Nations. He also played for Africa Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="36753799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753799" title="Kurtuluş, Mersin">
Kurtuluş, Mersin

Kurtuluş, Mersin is the name of two villages in Mersin Province of Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36753801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753801" title="Laurent Zahoui">
Laurent Zahoui

Laurent Zahoui is a Côte d'Ivoire football Defender who played for Côte d'Ivoire in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36753802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753802" title="2012–13 Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC season">
2012–13 Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC season

The 2012–13 season will be Nyíregyháza Spartacus's 3rd consecutive season in the Nemzeti Bajnokság II and 53rd year in existence as a football club.
Transfers.
Summer.
In:
Out:
Statistics.
Top scorers.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.

</doc>
<doc id="36753810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753810" title="LTA-B2">
LTA-B2

LTA-B2 is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "athletes with a visual impairment (LTA-B1, LTA-B2 and LTA-B3)" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single and sculls for club, state, and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in mixed cox fours sculls, with a maximum of two visually impaired rowers in the boat.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation. 
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia as a visually impaired rower need to provide evidence of having been classified by an International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) classifier or an Australian Paralympic Committee vision impairment classifier.

</doc>
<doc id="36753817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753817" title="LTA-B3">
LTA-B3

LTA-B3 is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "athletes with a visual impairment (LTA-B1, LTA-B2 and LTA-B3)" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single and sculls for club, state, and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in mixed cox fours sculls, with a maximum of two visually impaired rowers in the boat.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation. 
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia as a visually impaired rower need to provide evidence of having been classified by an International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) classifier or an Australian Paralympic Committee vision impairment classifier.

</doc>
<doc id="36753818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753818" title="George Purefoy-Jervoise">
George Purefoy-Jervoise

George Purefoy-Jervoise (10 April 1770 - 1 December 1847) was an English politician.
He was the eldest son of Rev. George Hudleston Jervoise Purefoy Jervoise of Britford, Wiltshire and educated at Westminster School 1781–86 and Corpus Christi College, Oxford 1787–91. He inherited the Herriard estate from his uncle Tristram Jervoise of Britford.
He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Salisbury 17 February 1813 – 1818 and Hampshire 1820-1826. He was appointed High Sheriff of Hampshire for 1830–31.
He married twice: firstly Elizabeth, the daughter and heiress of Thomas Hall of Preston Candover, Hampshire and secondly Anna Maria Selina, the daughter of Wadham Locke of Rowdeford, Wiltshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36753820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753820" title="Maxime Lacina Traoré">
Maxime Lacina Traoré

Ashe Mukasa is a Côte d'Ivoire football Forward who played for Côte d'Ivoire in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36753826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753826" title="Séverin Tapé Zogbo">
Séverin Tapé Zogbo

Séverin Tapé Zogbo is a Côte d'Ivoire football Defender who played for Côte d'Ivoire in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36753841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753841" title="LTA4+">
LTA4+

LTA4+ is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
This is a Paralympic rowing classification. In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "LTA4+: A four-person, mixed gender, sweep-oar boat plus cox with sliding seats. Open to athletes with an impairment but who have movement in the legs, trunk and arms. A boat can include a maximum of two visually impaired athletes." In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "LTA (Legs, Trunk, Arms): These rowers include all competitors who have a minimum disability. They are able to use their legs, trunk and arms to complete strokes. They are able to use a sliding seat in their boats." Rowing Australia defines this classification as "" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single and sculls for club, state, and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in mixed cox fours sculls, with a maximum of two visually impaired rowers in the boat.
Similar classifications.
LTA-PD and LTA-B1, LTA-B2, and LTA-B3 are other classifications in this family.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia as a visually impaired rower need to provide evidence of having been classified by an International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) classifier or an Australian Paralympic Committee vision impairment classifier.

</doc>
<doc id="36753843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753843" title="Adolphe Abrahams">
Adolphe Abrahams

Sir Adolphe Abrahams OBE FRCP (6 February 1883 to 11 December 1967) was a British medical doctor, educated at Bedford School and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, and considered the founder of British sports science. He was the elder brother of the athletes Harold Abrahams CBE and Sir Sidney Abrahams KC, and was knighted in 1939.
Sir Adolphe Abrahams was the medical officer in charge of the British Olympic teams from 1912 until 1948. He also was president of the British Association of Sports and Medicine and fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine. 

</doc>
<doc id="36753846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753846" title="TA2x">
TA2x

TA2x is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Sport.
This is a Paralympic rowing classification. In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "TA2x: A two-person, mixed-gender scull for athletes with trunk and arm movement only." In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "TA (Trunk and Arms): Competitors in this classification can fix their pelvis on the seat in the boat but are unable to use a sliding seat because of their loss of leg function." 
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia need to provide several documents to a classifier at the time of application, including a doctor's statement that documents their impairment, when it was acquired and if the doctor expects changes in the level of disability in terms of increases or decreases in the severity of the disability.

</doc>
<doc id="36753851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753851" title="AM1x">
AM1x

AM1x is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Sport.
This is a Paralympic rowing classification. In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "AM1x: A fixed-seat single scull boat for men. Athletes have full movement in their arms only." In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "A (Arms Only): These rowers have no leg or trunk function, and are only able to row with the use of their arms." 
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="36753853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753853" title="AW1x">
AW1x

AW1x is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
This is a Paralympic rowing classification. In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "AW1x: A fixed-seat single scull boat for women. Athletes have full movement in their arms only. " In 2008, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation" defined this classification was "A (Arms Only): These rowers have no leg or trunk function, and are only able to row with the use of their arms." 
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="36753859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753859" title="Fenton Atkinson">
Fenton Atkinson

The Rt Hon Sir Fenton Atkinson PC (6 January 1906 – 28 March 1980) was an English judge, who was Lord Justice of Appeal, 1968–1971. He was the son of Sir Cyril Atkinson. He oversaw the trial of the Moors Murderers, Ian Brady and Myra Hindley.

</doc>
<doc id="36753865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753865" title="ID (classification)">
ID (classification)

ID is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "Rowers with an intellectual disability with an intellectual disability are not eligible to compete at the Paralympics at the time of publication (March 2011)" 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single and double sculls for club, state and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in a mixed coxed four.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation.
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia need to provide several documents to a classifier at the time of application, including an AUSRAPID accreditation card, or International Sports Federation for Persons with an Intellectual Impairment (INAS-FID) ID card.

</doc>
<doc id="36753867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753867" title="TA (classification)">
TA (classification)

TA is a Paralympic rowing classification. The classifications were developed and current as of March 2011.
Definition.
Rowing Australia defines this classification as "This class is for rowers who have trunk movement and who are unable to use the sliding seat to propel the boat because of significant weakness in the lower limbs. It will include many people such as: Bilateral above knee amputation, or significantly impaired quadriceps, or People with a neurological impairment equivalent to a complete lesion at L3 level, or an incomplete lesion at L1, or A combination of the above such as one leg with around knee amputation and one leg with significant quadriceps impairment; or Classification by the international sports federation for rowers with cerebral palsy (CPISRA) as eligible to be in CP Class 5." 
Events.
Rowers in this classification compete in single sculls for club, state, and national competitions. In international competitions, they compete in mixed double sculls.
Competitors.
Competitors in this class include Australia's Kathryn Ross and Grant Bailey.
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by FISA – International Rowing Federation. 
Australians seeking classification through Rowing Australia need to provide several documents to a classifier at the time of application, including a doctor's statement that documents their impairment, when it was acquired and if the doctor expects changes in the level of disability in terms of increases or decreases in the severity of the disability.

</doc>
<doc id="36753868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753868" title="Greece at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Greece at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Greece competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from August 29 to September 9, 2012. The Hellenic Paralympic Committee sent a total of 61 athletes, 47 men and 14 women, to compete in 9 sports. Greece finished 44th in the medal table, winning one gold medal and 12 in total.
Medalists.
Multiple medallists.
The following Greek athletes won multiple medals at the 2012 Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36753869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753869" title="Light Combat Aviation Squadron of 9th Air Command">
Light Combat Aviation Squadron of 9th Air Command

The Light Combat Aviation Squadron of 9th Air Command ("Serbo-Croatian: Vazduhoplovna eskadrila lake borbene avijacije 9. vazduhoplovne komande / Ваздухопловна ескадрила лаке борбене авијације 9. ваздухопловне команде") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force formed in 1953 at Zemunik airfield as Training Squadron of 21st Aviation Division ("Serbo-Croatian: Trenažna eskadrila 21. vazduhoplovne divizije / Тренажна ескадрила 21. ваздухопловне дивизије").
Squadron was part of 21st Aviation Division. It was equipped with US-made F-47D Thunderbolt fighter-bombers. It was disbanded in 1954 but again re-established in 1957 being reequipped with US-made T-33A Shooting Star jet trainer aircraft.
In 1959 due the Drvar reorganization this squadron has become Light Combat Aviation Squadron of 9th Air Command.
Squadron was disbanded in April 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36753874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753874" title="Yannick Ferreira Carrasco">
Yannick Ferreira Carrasco

Yannick Ferreira Carrasco (born 4 September 1993) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Monaco in the Ligue 1.
Career.
Ferreira Carrasco joined Monaco from Belgian club Genk in 2010. He made his professional debut for Monaco on 30 July 2012 in a Ligue 2 match against Tours. In the match, he opened the scoring with a well taken free-kick to send Monaco to a 4-0 victory. On 13 April 2013, he scored both goals for Monaco in their 2-0 league victory over Auxerre. In his debut campaign with the club, Ferreira Carrasco appeared in 27 games and scored 6 goals as Monaco won promotion back to Ligue 1.
His first Ligue 1 goal came on 5 October 2013 against Saint-Étienne, converting a James Rodríguez cross and helping Monaco to a 2-1 victory. He scored twice in the opening 10 minutes on 20 October as Monaco drew 2-2 with Sochaux.

</doc>
<doc id="36753879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753879" title="Gaius Marcius Figulus (consul 64 BC)">
Gaius Marcius Figulus (consul 64 BC)

Gaius Marcius Figulus (fl. 1st century BC) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 64 BC.
Biography.
It is believed that Gaius Marcius Figulus was originally born "Gaius Minucius Thermus", before at some point being adopted by a Marcius Figulus. He was elected to the office of Praetor in around 67 BC. He was then elected consul alongside Lucius Julius Caesar in 64 BC. During his consulship, the Senate issued laws restricting the number of persons who accompanied candidates for election, as well as making a number of collegia illegal. After his consulship, he refused to be nominated for promagisterial or overseas proconsular appointment.
On December 5, 63 BC, Marcius Figulus was one of the ex-consulars who spoke in support of the use of capital punishment to be applied against the conspirators of Catiline. On the following day, he supported the proposal of a giving of thanks to Cicero for defending the Republic.
After his death, his family erected a tomb for him that was enormously expensive and elaborate.

</doc>
<doc id="36753884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753884" title="Alex Tschui">
Alex Tschui

Alex Tschui (born 6 February 1939) is a Swiss modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36753897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753897" title="SH1 (classification)">
SH1 (classification)

SH1 is a Paralympic shooting classification.
Sport.
Athletes in this Paralympic shooting sport class either shoot with a pistol or a rifle. They do not require a shooting stand, because their arms are affected by impairment to a lesser extent and allow for sufficient support of the pistol or rifle. Eligible pistol shooters, for example, have an impaired non-shooting arm, such as amputation or muscle weakness.
Becoming classified.
Sub-classifications A, B and C define wheelchair backrest height depending on back and pelvic strength per athlete. Ambulant or wheelchair using shooters regardless of sub-classifications A, B or C shoot together in this class. 
Classification is handled by International Paralympic Committee Shooting.
IPC Shooting Classification Rules and Regulations.
The IPC Shooting Classification Rules and Regulations were published and came into force on May 2012. The rules reflect the wording of the IPC Classification Code and are a revised version of the previous IPC Classification Rules.

</doc>
<doc id="36753900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753900" title="SH2 (classification)">
SH2 (classification)

SH2 is a Paralympic shooting classification.
Sport.
This Paralympic shooting sport class is designated to shooters with a more severe impairment in the upper limbs, which necessitates them to use a shooting stand. Unlike the SH1 class they shoot with a rifle only and not with pistols.
Becoming classified.
Sub-classifications A, B and C define wheelchair backrest height depending on back and pelvic strength per athlete. Ambulant or wheelchair using shooters regardless of sub-classifications A, B or C shoot together in this class. 
Classification is handled by International Paralympic Committee Shooting.
IPC Shooting Classification Rules and Regulations.
The IPC Shooting Classification Rules and Regulations were published and came into force on May 2012. The rules reflect the wording of the IPC Classification Code and are a revised version of the previous IPC Classification Rules.

</doc>
<doc id="36753916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753916" title="Russian constitution">
Russian constitution

Russian constitution and Constitution of the RSFSR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36753922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753922" title="Ownership of Rangers F.C.">
Ownership of Rangers F.C.

This article details the ownership of the Scottish football club Rangers. Rangers were founded in 1872 and were incorporated into a limited company in 1899 as The Rangers Football Club Ltd. In the year 2000, Sir David Murray decided to float the club on the stock market, subsequently changing the company into a PLC. In 2012, The Rangers Football Club Plc entered administration and the club's assets, including Rangers FC, Ibrox Stadium and Murray Park were bought by Sevco Scotland Ltd. Sevco Scotland Ltd later changed its name to The Rangers Football Club Ltd.
Current company overview.
The Rangers Football Club Ltd, previously called Sevco Scotland Ltd, is a limited company based in Glasgow. It was formed in 2012 to replace The Rangers Football Club Plc (which was subsequently renamed RFC 2012 plc), incorporated in 1899, which went out of business and entered liquidation procedures on 14 June 2012. Having purchased the business, goodwill and assets of The Rangers Football Club Plc, including Rangers FC and the all-seated 50,987-capacity Ibrox Stadium in south-west Glasgow, several players agreed to have their contracts transferred to the new company. Some players left to join other clubs as free agents since their former employer had been in breach of contract. After an application to transfer the old company's Scottish Premier League membership was rejected, an application to join the Scottish Football League was accepted with the club being placed in the third division. The Rangers Football Club Plc's SFA membership share was transferred to the new company on 27 July 2012.
Company history.
Prior to incorporation.
The football club was formed in 1872 and was operated by the four founders until its incorporation on 27 May 1899. 
At the point the Club was Incorporated, a limited company (The Rangers Football Club ltd) was formed and the Club now had legal personality, with directors and liabilities in accordance with The Companies Act.
Minority shareholdings.
From the company's formation in 1899, no single shareholder obtained a large enough shareholding to have a majority (and thereby be deemed the owner). From 1963, John Lawrence (Glasgow) Ltd began increasing its shareholding in the company, eventually becoming the largest shareholder with 15%. John Lawrence of John Lawrence (Glasgow) Ltd, became the club's Chairman and served for nearly ten years, retiring in 1973 due to ill health. On Lawrence's death in 1977, his shareholding in the Lawerence Group, and in its business, was transferred to his grandson, Lawrence Marlborough. The following years saw a steady increase in the Lawrence Group's shareholding in the club.
Lawrence Group.
In 1985, the Lawrence Group increased its shareholding in Rangers to a 52% majority, following a deal with then club vice-chairman Jack Gillespie. In November 1988, head of the Lawerence Group, Lawrence Marlbrough sold the company for £6 million.
Murray International Holdings.
Between 1988 and 2011 Scottish steel magnate David Murray was the owner of Rangers, after he had purchased the company for £6 million, via his own company Murray International Holdings.
During the late 1990s Murray increased the club's player transfer budget in an attempt to succeed in both domestic and European football. High-profile players such as Paul Gascoigne and Brian Laudrup joined the club during this time. After Dick Advocaat became manager, Murray again sanctioned some large transfer spending on players such as Tore Andre Flo and Ronald de Boer.
During this time, Murray employed an Employee Benefit Trust scheme to pay players, and other staff at board room level, including himself. EBT's have been described as tax avoidance schemes, and allowed Rangers players and employees to pay less tax on what they were paid. Former Rangers owner David Murray denied any cheating took place with regards to this EBT scheme during his stewardship. HMRC took issue with the scheme and provided Rangers with a bill of £49million, inclusive of interest and penalties. This was disputed and was ruled upon by 3 judges at a First Tier Tax Tribunal. The tax tribual verdict was announced on 20 November 2012, with Rangers winning the appeal. HMRC have appealed the decision of the First Tier Tax Tribunal and the legal action continues.
Rangers Football Club became a limited company on 27 May 1899 when it was incorporated as The Rangers Football Club Ltd. It continued in this form until the year 2000 when Sir David Murray decided to list the company on the stock exchange, making it a public limited company. The name of the company was therefore changed to The Rangers Football Club Plc.
Whyte and The Rangers FC Group.
After protracted takeover negotiations with David Murray, the club was bought by Scottish businessman Craig Whyte on 6 May 2011 for £1, through his company Wavetower Limited (subsequently renamed The Rangers FC Group Limited). Although the deal came with stipulations, such as paying off the club's £18m debt to Lloyds Banking Group, and making further investment in the team. Early into Whyte's reign at the club, doubts and allegations began to surface relating to his business past, most notably a documentary by BBC Scotland that reported Whyte had previously been banned from being a Director of any UK companies. It was also disclosed that Whyte did not pay the £18m Lloyds debt as stipulated in the takeover deal, but instead secured a £27m deal with ticketing company Ticketus against future season ticket sales, to pay the debt. Whyte came under intense media pressure, with many journalists claiming he 'purchased the club with fans' money'. On 13 February 2012 Whyte filed legal papers at the Court of Session giving notice of an intention to appoint Administrators.
On 14 February 2012, The Rangers Football Club Plc, which was subsequently renamed RFC 2012 plc, entered administration over non-payment of £9 million in PAYE and VAT taxes to HM Revenue and Customs. Entering administration meant the team was deducted 10 points by the SPL, effectively ending its 2012 Championship challenge. In April 2012, the administrators estimated that the club's total debts could top £134m.
On 25 June 2012, the Crown Office asked Strathclyde Police to investigate the purchase of Rangers and the Club's subsequent financial management during Whyte's tenure.
Liquidation and current ownership.
Sevco 5088 Ltd was formed on 29 March 2012 as a means for Charles Green to acquire the assets of Rangers FC. Sevco Scotland Ltd (subsequently renamed The Rangers Football Club Ltd) was formed to ensure that if the formation of a new company was required in the event of a CVA being rejected, then the Club's corporate entity would be a Scottish registered company as it has always been. When the CVA failed the assets of The Rangers Football Club Plc (subsequently renamed RFC 2012 plc) were then sold for £5.5 million.
On 14 June 2012, the HMRC's formal rejection of the proposed CVA meant that the company would enter the liquidation process. The accountancy firm BDO were appointed to reveal why the company running the club failed.
Sevco Scotland Ltd acquired Ibrox Stadium and Murray Park on 14 June 2012 after the rejection of a proposed CVA meant that RFC 2012 plc would enter liquidation. along with various other assets including intellectual property, goodwill and various contracts. An application to transfer the Scottish Premier League membership from the 'oldco' to the 'newco' was rejected on a 10–1 vote. Thereafter, an application to the Scottish Football League was successful with Rangers securing associate membership and a place in the 4th tier of Scottish Football, Division 3, for the 2012–13 season. Agreement was reached on the transfer of SFA membership, with the new company accepting a number of conditions relating to the old company. The club also awaits the conclusion of an investigation of alleged rule breaking by use of dual contracts by Rangers over the period 2001 to 2010. Former Rangers owner David Murray has denied any cheating took place during his stewardship.
As a result of Rangers' "assets, business and history" being sold to a new company when The Rangers Football Club Plc (subsequently renamed as RFC 2012 plc) entered the liquidation process, the extent to which Rangers can be regarded as a continuation of the club officially founded in 1872 has been interpreted differently. Rangers Football Club has been described by some in the mainstream media as a "new club", whilst Chief Executive Charles Green has maintained "this is still Rangers", with the SPL chairman Neil Doncaster saying "it is an existing club, even though it's a new company".
The continuation of the club, as opposed to the company running the club, has been recognized by the SPL and the European Club Association.
In December 2012, a company called Rangers International Plc was formed and listed on the London stock exchange and became the holding company for the The Rangers Football Club Ltd which, in turn, owns the football club.
Financial Performance.
As the new company had not filed any accounts (as of April 2013), it was not clear what its performance would be. Major Scottish banks including Royal Bank of Scotland, reportedly "concerned at the current uncertainty about the club's future and its backers" declined to provide the new company with the corporate banking facilities it needed. Metro Bank was hired instead.
After the administration and relaunch of Rangers, a local Audi dealership terminated a lucrative sponsorship agreement. It was reported that primary sponsor Tennent's would remain with the new company but would renegotiate a new deal.
Current shareholders.
Towards the end of August 2012, it was revealed that Arif Naqvi, chief executive of private equity firm Abraaj Capital, owned just under 18% of the Company's shares after having agreed to invest £2m in June 2012. Other investors included Imran Ahmad and Richard Hughes, from Zeus Capital, owning 9.8% each (Hughes has a 6.8% stake in Rangers ). Rangers manager Ally McCoist owning a share of about 4.5% and Scottish-based businessman Ian Hart, who was part of the Blue Knights group, owning a shareholding of 1.3%. The Blue Knights was one of several groups or individuals that had expressed an interest in succeeding the original Rangers structure.
Other shareholders in the club include Alessandro Celano and Chris Morgan.
It was revealed in an AIM announcement on 5 December 2012 that Charles Green has a 14.9% shareholding, with Newcastle owner Mike Ashley having an 8.9% stake. Green and Ashley's shares were projected to fall to 8.67% and 5.20% respectively after the company's flotation on the stock market. Other shareholders, both before and after the flotation, were also revealed including Blue Pitch Holding, Margarita Funds Holding Trust, Craig Mather, Norne Anstalt, Legal & General Investment Management Limited, Insight Investment Management (Global) Limited, Cazenove Capital Management Limited, Hargreave Hale Limited and Artemis Investment Management LLP.

</doc>
<doc id="36753924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753924" title="Tom Lough">
Tom Lough

Tom Lough (born July 14, 1942) is an American modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36753935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753935" title="Class B (classification)">
Class B (classification)

Class B is a Paralympic wheelchair fencing classification.
Sport.
This is a Paralympic wheelchair fencing classification. In 2000, "BBC Sport" defined this classification as "class B those with poor balance and recovery but full use of one or both upper limbs" In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "B: Athletes with poor balance and recovery, but full use of one or both upper limbs. "
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="36753938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753938" title="Stef Peeters">
Stef Peeters

Stef Peeters (born 9 February 1992) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a midfielder for MVV Maastricht, on loan from Racing Genk, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for on loan for Sparta Rotterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="36753939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753939" title="Class A (classification)">
Class A (classification)

Class A is a Paralympic wheelchair fencing classification.
Sport.
This is a Paralympic wheelchair fencing classification. In 2000, "BBC Sport" defined this classification as "class A incorporates those athletes with good balance and recovery and full trunk movement" In 2008, "BBC Sport" defined this classification was "A: Athletes with good balance and recovery, and full trunk movement."
Becoming classified.
Classification is handled by International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="36753941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753941" title="List of Rajasthan Royals cricketers">
List of Rajasthan Royals cricketers

Rajasthan Royals (RR) is a franchise cricket team based in Jaipur, India, and is one of the teams participating in the Indian Premier League (IPL). It played its first Twenty20 match in the first season of the IPL against the Delhi Daredevils. It later topped the group stage in that season, and won the final against the Chennai Super Kings to become the first winner of the IPL. It also reached the playoffs in the 2013 IPL. The team's performance in the 2008 and the 2013 season resulted in its qualification for the 2008 and the 2013 Champions League Twenty20 (CLT20), however the 2008 edition was cancelled due to the 2008 Mumbai attacks. The RR reached the finals in the 2013 CLT20, but lost the match to Mumbai Indians. Seventy-three players have played for RR, of whom Siddharth Trivedi has played the most matches: 76 since his debut for the franchise in 2008.
The leading run-scorer for RR is Shane Watson, who has scored 1,887 runs. Ajinkya Rahane's score of 103 runs not out, made against the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the 2012 season, is the highest individual score in an innings by a RR batsman. Rahane, Watson and Yusuf Pathan have scored one century each for RR. Adam Voges has the team's best batting average: 45.25. Among the bowlers, Trivedi has taken more wickets than any other, claiming 65. The best bowling average is Lee Carseldine's 6.00, though among bowlers who have bowled more than 20 overs, Sohail Tanvir has the best average: 11.44. Tanvir also has the best bowling figures in an innings: he claimed six wickets against Chennai Super Kings in a 2008 match, while conceding 14 runs. Mahesh Rawat has taken the most catches as wicket-keeper for RR, with 15, while Naman Ojha has made the highest number of stumpings: 7; Dishant Yagnik has made the most dismissals as wicket-keeper for RR with 18. Rahane has claimed the highest number of catches among fielders, with 22.
The first list includes all players who have played at least one match for RR and is initially listed alphabetically by their last name. The second list comprises all those players who have captained the team in at least one match, arranged in the order of the first match as captain. Many players have also represented other teams of the IPL, but only the records of their games for RR are given.

</doc>
<doc id="36753944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753944" title="Knud Christian Knudsen">
Knud Christian Knudsen

Knud Christian Knudsen (18 January 1887 – 24 May 1969) was a Norwegian merchant and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Drammen; the son of wholesaler August Martinius Knudsen (1858–1922) and Anne Margrethe Høstad (1858–1905). He was a nephew of vicar and politician Christoffer Knudsen.
He finished Kristiania Commerce School in 1906 and was hired in a wholesaling company in Hamburg in the same year. From 1908 he worked in his father's company "Aug. M. Knudsen & Søn" from 1908. It became a public company in 1916, and Knudsen was the manager and majority owner.
He was a member of Drammen city council from 1928 to 1945, with tenures as deputy mayor from 1931 to 1934 and in 1945. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1936, representing the Market towns of Buskerud county. He served through one term, which was interrupted by the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany. Near the end of the occupation, he was incarcerated in Grini concentration camp from January 1945 until end of World War II.
He chaired Drammens Sparebank from 1942 and Drammen Port Authority from 1946 (board member since 1932), was a board member of "Norges Colonialgrossisters Forbund" from 1925 to 1931 and 1945 to 1950, "Norges Handelsstands Forbund" from 1945 to 1955, and Forsikringsselskapet Norge to 1956, and supervisory council member of Drammens og Oplands Privatbank. He was a member of Statens kornråd from 1931 to 1950 and the Norwegian branch of the International Chamber of Commerce, and supervisory committee member of the Drammen Line and Randsfjord Line. He died in May 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="36753954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753954" title="Romas Zabarauskas">
Romas Zabarauskas

Romas Zabarauskas (born May 31, 1990) is a Lithuanian activist, film director, screen writer and producer.
Zabarauskas made his debut with a short film "I'm 17" (Man septyniolika) in which a young director searches the connection between the suicide and social problems, such as sexism, homophobia and gaps in education system.
His second short film "Porno melodrama" was shown in an international film festival Berlinale.
Openly gay 
Prior to the trial of a Russian punk rock band "Pussy Riot" Zabarauskas participated in the social action in support of the band members.

</doc>
<doc id="36753955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753955" title="Hans Jürgen Todt">
Hans Jürgen Todt

Hans Jürgen Todt (born 6 July 1937) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed for West Germany at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36753977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753977" title="Heiner Thade">
Heiner Thade

Heiner Thade (born 15 September 1942) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed for West Germany at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36753988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753988" title="Rauma Ice Pack">
Rauma Ice Pack

Rauma Ice Pack is a Finnish rugby club in Rauma. 

</doc>
<doc id="36753989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753989" title="Velachery railway station">
Velachery railway station

The Velachery MRTS Station is a ground level station on the Chennai MRTS railway line in Chennai. It is located near the junction of Velachery Main Road and Inner Ring Road in Velachery. The station is built on the northern banks of Pallikaranai wetland.
History.
The station was opened on 19 November 2007.The EMU maintenance shed at the station was opened in 2008.This Station acts a Border between Chennai & Kanchipuram District Limits
Structure.
The length of the platform is 280 m. The station premises also consists of 12,250 sq m of open parking area.
EMU shed.
The station has a massive shed for preventive maintenance of electrical multiple unit (EMU) rakes, which is spread over 44 hectares. Before the opening of the shed in 2008, maintenance of the all MRTS rakes were being sent to Avadi. However, the shed has been lying in disuse for the past few years. Due to this, there are currently no mid-night services between Chennai Beach and Velachery.
Additional infrastructure.
A bus bay in front of the station, set to become the biggest in south Chennai, is under construction at a cost of 100 million, jointly executed by the Southern Railway and the state government. To be built in about 60,000 sq m of land, the depot will be owned by the state government.
A 3.4 km-long, 18 m-wide access road to Perungudi station and Taramani station is being constructed along the MRTS line from Velachery to Taramani.
Patronage.
The station primarily serves the residential community of Velachery and its neighbouring suburbs such as Madipakkam, Ullagaram-Puzhuthivakkam, Adambakkam and Pallikaranai. The Velachery station receives the highest patronage among all the MRTS stations.
Developments.
In September 2013, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) invited tenders for setting up a food plaza in the station, along with two other stations, namely, Thirumayilai and Thiruvanmiyur.

</doc>
<doc id="36753998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36753998" title="Junta (Spanish American Independence)">
Junta (Spanish American Independence)

Junta () during Spanish American independence was the type of government formed as a patriotic alternative to the Spanish colonial government during the first phase of Spanish American wars of independence (1808-1810). The formation of juntas was usually an urban movement. Most juntas were created out of the already-existing "ayuntamientos" (municipal councils) with the addition of other prominent members of society.
Juntas emerged in Spanish America as a result of Spain facing a political crisis due to the abdication of Ferdinand VII and Napoleon Bonaparte's invasion. Spanish Americans reacted in much the same way the Peninsular Spanish did, legitimizing their actions through traditional law, which held that there was a retroversion of the sovereignty to the people in the absence of a legitimate king. The majority of Spanish Americans continued to support the idea of maintaining a monarchy under Ferdinand VII, but did not support retaining absolutism.
Spanish Americans wanted auto-governance. The juntas in the Americas did not accept the governments of the Europeans, neither government set up for Spain by the French nor the various Spanish governments set up in response to the French invasion. The juntas do not accept the Spanish regency, which was under siege in the city of Cadiz. They also reject the Spanish Constitution of 1812. The triumph of the republican ideas (from the American and French revolutions), transform the juntas into true independence movements.

</doc>
<doc id="36754007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754007" title="Krater (video game)">
Krater (video game)

Krater is a role-playing video game for Microsoft Windows. Fatshark developed the game following the studio's moderate success after developing "" and other titles.
"Krater" was released in 2012 via the Steam digital distribution platform.
Gameplay.
Krater is a squad-based real-time strategy role-playing game. The player controls a team of gas masked survivalists in a post-apocalyptic but adventurous wasteland. Players venture in a post-apocalyptic world scoured by a nuclear war. Players can command up to three characters, but reserve members may be purchased.
The combat system of the game is fashioned similar to Blizzard's Diablo series. The player's team always attack together, but individual members can be reassigned to attack other targets. The game features distinctive classes which can range from tanks, damage dealers, and healers. Each member can have up to two fixed skills and are only cooldown dependable. There is no traditional leveling system in the game and is only dependable on stat-enhancing character mods called "implants." The game also features permanent deaths of party members. Once a member dies, they must be replaced with a new recruit.
The crafting system in the game is dependable on acquiring blueprints and gathering materials for the construction of the item. Players find blueprints by either looting dungeons or purchasing from vendors.

</doc>
<doc id="36754010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754010" title="Albert of Hanau-Münzenberg">
Albert of Hanau-Münzenberg

Albert of Hanau-Münzenberg (12 November 1579 – 19 December 1635 in Strasbourg) was the younger son of Philip Louis I of Hanau-Münzenberg (1553-1580) and his wife, Countess Magdalena of Waldeck (1558-1599). The only sons of his parents to reach adulthood were Albert and his elder brother Philip Louis II. Albert's son John Ernest was the last male member of the Hanau-Münzenberg line of the House of Hanau.
Regency.
When his father died in 1580, Albert and his brother were still minors and a regency was necessary. The regents were Counts John VI, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg (1536–1606), Louis I, Count of Sayn-Wittgenstein (1568–1607) and Philip IV, Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg (1514–1590), who was replaced in 1585 by his son, Count Philip V of Hanau-Lichtenberg (1541–1599).
Albert's mother Magdalena remarried in 1581 to John VII, Count of Nassau, the son of his guardian and regent. She and her sons from her first marriage then moved to the Nassau court in Dillenburg. At the time, this was a centre of Calvinism in Germany. The court in Dillenburg maintained cordial relations with the Reformed court of the Electorate of the Palatinate in Heidelberg.
However, Philip IV of Hanau-Lichtenberg, Albert's Lutheran guardian, and later his son Philip V, vehemently resisted this Calvinist influence, though ultimately their resistance was in vain. Philip V tried to have the Lutheran Duke Richard of Simmern-Sponheim, a younger brother of Elector Palatine Frederick III appointed as co-regent. He managed to obtain a mandate to this effect from the Reichskammergericht, however, the Calvinist prevented Richard's installation and prevented the people of Hanau-Münzenberg from paying tribute to Duke Richard. Instead, they installed Duke John Casimir of the Palatinate-Simmern as "upper guardian", an honorary position, which nevertheless strengthened the Calvinist hold on Hanau-Münzenberg.
The end of the guardianship is difficult to determine. In 1600, the guardians had a dispute with Philip Louis II and ended their guardianship over him. However, Albert was still a minor in 1600 (at the time, the age of majority was 25), and the guardians continued their guardianship over him at least until he came of age in 1604. The guardians did not file their final account until urged to do so by Elector Palatine Frederick IV in 1608.
Youth.
In 1585, Albert enrolled at the Herborn Academy, where his brother also studied. In 1588, he enrolled in the of the , also in Herborn. In 1591, he enrolled at the university of Heidelberg, where he was elected rector on 20 December 1591.
Reign.
Albert spent most of his life in a violent dispute with his brother Philip Louis II, his cousin Philip Maurice (1605-1638), and his cousin's regent, his sister-in-law Catharina Belgica of Nassau. This dispute was fought partly in court, partly using military means. Albert demanded a partition of the county. Philip Louis II, however, followed a decree from 1375, which prescribed primogeniture in the House of Hanau. When Philip Louis II came of age, his guardians sided with Albert in this dispute, leading to violent clashes between Philip Louis II and his former guardians.
A compromise was reached, in which Albert received the districts of Schwarzenfels, Ortenberg, the territories of the former monastery in Naumburg and Hanau's share of Assenheim. Albert then moved into Schwarzenfels Castle. However, the compromise did not end the dispute. Albert now demanded sovereignty, while Philip Louis II had only granted him economic use of the apanage. 
Albert and his family were forced to leave Schwarzenfels Castle during the Thirty Years' War, probably in 1633. He fled to Worms and later to Strasbourg, where he suffered serious financial problems.
Death.
Albert died on 19 December 1635, in exile in Strasbourg. The funeral sermon is preserved.
With Albert's death, the soveirgtny dispute ended, his son and heir, John Ernest, did not claim sovereignty, at least not until he eventually inherited all of Hanau-Münzenberg.
Marriage and issue.
On 16 August 1604, Albert married Countess Ehrengard of Isenburg (1 October 1577 – 20 September 1637 in Frankfurt). Some sources say her given name was "Irmgard". They had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="36754014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754014" title="Excelebration">
Excelebration

Excelebration (foaled 13 April 2008) is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. As a three-year-old he recorded wins in the Mehl-Mülhens-Rennen and Hungerford Stakes, before winning his first Group 1 in the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp. After finishing second to the unbeaten Frankel in his first two starts of 2012 he recorded successive victories in the Prix Jacques Le Marois and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes. These were followed by a fourth place finish in the Breeders' Cup Mile, after which he was retired to stud. He was trained by Marco Botti until being transferred to Aidan O'Brien at the end of the 2011 flat season.
Background.
Excelebration is a bay horse foaled on 13 April 2008. Bred by Owenstown Stud, he is the son of Exceed and Excel, an Australian horse that won the Newmarket Handicap. Exceed and Excel's sire was Danehill, winner of the Sprint Cup and a British Champion sire. Excelebration's dam, Sun Shower, only raced once and is the daughter of Indian Ridge.
Racing career.
2010: two-year-old season.
Excelebration finished fourth in his first racecourse appearance in a maiden at Nottingham. He then won a Doncaster maiden and a class 3 race at Newmarket.
2011: three-year-old-season.
Excelebration started his three-year-old season in the Greenham Stakes, starting at 25/1, and finished second, four lengths behind 1/4 favourite Frankel. He then went to Germany for the Mehl-Mülhens-Rennen (German 2000 Guineas), which he won by seven lengths. He returned to England for the St. James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot. After his win in Germany, he started the 10/1 second favourite and finished in third place behind Frankel (won had won the 2000 Guineas since the two last met) and Zoffany. Excelebration then went to Newbury for the Hungerford Stakes, winning by six lengths. After the Hungerford Stakes, Coolmore Stud purchased an interest in Excelebration. He travelled to France for the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp. Starting as the 11/8 favourite, he won by 1½ lengths from Rio De La Plata in a field that also included Dubawi Gold and Planteur. His last race of the season came in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Champions' Day at Ascot. The race was won by Frankel by four lengths from Excelebration, with Coronation Stakes and Prix Jacques Le Marois winner Immortal Verse a further 3½ lengths back in third place.
2012: four-year-old season.
Excelebration started the 2012 season by easily winning the Gladness Stakes. He then took on Frankel in the Lockinge Stakes. He finished second to Frankel, who won by five lengths. At Royal Ascot he took on Frankel again in the Queen Anne Stakes. Frankel started at 1/10 and Excelebration was priced at 5/1. Frankel won by eleven lengths, with Excelebration again in second place. Timeform rated Frankel's performance as the best in their 64-year history. Excelebration's next start came in the Prix Jacques Le Marois, which he won by 1¼ lengths from Dubai Duty Free Stakes winner Cityscape. The field also included Prix d'Ispahan winner Golden Lilac, Prix Rothschild winner Elusive Kate and Prix Maurice de Gheest winner Moonlight Cloud. On 20 October at Ascot, Excelebration won the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes. Starting as the 10/11 favourite, he beat Cityscape by three lengths, with Elusive Kate a further three and a quarter lengths behind in third place. On his final appearance, Excelebration was sent to California to contest the Breeders' Cup Mile at Santa Anita Park. He started favourite but lacked his customary turn of foot and finished fourth of the nine runners behind the US trained horse Wise Dan. Excelebration earned £1,692,792 during his racing career.
Assessment.
Excelebration was officially rated as the joint seventh best horse in the world in 2011, with a rating of 126. He was rated the third best miler behind Frankel and Canford Cliffs. At the end of 2012 he was ranked as the joint-third-best horse in the world with Black Caviar, behind only Frankel and Cirrus des Aigles.
Stud record.
Excelebration was retired from racing to become a breeding stallion for the Coolmore Stud in Ireland. His covering fee for the 2013 season was set at €22,500.
Pedigree.
"Note: b. = Bay, ch. = Chestnut"

</doc>
<doc id="36754025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754025" title="India City Competitiveness Index">
India City Competitiveness Index

This list ranks the top 50 most competitive cities in India as of the latest release in 2012. Delhi tops the list followed by Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata.

</doc>
<doc id="36754027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754027" title="Veronika Holletz">
Veronika Holletz

Veronika Holletz (born 25 June 1945 in Berlin) is a retired German swimmer who won the bronze medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics and finished fourth in the 400 m medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36754063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754063" title="Anagotus stephenensis">
Anagotus stephenensis

Anagotus stephenensis, commonly known as the Ngaio weevil, is a large flightless weevil that is only found on Stephens Island, New Zealand. The Ngaio weevil was discovered in 1916 on Stephens Island and is a relict population. 
The Ngaio weevil has a historic range as far away as South Canterbury and was once common, having been found in reasonable numbers (39) in cave deposits produced by the extinct Laughing Owl. Intensive searches in 1971 and 1995 saw one or two specimens indicating it had become rarer than when discovered in 1916, when 15 specimens were collected from Stephens Island.
The weevil is known to live on Ngaio trees (Myoporum laetum), feeding on leaves, where it produces a characteristic feeding notch. The weevil is a large, nocturnal, flightless weevil ranging in length from 20 to 31mm.
This species has recently had its conservation status upgraded to Nationally Critical. 

</doc>
<doc id="36754079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754079" title="Fréderique Robert">
Fréderique Robert

Fréderique Robert (born 25 January 1989) is a Belgian professional cyclist for UCI Professional Continental team .
Robert joined for the 2014 season, after two seasons with .

</doc>
<doc id="36754086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754086" title="St Margaret and St James' Church, Long Marton">
St Margaret and St James' Church, Long Marton

St Margaret and St James' Church, Long Marton, is located about to the south of the village of Long Marton, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby, the archdeaconry of Carlisle, and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of six local churches to form the benefice of Heart of Eden. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
History.
Originating before the Norman conquest, the church contains Anglo-Saxon and Norman architectural features. The tower was added probably in the early 12th century, and the chancel was extended later that century. A south chapel was added in the 15th century, and the vestry in the following century. The church was restored by John A. Cory in 1880.
Architecture.
The church is constructed in stone with large quoins and slate roofs. Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, a south chapel (or transept), a chancel with a north vestry, and a west tower. Parts of the nave walls are Saxon, other parts of the nave and the blocked north doorway are Norman, and the chancel is in Decorated style. The tower is in three stages, with paired bell openings. The windows around the church are in varying styles, most of them being mullioned. Three of the doorways have tympana containing carvings of dragons and other items. Inside the chancel are a double sedilia and a piscina. Most of the furnishings are from Cory's restoration. A window has been inserted into the blocked north doorway; this contains stained glass dated 1930 by Stanley M. Scott, depicting Saints Margaret and James flanked by Saints Cosmas and Damian. In the south transept is a window of 1925 to the memory of the architect George Dominic Stampa.

</doc>
<doc id="36754094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754094" title="Lee Harrison (disambiguation)">
Lee Harrison (disambiguation)

Lee Harrison is an English footballer.
Lee Harrison may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754100" title="Leigh Harrison">
Leigh Harrison

Leigh Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754105" title="Yu Chin-san">
Yu Chin-san

Yu Chin-san (hangul:유진산, hanja:柳珍山, October 18, 1905 - April 28, 1974) was a South Korean politician and resistance activist, farmers activist and terrorist. His nicknames were Chinsan (진산 珍山) and Okgye (옥계 玉溪). His real name was Youngpil (영필 永弼).
Life.
Yu was a child of poor farmers in Geumsan county. In May 1919, he took part in 3.1 Movement, 1923 Graduate of Bosung high school and studied abroad in Tokyo, Japan. Also, he was admitted to Waseda University, but dropped in the third grade. After return to his country, he joined and was working in the farmers groups, were monitored for Governor-General of Korea.
In 1933, he left Korea for Sanghai, and was appointed to liaison of Provisional Government of Korea (대한민국 임시 정부 大韓民國 臨時 政府). In 1934 he was arrested by Japanese policeman and was repatriated to Korea. In 1933, he was reexit and go to Manchuria also liaison of Provisional Government of Korea. He was arrested again and repatriated to Korea, he was imprisoned.
In 1945, he was released and politic movement. Also he was join to the right wing terrorist group Baikuisa (백의사 白衣社). At the same time he was attack to communist and socialists. 1946 he was accede to Right wing Terrorism group Korean Democratic Youngman Group (대한민주청년동맹 大韓民主靑年同盟).
In 1949, he was join to Banminteukui (반민특위 反民特委), but its group was under attack force was disbanded. In 1950, he was running to 2nd Lawmakers of the Republic of Korea and defeated, in 1954, running to 3rd Lawmakers and elected. he served as leader of opposition party for a long time. He was 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th, 9th Lawmakers of National Assembly of Koreas elected. but 8th Lawmakers defeated.
ather.
He was said to may have to compromise to national interests but a radical opposition party member was Mocked him to "Sakura".

</doc>
<doc id="36754113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754113" title="Anthony Correia">
Anthony Correia

Anthony Correia (born 2 May 1982 in Paramaribo) is a Dutch professional footballer of Surinamese descent who currently plays as a right back for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36754115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754115" title="The Tropics (band)">
The Tropics (band)

Career.
The groups founder, Buddy Pendergrass put together a seven-piece horn band in 1964 with Wayne Guida on trumpet, Ronnie Ferer on tenor sax and Spencer Hinkle on drums, playing at all the local Tampa area recreation venues.
Beginning in the summer of '65, the Tropics toured the state of Florida and the Southeastern United States as a five-piece combo, opening shows for The Who in Miami, The Young Rascals in Tampa and Herman's Hermits in Jacksonville, and at the Diplomat Hotel in Miami, opening the show for Heinz Heinz & Dad for a Columbia Records Showcase. 
In 1966 The Tropics won The International Battle of the Bands at McCormick Place in Chicago. The Band took first place over more than 450 bands. Out of that came a recording contract with Columbia Records and the single "Time," produced by Teo Macero, which made it to the top of the local charts and got a "92" on Dick Clark's "American Bandstand". The group was also on the American Bandstand tour opening for The Young Rascals.
The Tropics became one of the most-popular Pop Rock-Showbands in the Southeastern United States between 1965 and 1969 with band members Buddy Pendergrass, Mel Dryer, Charlie Souza, Bobby Shea and Eric Turner. (photo)
The Tropics recorded their first 45 RPM records in Tampa Bay area recording studios and later at Malaco Recording Studios in Jackson, Mississippi. In 1968 a recording session at Colombia Records Studios in New York produced their first hit, "Time".
Sunn Sound Euipment based in Meridian Mississippi sponsored the band in the late 1960s by furnishing all sound equipment. Ludwig Drums in New York City, also sponsored the band and furnished Ludwig Premier Drums.
In 1971, Pendergrass formed the Capricorn Records glam rock/psychedelic/hard rock group, White Witch.

</doc>
<doc id="36754118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754118" title="Shincheonji Church of Jesus the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony">
Shincheonji Church of Jesus the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony

Shincheonji, Church of Jesus, the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony (SCJ), commonly known as Shinchonji (Korean: 신천지, Hanja 新天地, "new heaven and earth") is a religious movement founded by Lee Man-Hee on March 14, 1984 in South Korea, the year the Universe completed its first orbit according to church teachings and returned to its point of origin.
As of 2012, Shincheonji has over 150,000 registered members. The churches within Shincheonji are organized into 12 "tribes" each named after the 12 apostles of the New Testament, which are mainly located throughout South Korea. These tribes each have their own number of church buildings, and designated members. In addition to those, Shincheonji also has 300 overseas churches in 13 different nations, making a combined total of approximately 5,000 overseas registered members.
To become a member, Shincheonji offers a free Bible course, which concludes with a Bible content exam of 100 questions. Shincheonji holds several graduation ceremonies each year to welcome new members, those who have completed the Bible course and the final Bible content exam. Each of these ceremonies recognizes an average of 800-1000 newly registered members. In 1990, Shincheonji established a Bible school, where the Bible is taught free of charge. This school is called Zion Mission Center (ZMC).
Etymology.
The Korean name 신천지, "Shincheonji", means literally "New Heaven Earth". The name comes from the Chinese characters for "Shin" (新) New, "Chon" (天) Heaven, "Ji" (地) Earth.
Emblem.
The emblem of Shincheonji is the emblem of heaven. The two outside circles symbolize the universe and the earth respectively, and the square inside the circle is God's kingdom ― the holy city, New Jerusalem. The Bible in the center, colored in jasper and carnelian, represents God, while the rainbow surrounding the throne represents God's covenant. The cross in the middle of the city symbolizes Jesus' work on the cross; the three gates on each North, South, East, and West side, comprise twelve gates by which people may enter the city; these gates are the twelve tribes. The tree inside the city represent the twelve tribes that receive the word of eternal life and bear twelve kinds of fruit every month.
Teachings and Criticism.
Shincheonji has been criticized on many different levels. First, like many other New Religious Movements, Shincheonji has been considered in Korea as a kind of 이단 or 사이비 종교, which means a "pseudo-religion" and a "heretical cult." Shincheonji's theological doctrines, taught in the six-month Bible curriculum provided through the Zion Mission Center, are claimed to lack logical coherence, legitimacy, and academic foundations; in particular, the methodology of interpreting the Bible as figurative metaphors has received criticism from the orthodox churches. Moreover, Shincheonji's organizational and bureaucratic structure resembling that of the North Korean regime has caused widespread controversy. For example, many families have fallen apart over Shincheonji and many students were encouraged by the movement to drop out of school and suspend their education altogether.
Anti-Shincheonji Task Force.
Because of the growing public awareness of the social problems that Shincheonji caused, an anti-Shincheonji task force team was created in Korea.
Shincheonji National Olympiad.
Held every four years, the Shincheonji National Olympiad is a massive event featuring sports, mass games, and various other activities. The large-scale event showcases “Heavenly Culture,” featuring "a spectacular 12,000-member card performance that will stretch across the stadium seats, painting a story of God's 6,000 years of work", reminiscent of North Korea's Arirang Festival. The 6th SCJ Culture of Heaven and Arts Olympiad on September 16, 2012 was also the debut of the World Peace Initiative, and the event was simultaneously billed as the "6th World Peace Festival," and previously as "International Day of Mannam." Mannam Volunteer Association also offered free bus rides and free shirts to foreign residents living all across South Korea, and was criticised for inviting foreigners to the event under false pretenses, neglecting to mention that their event would be held at the same time and location as the Shincheonji Olympiad.
Mannam Volunteer Association.
Mannam Volunteer Association is a front for the Shincheonji church. The group started in 2003 and continues to function in Korea. Mannam facilitate volunteering in a variety of activities; including teaching the Korean language to expatriates and fundraising for charities.
More recently, Mannam morphed into Mannam International Youth Coalition (MIYC) which turned into International Peace Youth Group (IPYG), which is said to belong to Heavenly Culture, World Peace, Restoration of Light (HWPL) whose chairman is also Lee Man-hee.
Press.
Shincheonji received notice in European press since its Bible seminars were held in May, 2012; Shincheonji chairman Lee Man-Hee embarked on a 12-day journey through Europe. During the seminars, European press and journalists broadcast Shincheonji's word as delivered by Lee. Having listened to Man-Hee Lee's lectures, local pastors in Europe, of various denominations, requested the chairman Lee to come and speak at their own churches.
The media in South Korea has labeled Shincheonji as both a "fringe church" and a cult.

</doc>
<doc id="36754121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754121" title="Jan Gunnar Hoff">
Jan Gunnar Hoff

Jan Gunnar Hoff (born 22 October 1958 in Bodø, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (piano), Composer, Arranger and Professor, living in Bodø, known from cooperations with great Jazz musicians like Pat Metheny, Chick Corea, Lars Danielsson, John Surman, Karin Krog, Maria Joao, Marilyn Mazur, Anders Jormin, Arve Henriksen, Per Jørgensen, Alex Acuna, Mike Stern, Ernst-Wiggo Sandbakk, Per Mathisen, Arild Andersen, Nils Petter Molvær, Ståle Storløkken, Audun Kleive and Mathias Eick.
Career.
Hoff is a graduate of the Teachers' College in Bodø and Bergen, and was further educated on the Jazz program at Trondhein musikkonservatorium under Terje Bjørklund (1986–89), and in Composisjon at Norges Musikkhøgskole (2001). He had his musical debut with his own trio on "Ad Lib Jazzklubb" (1976). He also played in local jazz projects with artists such as Tore Johansen, Roger Johansen, Jon Christensen and Jon Eberson in 1977-78.
Hoff is working as a Professor at the University of Tromsø and the University of Agder. He co-founded "The Groove Valley JazzCamp" in Beiarn, and was artistic director of TGV Jazz camp in the period 2005-2009. Hoff has also initiated "Bodø Jazz Open" which was launched in January 2011, where he is Chairman. In addition he has established its own record label "Magma Music" 2011, as part of his own firm.

</doc>
<doc id="36754129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754129" title="Giles Estcourt (died 1587)">
Giles Estcourt (died 1587)

Giles Estcourt (died 1587), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1563, 1571, 1572, 1584 and 1586.

</doc>
<doc id="36754131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754131" title="Pandora (Kara song)">
Pandora (Kara song)

Pandora is a song by Korean pop girl group Kara. It is the group's title track from their fifth mini-album of the same name and was released digitally to online music sites as well as radio stations on August 22, 2012.
Background.
On August 3, 2012, the group's agency announced that the group will be return later in the month to release their fifth mini-album and were reportedly in the process of selecting a title track. Then on August 6, 2012, the album's name and its title track revealed.
The song was apparently leaked at KBS' radio show, 2FM Super Junior's "Kiss the Radio" on August 17. Following the leak, the group's representatives and the staff working for the show apologized on Twitter and posted a message on the radio community board.
Composition.
The song is a synthpop dance track. It was composed by Han Jae Ho and Kim Seung Soo along with Sweetune. The lyrics are said to be a modern interpretation of the popular Greek myth, "Pandora's Box".
Critical response.
"Enewsworld" editor Erika Kim stated that the group had improved in their vocals. She complimented the member's role within the song and noted some influences from Japanese pop music such as the opening theme songs of magical-girl anime series like "Sailor Moon".
Music video.
Before the release of the song, various video and photo teasers of each members were simultaneously released from August 13 to 17. A ten-second clip of the music video was shown on the August 19 episode of KBS's show "Music Bank". On August 19, Section TV Entertainment News gave a sneak peek of the video as they visited the group on the set and gave a brief interview. The group also revealed that they will be showing a more mature and feminine side compared to their previous material. On the same day, member Park Gyuri also tweeted a photo of herself on set of the music video. On August 20, the final teaser showing the entire group performing part of the song's choreography was shown. The music video eventually premiered on the same day as the single's release date.
Reception.
Follow the music video's release, some concerns were raised regarding the group's suggestive choreography namely the one of their dance moves where they remove their jackets to reveal their backs which had become controversial. A representative for KBS's Music Bank stated that the group may need to make changes if necessary. However no changes were made when the group made their first televised performance on August 24 at the music program to start their weekly album promotion cycle.
Live performances.
The group made their first live performance during their showcase to celebrate the release of the mini-album at the Seoul Walkerhill Hotel on August 22. The group began making weekly appearances on several music programs and performing the song in order to promote their mini-album, Pandora, starting on KBS's show Music Bank.
Chart performance.
The song topped various music charts in Korea following its release alongside the mini-album. The members of the group also became one of the top searched terms on several Korean based search engines namely Naver and Daum throughout the day. It debuted at number 2 in South Korea's Gaon weekly singles chart in the week of August 26 with 28,246,457 points, only behind of the song "I Need You", a duet by Huh Gak and Zia. It also charted in Billboard's Korea K-Pop Hot 100 in the week five of August at the number 3. Other charts of Gaon that "Pandora" also charted are the Streaming chart (in number 13 with 1,279,350 streams), in the Downloads chart (second with 338,054 downloads), in BGM chart at number 59 and Mobile chart at number 23. In the streaming chart, the song climbed ten positions on the following week and peaked at number three with 2,030,232 streams.
It was also voted as the most popular song for the month of August at Melon.

</doc>
<doc id="36754143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754143" title="Christopher Weekes (MP)">
Christopher Weekes (MP)

Christopher Weekes (died 1596), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Salisbury in 1584, 1586 and 1589.

</doc>
<doc id="36754150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754150" title="List of 1964 Summer Olympics medal winners">
List of 1964 Summer Olympics medal winners

The following is a list of medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics, held in Tokyo, Japan, from 10 to 24 October 1964. 
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36754152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754152" title="West Coast Rugby League">
West Coast Rugby League

West Coast Rugby League (WCRL) is the local sporting body responsible for the administration of rugby league in the West Coast region of New Zealand. The WCRL own Wingham Park and are represented by the West Coast rugby league team.
Clubs.
Seven clubs currently compete in the West Coast senior competition;
Grand Final Winners.
These are the Grand Final winners from 1986 to 2012.
History.
The West Coast Rugby League was formed on 3 June, after Canterbury and West Coast played each other earlier in the day.
On the 14 June Kohinoor left the West Coast Rugby Union and two days later, on the 16th, they started the senior club competition with Blackball and Hokitika. The Grey club was added on 6 July.
The West Coast Rugby League went into recess at the end of the year, until being revived in 1919 by J.D. Wingham. Blackball, Kohinoor and Runanga competed in the 1919 competition.
Since then rugby league has traditionally been the most successful team sport in the West Coast. However since the 1990s the West Coast has usually participated in Second Division or South Island competitions and in particular the West Coast missed out on having a team in either the Lion Red Cup or Bartercard Cup, the two main New Zealand Rugby League competitions of the 1990s and 2000s. 
Notable juniors competed in the NRL.
Cobden-Kohinoor

</doc>
<doc id="36754159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754159" title="Chintadripet railway station">
Chintadripet railway station

Chintadripet is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS line. It was opened in November 1995. It is built on the bank of Cooum River alongside Arunachala Street, opposite the new secretariat building. The station will be connected with the Chennai Metro Government Estate station, which is currently under construction. The station building contains a 1150 square metres parking area in its lower level.
Sub-station.
In 1998, a traction sub-station was established at the station to cater to the power requirement of MRTS. As per the regulations of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB), the minimum monthly charges were to be based on the demand actually recorded in a month or 90 per cent of the contracted demand, whichever was higher. Contracted demand for this sub-station was originally fixed at 5,200 KVA, which was subsequently reduced to 2,500 KVA with effect from February 1999.
Maintenance.
In 2010, nearly 3.4 million was spent on various kinds of maintenance activities at the station. The maintenance and beautification effort was carried out for the occasion of the inaugural function of the new secretariat building.

</doc>
<doc id="36754163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754163" title="Fozzy discography">
Fozzy discography

The discography of Fozzy, a heavy metal band from Atlanta, Georgia, consists of 6 studio albums, 1 live album, 2 compilation albums, 2 video albums, 18 singles and 6 music videos.
The band was formed in 1999, by Chris Jericho (vocals) and Rich Ward (guitar).

</doc>
<doc id="36754165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754165" title="Márk Petneházi">
Márk Petneházi

Márk Petneházi (born 4 October 1988 in Hódmezővásárhely) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Dunaújváros PASE.

</doc>
<doc id="36754168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754168" title="Brian Falconer">
Brian Falconer

Brian Falconer (born 2 June 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Perth Football Club in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) and the Hawthorn Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). A wingman, Falconer was one of the few players to transfer from Western Australia to Victoria before the relaxation of transfer conditions, but retired at the age of 27 to concentrate on his career in the public service. He remained involved with Hawthorn after his retirement from playing, and worked to oppose the proposed merger with the Melbourne Football Club in the early 1990s.
Career.
Falconer was born in Perth, Western Australia, and attended Perth Modern School, playing football for the school team, as well as in representative sides. He played for the North Perth team in the Metropolitan Junior Football Association (MJFA) before being recruited by West Perth, making his senior debut in 1952. In his first few seasons, Falconer was hampered by injury, missing a number of matches due to thigh and leg injuries during the 1953 and 1954 seasons. Having been an outstanding schoolboy cricketer, Falconer also played first-grade cricket for North Perth in the WACA District Cricket competition during the summer, batting left-handed. Outside of football, Falconer worked as a clerk at the Department of Supply, and was also a member of the Australian Army Reserve, with army training occasionally conflicting with games.
At the end of the 1955 season, Falconer was one of two players (the other being teammate Eddie Wylde) who were offered contracts by Hawthorn. West Perth coach Peter O'Donohue, who had previously captained Hawthorn, was involved in convincing Falconer to move to Melbourne, with an uncomplicated transfer between jobs in the Commonwealth Public Service also influential in his decision. The VFL's residency requirements meant Falconer was not able to play for the club until midway through the 1956 season. After a number of games for the reserves, in which he was a "star on the wing", according to "The Argus", Falconer made his debut for Hawthorn in round twelve, against . He played the remaining seven games of the season, and shared the club's "Best First Year Player" award with Brendan Edwards. Falconer established himself in Hawthorn's side in 1957, playing every game for the club, and was named the club's "Most Consistent Player" at the end of the season. In the first semi-final against , when much of the game was played during a hailstorm, he kicked a crucial goal right on the three-quarter time siren, having marked a soccer kick off the ground. A regular in the side throughout the following three seasons, Falconer's job restricted his ability to play in later seasons, and eventually forced his retirement from the club at the end of the 1960 season, although he did later play a handful of matches for Waverley in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
Falconer's work in the public service resulting in him moving to Canberra for a period of seventeen years, although he maintained a relationship with Hawthorn during that time, serving on the club's board in the 1960s and 1990s, and on the selection committee from 1965 to 1966. As a member of the committee of the Past Players and Officials Association, Falconer was active in opposing the proposed merger with , and later headed the Membership Policy Committee that was involved in doubling the club's membership in the late 1990s. Having worn the number 36 jumper during his time at the club, Falconer is one of the players involved in the so-called "Curse of 36". His 57 games for the club are the most of any player to wear the number, with other players who have worn the jumper having had an atypical lack of success at senior level.

</doc>
<doc id="36754177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754177" title="Mark Payne (basketball)">
Mark Payne (basketball)

Mark Christopher Payne (born June 17, 1988) is an American professional basketball player. He is left-handed, 6'8" (2.03 m) tall, and he can play as either a shooting guard-small forward, or as a point guard-point forward.
College career.
After playing high school basketball at St. Mary's, in Stockton, California, Payne played college basketball at the University of California, Davis, with the UC Davis Aggies. 
Professional career.
Payne began his pro career in 2011, with the Spanish Second Division club Axarquía. He moved to the Spanish First Division club Málaga during the 2011-12 season. He signed with the Greek League club, Panionios, in the summer of 2012. In September 2013, he signed with PAOK Thessaloniki for the 2013–14 season. 
In June 2014, he signed with Chalons-Reims of the French LNB Pro A.

</doc>
<doc id="36754192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754192" title="François &amp; the Atlas Mountains">
François &amp; the Atlas Mountains

François & the Atlas Mountains are a French/British pop group, combining indie pop, folk pop, and African rhythms.
History.
The band is led by Bristol-based French musician François Marry, who is also a touring member of Camera Obscura. Other members also play in Babe. After growing up in Saintes, and studying at La Rochelle, Marry relocated to Bristol in 2003.
The band's first album was the mostly live "The People To Forget", released in 2006 on the Stitch-Stitch label.
The band's second album, "Plaine Inondable", was released in 2009 on Fence Records in the UK and on Talitres in France to critical acclaim, receiving a four star review from "The Scotsman".
The band's third album, "E Volo Love", was released in 2012, and was also positively received, with "The Skinny" writer Chris Buckle giving it four stars out of five and describing it as "unabashedly romantic...a study in understatement delivered with finesse", and Simon Price in "The Independent" decsribing it as "gentle indie-pop jangle with echoes of Afropop". The album received a 7/10 rating from the "NME".
Marry has also released several lo-fi tapes and records.
Musical style.
The band's music incorporates French and English lyrics, with African rhythms, with Malian rhythms and highlife identified by reviewers. Marry's vocals have been described as "appealingly weedy", with a comparison made to Peter Perrett.

</doc>
<doc id="36754201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754201" title="Lankesterella (protozoa)">
Lankesterella (protozoa)

Lankesterella is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa. Species in this genus infect amphibians. 
The type species is "Lankesterella minima".
History.
This genus was created by Labbe in 1899. 
This genus was also known as "Atoxoplasma". This latter name was coined by Garnham in 1950 for a group of parasites resembling "Toxoplasma" but not transmissible by syringe. 
These genera were united by Lainson in 1959. They were separated again by Levin in 1982.
Description.
Criteria for the specific differentiation of "Lankesterella" are limited. The most commonly described stages the sporozoites found in the peripheral blood erythrocytes. Despite considerable structural divergences that have been observed among the sporozoite shapes, a system for taxonomic differentiation has not been developed. Descriptions of the stages developing in the viscera are less available as they require necropsy of the host.
The oocysts usually contain more than 32 sporozoites. There are no sporocysts.
Life cycle.
In the species that infect amphibians the vectors are leeches. 
The sporozoites invade macrophages or endothelial cells. After development there they invade circulating erythrocytes. The sporozoites may also invade liver parenchyma or tissue macrophages.

</doc>
<doc id="36754227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754227" title="Daniel Tupou">
Daniel Tupou

Daniel Tupou (born 17 June 1991) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of Tongan descent who currently plays for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays wing, fullback and centre.
Playing career.
Born in Sydney, New South Wales, Tupou played his junior football for the Berala Bears and Guildford owls before being signed by the Parramatta Eels. He played for the Eels' NYC team in 2010 and 2011, scoring 9 tries in 22 games before being signed by the Sydney Roosters.
He played for the Roosters' NSW Cup reserve-grade team Newtown Jets in 2012.
In Round 24 of the 2012 NRL season, Tupou made his NRL debut for the Roosters against the Canberra Raiders. In just his second game, Tupou scored 3 tries against the Wests Tigers.
On 12 September 2012, Tupou was named at wing in the 2012 NSW Cup Team of the Year.
The 2013 season saw Tupou become a full-time first grader, scoring 14 tries from 27 games. His most impressive try came in the 2013 NRL Grand Final when he lept over Manly's David Williams to level the game at 6-6. Roosters went on to win the Grand Final 26-18 after being down 18-8 with 30 minutes to go.
Tupou was named in the 24 man Tongan World Cup squad.
On May 20th, 2014,Tupou was selected for State Of Origin for the New South Wales Blues

</doc>
<doc id="36754233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754233" title="Gert Dockx">
Gert Dockx

Gert Dockx (born 4 July 1988) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team .

</doc>
<doc id="36754243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754243" title="Adel El Maamour">
Adel El Maamour

Adel El Maamour is an Egyptian football Goalkeeper who played for Egypt in the 1980 African Cup of Nations. He also played for Zamalek.

</doc>
<doc id="36754254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754254" title="Fathi Mabrouk">
Fathi Mabrouk

Fathi Mabrouk is an Egyptian football Midfielder who played for Egypt in the 1980 African Cup of Nations. He also played for Al Ahly.

</doc>
<doc id="36754255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754255" title="Ashot Yeghiazaryan">
Ashot Yeghiazaryan

Ashot Yeghiazaryan (born 16 June 1943, Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian diplomat, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Armenia to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36754262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754262" title="Mokhtar Mokhtar">
Mokhtar Mokhtar

Mokhtar Mokhtar is an Egyptian football Midfielder who played for Egypt in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754269" title="Bismil Saeedi">
Bismil Saeedi

Bismil Saeedi (1901–1977) (بسمل سعیدی) hailing from Tonk, India, in Rajasthan state, was an Urdu poet who mainly wrote ghazals.
Bismil Saeedi who had settled in Delhi died in Delhi on 26 September 1977.
Literary life.
The Urdu poets of Tonk preferred the style and mannerism of Momin to that of Ghalib. A master of classic diction Bismil Saeedi wrote mainly ghazals. He was a recipient of Ghalib Award and Nehru Award.
A collection of his ghazals titled "Auraq e Zindagi" was published by P.K.Publications in the year 1971. And, another collection of his ghazals, selected and compiled by Makhmoor Saeedi, titled "Intikhab e kalam e Bismil Saidi" was published by the Urdu Akadmi, Delhi. In 2007 his complete works titled "Kulliyat e Bismil Saeedi" were published by the Sahitya Akademi. His other poetical works are "Mushhidat", "Kaif e Alam" and "Nishat e gham".
In 2011, Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University awarded the Ph.D. Degree to Sabiha Kausar Badruddin Ansari on her doctoral dissertation – “Bismil Saeedi – Hayat aur Shairi” (Bismil Saeedi – Life and poetry). A detailed appraisal of his life and works titled "Bismil Saeedi-shakhs aur shair" compiled jointly by Gopal Mittal, Makhmoor Saeedi and Prem Gopal Mittal was published by Nishanil Akademi, New Delhi, in 1976. Zia Fatehabadi, also a disciple of Seemab Akbarabadi, had through his 1975 nazm, "Bismil e ghazal", eulogised his senior whose takhallus, "Bismil", means, “the wounded”.

</doc>
<doc id="36754282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754282" title="Saad Soleit">
Saad Soleit

Saad Soleit is an Egyptian football Midfielder who played for Egypt in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754292" title="Maher Hammam">
Maher Hammam

Maher Hammam is an Egyptian football Defender who played for Egypt in the 1980 African Cup of Nations. He also played for Al Ahli

</doc>
<doc id="36754299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754299" title="Lobang King">
Lobang King

Lobang King (我是Lobang King) is a Singaporean comedy drama which aired on Channel 8 in 2003. It is a spin-off of the popular long-running series "Don't Worry, Be Happy" (敢敢做个开心人), which had just ended its sixth and final season. 
Chew Chor Meng, Huang Wenyong and Tracer Wong remain from the original series. Irene Ang of "Phua Chu Kang" fame and former Star Search finalists Jeff Wang, Joey Ng and Zzen Zhang joined the cast.
Synopsis.
Chew Chor Meng and Huang Wenyong return as the "kiasu" Ah Bee and his penny-pinching uncle Kim Lye respectively.
Ah Bee has set up a real estate company with Taiwanese partner Xu Jiefu. By chance, Jiefu employs Mabel as her English proficiency is crucial when dealing with foreign clients. However, Ah Bee and the recently divorced Mabel are often at loggerheads with each other.
Ah Bee's uncle Kim Lye is boss of a provisions shop. Kim Lye's employee "Mee Siam" is very pretty and often attracts costumers, especially Jiefu who tries to woo her. Later, Kim Lye employs his old friend's son Daji and makes him work long hours without overtime pay to save money.

</doc>
<doc id="36754327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754327" title="MTV Unplugged (disambiguation)">
MTV Unplugged (disambiguation)

MTV Unplugged is a TV series showcasing many popular musical artists usually playing acoustic instruments.
MTV Unplugged may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754345" title="Sarah Kataike">
Sarah Kataike

Sarah Ndoboli Kataike is a Ugandan politician. She is the current State Minister for Health (General Duties) in the Ugandan Cabinet. She was appointed to that position on 15 August 2012. She replaced Richard Nduhura, who was appointed Uganda's Ambassador to the United Nations. She is also the elected Member of Parliament for Budaka District Women's Constituency on the National Resistance Movement (NRM) political party ticket.
Background.
She was born in Budaka District on 21 January 1961.
Education.
Sarah Kataike holds the degree of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture (BSc.Agric.), obtained in 1999, from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest institution of tertiary education, which was founded in 1922. She also holds the degree of Masters of Agricultural Extension and Education (M.Agric.Ext.&Edu), obtained in 2003, also from Makerere University. In addition, she holds several diplomas and certificates in Agriculture, Rural Development and Management.
Work experience.
Her long career began in 1980, when she worked as a Farm Manager, serving in that capacity until 1985. Between 1990 and 1992, she served as the Project Coordinator of a local Vegetable Project in Budaka District. From 1992 until 1994, she served as the Technical Officer at a Mushroom Growing Project in Iganga District.
Between 1994 and 2000, she served as the District Agricultural Officer in Mukono District. From 2002 until 2004, she served as the Country Director for Uganda, The Hunger Project. From 2004 through 2006, she served as the Prrogram Manager of two separate NGOs, working on poverty reduction and hunger alleviation in Africa. In 2007 and 2008, she served as the Chairperson of Budaka District Service Commission. From 2008 through 2010, she served as the World Bank Reintegration Specialist at the "Uganda Amnesty Commission".
In 2011, she entered politics as a contestant for the Budaka District Women's Constituency parliamentary seat. She ran on the ticket of the National Resistance Movement (NRM) political party and won. She was later elected to represent Uganda in the Pan African Parliament (PAP) based in South Africa. In PAP she was elected Chairperson of the Women's Caucus and hence became a member of the Cafe which is the governing body of the Pan African Parliament. She is the current incumbent. In a cabinet reshuffle on 15 August 2012, she was appointed State Minister for Health (General Duties) and henceforth had to resign from the Pan African Parliament as she had become an Executive to serve her country directly.
Personal details.
Sarah Ndoboli Kataike is single. She is of the Anglican faith.
Other responsibilities.
She carries the following additional responsibilities in parliament:

</doc>
<doc id="36754347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754347" title="Last of the Pagans">
Last of the Pagans

Last of the Pagans is a 1935 MGM film. It was based on the Herman Melville novel: Typee.

</doc>
<doc id="36754353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754353" title="The Killer (Shed album)">
The Killer (Shed album)

The Killer is the 2012 album by German techno musician Shed.

</doc>
<doc id="36754378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754378" title="Echidnopsis dammaniana">
Echidnopsis dammaniana

Echidnopsis dammaniana is a succulent species in the genus "Echidnopsis". The plants have angled stems and purple flowers. It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia and is unusual in collections. It can be found at Gibraltar Botanic Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="36754379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754379" title="A Woman of Experience">
A Woman of Experience

A Woman of Experience is a 1931 film starring Helen Twelvetrees based on a play by John Farrow.

</doc>
<doc id="36754391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754391" title="Volkswagen Beetle (disambiguation)">
Volkswagen Beetle (disambiguation)

Volkswagen Beetle could refer to a number of different models by Volkswagen:

</doc>
<doc id="36754413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754413" title="The Common Law (film)">
The Common Law (film)

The Common Law is a 1931 black and white film starring Constance Bennett. The plot of the film is about a kept woman who gives up luxury to move in with a struggling artist.
The Robert W. Chambers novel was filmed twice before in the silent era, in 1916 with Clara Kimball Young and in 1923 with Corinne Griffith.
Reception.
Box Office.
According to RKO records, the film made a profit of $150,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36754426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754426" title="Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil Operations">
Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil Operations

The Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil Operations (ADCO) operates onshore and in shallow coastal waters of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, one of the seven members of the United Arab Emirates which was established on 2 December 1971.
The original concession agreement was made with Petroleum Development (Trucial Coast) Ltd. On 11 January 1939, but geological work did not begin until after the Second World War. Exploratory drilling began in Abu Dhabi in February 1950.
The first commercial oil discovery was made at Bab in 1960, and exports began from the Jebel Dhanna terminal on 14 December 1963. In 1962, the Company was renamed the Abu Dhabi Petroleum Company, ADPC. On 1 January 1973, the Government of Abu Dhabi acquired a 25% interest, which was increased to 60% as from 1 January 1974. The Government interest is held by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, ADNOC.
ADCO was incorporated under Law No. 14 for 1978, on 8 October 1978 and has been responsible, since February 1979, for operations in the concession area, which after relinquishments, now covers more than .
The Company produces mainly from six oil fields:
The company also operates Buhasa Airport and Jebel Dhana Airport

</doc>
<doc id="36754438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754438" title="Grande Autane">
Grande Autane

Grande Autane is a 2,782 m mountain in the Dauphiné Alps close to the cities of Gap and Ancelle in the département of Hautes-Alpes in France.

</doc>
<doc id="36754440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754440" title="Seven Days' Leave (1930 film)">
Seven Days' Leave (1930 film)

"Seven Days' Leave" is a 1930 American drama film produced and directed by Richard Wallace and starring Gary Cooper, Beryl Mercer, and Daisy Belmore. Based on the play "The Old Lady Shows Her Medals" by J. M. Barrie, the film is about a young Canadian soldier who is wounded while fighting in World War I. While recovering from his wounds in London, a YMCA worker tells him that a Scottish widow without a son believes that he is in fact her son. To comfort the widow, the soldier agrees to pretend to be her Scottish son. After fighting with British sailors who make fun of his kilts, he wants to desert, but moved by his mother's patriotism he returns to the war front and is killed in battle. Later the proud Scottish window receives the medals that her "son" was awarded for bravery. Produced by Louis D. Lighton and Richard Wallace for Paramount Pictures, the film was released on January 25, 1930 in the United States.
Critical response.
In his review for the "New York Times", Mordaunt Hall described the film as a "sensitive production" that was "intensely interesting" and "tender, charming and whimsical". Hall credits the film's success to the direction of Richard Wallace and the performances of Beryl Mercer—reprising her role as the elderly charwoman in the original 1917 New York stage production—and the young Gary Cooper.
Hall praised Wallace's realistic depictions of London and the charwomen, and noted the Paramount audience's response of laughter and applause to several scenes. Hall also described the screen adaptation by John Farrow and Dan Totheroh as "a capital piece of work in blending the Barrie lines with scenes that were left to the imagination in the play".
Production.
The screenplay is based on the play "The Old Lady Shows Her Medals" by J. M. Barrie, which premiered in New York on May 14, 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="36754454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754454" title="Shadow of the Law">
Shadow of the Law

Shadow of the Law is a 1930 film starring William Powell.

</doc>
<doc id="36754469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754469" title="Anaesthesia for ocular surgery">
Anaesthesia for ocular surgery

Ocular surgery may be performed under topical, local or general anesthesia. Local anaesthesia is more preferred because it is economical, easy to perform and the risk involved is less. Local anaesthesia has a rapid onset of action and provides a dilated pupil with low intraocular pressure.
History.
Susruta Samhita has evidences of use of anaesthesia for ocular surgeries. Inhalational anaesthesia was used for this purpose. Egyptian surgeons used carotid compression to produce transient ischemia during eye surgery to reduce the perception of pain. In 1884, Karl Koller used cocaine for ocular surgery. The same year, Herman Knapp used cocaine for retrobulbar block. In 1914, van Lint achieved orbicularis akinesia by local injection.
Topical (Surface) anaesthesia.
Surface anaesthesia is given by instillation of 2.5 ml xylocaine. One drop of xylocaine instilled four times after every 4 minutes will produce conjunctival and corneal anaesthesia. Paracaine, tetracaine, bupivacaine, lidocaine etc. may also be used in place of xylocaine. Cataract surgery by phacoemulsification is frequently performed under surface anaesthesia. Facial nerve, which supplies the orbicularis oculi muscle, is blocked in addition for intraocular surgeries. Topical anaesthesia is known to cause endothelial and epithelial toxicity, allergy and surface keratopathy.
Facial block.
There are four types of facial block : van Lint's block, Atkinson block, O' Brien block and Nadbath block.
Retrobulbar block.
This technique was first practiced by Herman Knapp in 1884. Here, 2% xylocaine is introduced into the muscle cone behind the eyeball. The injection is usually given through the inferior fornix of the skin of the outer part of the lower lid when the eye is in primary gaze. The ciliary nerves, ciliary ganglion, oculomotor nerve and abducens nerve are anesthetized in retrobulbar block. As a result, global akinesia, anaesthesia and analgesia are produced. The superior oblique muscle, which is outside the muscle cone, is not usually paralyzed. The complications of retrobulbar block are globe perforation, optic nerve injury, retrobulbar haemorrhage and extraocular muscle palsy. Retrobulbar anaesthesia is contraindicated in posterior staphyloma, high axial myopia and enopthalmos.
Peribulbar block.
This technique was first applied by Davis. In peribulbar block, 6 ml of local anaesthetic is injected to the peripheral spaces of the orbit. The anaesthetic diffuses into the muscle cone and eyelids, causing global and orbicularis akinesia and anaesthesia. After injection, orbital compression is applied for around 15 minutes.
Regional (local) anaesthesia.
Nearly all ocular surgeries "viz" keratoplasty, cataract extraction, glaucoma surgery, iridectomy, strabismus, retinal detachment surgery etc. can be done under regional anaesthesia. Conjunctiva, globe and orbicularis can be paralysed using a combination of surface anaesthesia, facial anaesthesia and retrobulbar block. The advantage is that it produces less post-operative restlessness. It has less post-operative lung complications and less bleeding.
General anaesthesia.
General anaesthesia is preferred for ocular surgeries in anxious adults, psychiatric patients, infants and children. It is also indicated in perforating ocular injuries and major surgeries like exenteration. During the surgery, it has to be ensured that no carbon dioxide retention occurs. If this occurs, the choroid swells up and ocular contents may prolapse as soon as the eye is opened. The advantages of general anaesthesia is that it produces complete akinesia, controlled intraocular pressure and safe operating environment. It is the safest option for bilateral surgery. The complications of general anaesthesia are laryngospasm, hypotension, hypercarbia, respiratory depression and cardiac arrhythmia.

</doc>
<doc id="36754480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754480" title="Inside the Lines">
Inside the Lines

Inside the Lines is a 1930 Pre-code talking film spy drama starring Betty Compson, Ralph Forbes and Mischa Auer. Directed by Roy Pomeroy (who also was the associate producer) from a screenplay by John Farrow and Ewart Adamson, which in turn was based on the 1915 Broadway play of the same name by Earl Derr Biggers. This version is a remake of the 1918 silent version, also with the same name. This film exists in the public domain after failure to renew the copyright after 27 years.
Plot.
Jane Gershon is engaged to Eric Woodhouse, living in Germany prior to the onset of World War I. When the war breaks out, they are forced to separate, but are reunited months later in Gibraltar, at the British fortress there. Both are supposedly German spies with orders to destroy the British fleet, anchored in the harbor.
Not fully trusting either of them, the German government has sent another agent, the Hindu Amahdi, to ensure that their sabotage plans are carried out. Both Jane and Eric believe the sincerity of the other as a German agent. When it appears that Jane's attempt to destroy the fleet is uncovered, to save her, Eric takes the blame and seemingly commits suicide. However, when Ahmadi uncovers the truth that Jane is really a double agent for the British government, he attempts to go through with the sabotage. When he is about to kill Jane due to her treachery, Eric reappears and kills him instead, saving Jane's life. When Jane discovers that Eric is also a British double agent, they are happily reunited.
Notes.
The play of the same name, on which this screenplay was based, was produced in 1915 at the Longacre Theatre
This film is a remake of the 1918 silent version, also titled "Within the Lines", which was directed by David H. Hartford, and starred Lewis Stone and Marguerite Clayton, based on a screenplay by Monte M. Katterjohn. The silent version was produced by Delcah Photoplays, Inc. and Pyramid Film Corporation, and distributed by the World Film Company. 

</doc>
<doc id="36754498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754498" title="Mahanambrata Brahmachari">
Mahanambrata Brahmachari

Mahanambrata Bramhachari was a Hindu Monk who headed the Mahanam Sampraday in present day Bangladesh.A yogi and monk of Mahauddharan order, a vaisnava school of Bengal he was a philosopher, writer, and religious master .
Mahanambrata's early life.
He began his schooling in a nearby Pathshala primary school in 1909. At that time his father lost his eyesight. Mahanambrata therefore dedicated himself to his blind father's service, reading him aloud Hindu scriptures. He gave up English school education, being instead inspired by the clarion call of Chittaranjan Das who called English education a 'Slave making machine'. On hearing of Prabhu Jagadbandhu, considered an incarnation of Sri Chaitanya who came out of his cottage at Sri Angan, Faridpur town after isolation for about 17 years from the outside world, He was inspired to travel 80 miles on foot to pay homage to Prabhu Jagadbandhu . Sripad Mahendrajee, the chief Sebait of Prabhu,brought Mahanambrata close to the Prabhu who he considered his guru.
Dr Mahanambrata's life as an Ascetic.
His father breathed his last in 1922. After the funeral he went to Sri Angan, Faridpur to take sanyasa of Mahanam Sampradaya, the association dedicated for the propagation of teachings of Prabhu Jagadbandhu. But Sripad Mahendraji, the then spiritual master of Mahanam Sampradaya asked him because of his youth to return home, pass the Matriculation examination first and thereafter think of sanyasa. His eagerness for ascetic life prompted him to take the first available opportunity to sit for the Matriculation examination. As he was out of touch with English education he had to study anew. In 1923 he appeared at the Matriculation examination and obtained District Scholarship. Then he left home for good, came to Sri Angan, Faridpur and was initiated into sanyasa by Sripad Mahendraji with the name of Mahanambrata. Mahendraji, asked him to take admission in Rajendra College, Faridpur for further studies. After performing various duties of the Ashram and attending College-classes he had hardly any time for studies. On many an occasion he had to carry on without mid-day meals because of poor financial condition of the Ashram and his absence during mealtime for attending College classes. With such trials and tribulations he passed B.A. Exam in 1928 with Honours in Sanskrit. He obtained M.A. in Sanskrit, from Calcutta University in 1931 obtaining first class first position while sick.
Mahendraji as President of Mahanam Sampradaya received an invitation from the President of World Fellowship of Faiths, Chicago, U.S.A. to send a delegate to its conferences. He sent Mahanambrata Brahmachari, to represent the sampraday in the U.S.A. Bramhachari obtained a PhD in Vaishnav Theology from the University of Chicago.While there he had many discussions with religious thinker Thomas Merton.Merton was surprised when Bramhachari directed Merton to explore his own Christian tradition and spiritual roots rather than learn more about Hinduism. Merton acknowledged the role of Bramhachari in making him discover Catholicism
Partition of India and beyond.
After the partition of India and Pakistan in 1947, he remained in the then East Pakistan (now Bangladesh), in order to safeguard and protect the religion and culture of minority Hindus of his motherland. After the atrocities Hindus faced at the hand of the Pakistani Army, he set up Devasthali Samskar Samity to raise funds for reconstruction of temples and reinstallation of deities .He was present during reinstallation at many places like Dhaka, Narayangonj, Brahmanbaria, Sylhet, Sunamgonj, Faridpur, Chattagram etc. In 1975 he founded Bangladesh Sanatan Dharma Mahamondal to look after the religious and cultural interests and heritages of Hindus, being its founder President.

</doc>
<doc id="36754499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754499" title="Tears on Tape">
Tears on Tape

Tears on Tape is the eighth studio album by Finnish band, HIM, released April 26, 2013 in Finland, April 29, 2013 in Europe, and on April 30, 2013 in the US and Canada.
Background.
At the beginning of 2011 HIM parted ways with Sire Records. In May the band began rehearsing songs for the full-length follow-up to 2010's "". After a few months of rehearsals the band's drummer, Mika Karppinen, began complaining of pain in his wrists. Medical examinations concluded that he had nerve damage in his hands and arms caused by repetitive stress. Karppinen was told by his doctors to stop drumming so that he would have time to heal. During this time the band's singer, Ville Valo, was said to have filled in on drums while working on new material. Subsequent treatments were successful and after about eight months the band was able to start rehearsing with Karppinen again.
Rehearsals began in summer of 2012 and in September the band entered Finnvox Studios in Helsinki, Finland to begin tracking for the new album with producer Hiili Hiilesmaa. This would be their fourth album recorded at the famed studio as well as their fourth with Hiilesmaa at the helm. During this time, live in-studio performances were recorded in both audio and video to be used as bonus tracks. This was the same session that produced the music video for their cover of the Ké song "Strange World", released on the compilation "XX – Two Decades of Love Metal". In November, 2012 Tim Palmer began mixing tracks in London and completed in early December.
Because the band had lacked a label the new album was paid for out of pocket, putting them in a unique position of owning all publishing rights to their music which allowed them to shop the album to various labels for distribution. In February of 2013 it was announced that the new album would be licensed to three separate record companies, one for each market. Agreements were reached with Universal Records in Europe, Razor & Tie in the United States, and Cooking Vinyl's new rock imprint DoubleCross in the United Kingdom and Ireland. With this new strategy came the decision to release separate singles simultaneously to each market. The track "Into the Night" was chosen for the Finnish market, "All Lips Go Blue" for the UK and US, and "Tears on Tape" for the rest of Europe. Music videos were filmed for each single in late February to early March 2013.
"Tears on Tape" is the first HIM release to include instrumental interludes.
Artwork and packaging.
The album's artwork, created by Daniel P. Carter, consists of a snake, circling the heartagram which is encased in a heptagram, or more specifically the Seal of Babalon. There are markings on the snake's back, a code in Malachim which when decoded says, "Tears on tape, I will follow into your heart sketching rain from afar. Tears on tape, she surrenders needle in arm while we dance into the storm." These are the chorus lyrics from the album's title track.
The album has been offered in several special editions and bundles. On February 15 Metal Hammer Magazine announced that they would be offering a preorder fanpack that includes the full UK release album, two bonus tracks, a double-sided door poster, and a 132 page magazine edited by Ville Valo. The demand for this preorder was so high that the ordering website's server was overloaded and briefly orders could only be made by telephone. In the United States, MerchNow has offered several preorder bundles including various pieces of apparel, posters, CD/DVD combo, digital downloads, and four limited edition vinyl versions of the album in transparent green, transparent blue, clear, and cream.
Track list.
Music by HIM & Lyrics by Valo.
Credits.
Produced & Engineered by Hiili Hiilesmaa. Recorded at Finnvox Studios, Helsinki. Assisted by Jesse Oliver Valo & Sebastian Bisso.
Mixed by Tim Palmer at Assault & Battery Studios, London. Assisted by John Catlin. Additional mixing/recording at '62 Studios, Room 332 & T.O.S.
Mastered by Ted Jensen at Sterling Sound, NYC.
Art by Daniel P. Carter. Layout by Rami Mursula.
Management by Hinterland.
Music & lyrics by Valo.
Published by Heartagram. Licensed by Himsalabim Oy.
Charts.
On May 8, 2013 Razor & Tie announced that Tears on Tape had sold 20,200 copies in its first week in the United States alone, making it HIM's second highest charting album in the United States behind "Venus Doom".

</doc>
<doc id="36754500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754500" title="The Wheel of Life (film)">
The Wheel of Life (film)

The Wheel of Life is a 1929 film starring Richard Dix.

</doc>
<doc id="36754506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754506" title="Le Piolit">
Le Piolit

Le Piolit is a 2,464 m mountain in the Dauphiné Alps close to the cities of Gap and Ancelle in the département of Hautes-Alpes in France.

</doc>
<doc id="36754524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754524" title="The Bride of the Colorado">
The Bride of the Colorado

The Bride of the Colorado is a 1928 film starring John Boles.

</doc>
<doc id="36754543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754543" title="Tomo Gluić">
Tomo Gluić

Tomo Gluić (born 26 July 1983) is a Croatian football player. , he plays for NK Zadar.

</doc>
<doc id="36754544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754544" title="The First Kiss (film)">
The First Kiss (film)

The First Kiss is a 1928 American silent romantic-drama film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Fay Wray and Gary Cooper. Based on the short story "Four Brothers" by Tristram Tupper, the film is about a Chesapeake Bay fisherman who turns to pirating in order to be rich enough to marry a society girl. 
"The First Kiss" was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. Today it is considered a lost film. Some filming took place on the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="36754554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754554" title="Moonlight Serenade (disambiguation)">
Moonlight Serenade (disambiguation)

"Moonlight Serenade" is a 1939 American popular song with original music by Glenn Miller and subsequent lyrics by Mitchell Parish.
Moonlight Serenade may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754556" title="Francesco of Saluzzo">
Francesco of Saluzzo

Francesco Ludovico of Saluzzo (February 25, 1498 in Saluzzo – March 28, 1537 in Carmagnola), was Marquess of Saluzzo between 1529 and 1537.
Francesco was the third son of Ludovico II of Saluzzo and Margaret of Foix-Candale. He became ruler of Saluzzo when Francis I of France deposed Francesco's elder brother Giovanni Ludovico, who had tried to ally Saluzzo with Emperor Charles V.
Owing his title to the French King, Francesco couldn't prevent the Marquisate of Saluzzo becoming a satellite state of France. When John George, last Marquess of neighbouring Marquisate of Montferrat died, Francesco claimed the succession. But Montferrat was occupied by the Spanish under Emperor Charles V of Habsburg, who gave it to his ally Federico II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua.
Francesco died in 1537 without heirs, and the rule of Saluzzo passed on to his youngest brother Gabriel.

</doc>
<doc id="36754564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754564" title="The Woman from Moscow">
The Woman from Moscow

The Woman from Moscow is a 1928 film starring Pola Negri. This was Negri's last silent film released with musical score and sound effects.

</doc>
<doc id="36754565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754565" title="514th Operations Group">
514th Operations Group

The 514th Operations Group (514 OG) is a United States Air Force Reserve unit, assigned to the 514th Air Mobility Wing. It is stationed at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey. 
Overview.
The 514th Operations Group is the flying component of the 514th Air Mobility Wing. The group flies aircraft assigned to the active-duty 305th Air Mobility Wing, also based at McGuire. The 514 OG shares the responsibility of maintaining and flying the KC-10A Extender and the C-17 Globemaster III.
History.
The 514th trained in the U.S. with C-46 and C-47 aircraft before moving to India in November 1944, beginning operations in early December as part of the combined Combat Cargo Task Force. It transported reinforcements and supplies for Allied forces in Burma until May 1945. Operations included moving equipment and materials for the Ledo Road in December 1944; transporting men, mules, and boats when the Allies crossed the Ayeyarwady River in February 1945; and dropping Gurkha paratroops during the assault on Rangoon in May. The group moved to Burma in June and hauled ammunition, gasoline, mules, and men to China until the war ended.
The group trained in the Reserve for troop carrier operations, May 1947 until the establishment of the wing in 1949 and from then until February 1953 first at Birmingham, Alabama under supervision of the 2587th Air Force Reserve Training Center but moved without personnel or equipment to Mitchel Air Force Base, New York during its first year. The wing was ordered to active service in May 1951. From then until February 1953, the wing performed troop carrier missions in tactical exercises and joint training operations. It operated a C-46 combat crew training school from 15 September 1952 to 20 January 1953.
Activated in the Reserve in Aug 1992 to fly strategic airlift missions. Provided trained personnel to augment active force in emergencies. Personnel assigned to its squadrons participated in contingency airlift operations, some to Africa, and in training exercises. The group also began flying air refueling missions in 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="36754585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754585" title="Superstar K4">
Superstar K4

Superstar K4 () is the fourth season of the South Korean television talent show series Superstar K, which premiered on 17 August 2012 on M.net and airs every Friday night at 11PM KST. Lee Seung-Chul and Yoon Mi-Rae returned as judges, and were joined by singer/songwriter PSY who replaced Yoon Jong-Shin who had been a judge in the last two seasons. 
2,083,447 applicants were recorded for this season, surpassing the record set by the previous season.
Selection process.
As with the previous seasons, applicants were able to apply via the internet, phone or in person. However, with this season, the options of applying via KakaoTalk and karaoke also became available.
Auditions.
Preliminary Auditions for the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Regionals were held in these cities:
Finals.
Due to the adoption of 12 finalists in Superstar K4 compared to 10 and 11 finalists in the previous seasons, the format was changed by which three finalists are eliminated in the first week, and two in the following three weeks till the Top 5 is reached (exceptions including the judges decision to save DickPunks in the Top 7 week). Judge PSY was replaced from the Top 9 week by singer Yoon Gun, due to his decision to commit to promoting his song 'Gangnam Style (강남스타일)' overseas. The elimination of a contestant will be determinant upon who has the lowest number of points: with 60 percent of the points from a live text poll, 30 percent from the judges' decision and 10 percent from a pre-broadcast online poll.
Top 3 - Judge's Mission / Contestant's Favourite Song.
Each contestant performed two songs: a song from the judge that each had been assigned to be coached from, and a song of personal choice. For the judge mission, DickPunks were assigned to the mentorship of Yoon Mi-Rae, Jung Joon-Young to Lee Seung-Chul and Roy Kim to Yoon Gun.

</doc>
<doc id="36754587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754587" title="Three Weekends">
Three Weekends

Three Weekends is a 1928 film starring Clara Bow. It is considered a lost film, with only fragments surviving in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="36754606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754606" title="Mass for You at Home">
Mass for You at Home

Mass For You At Home is the longest running Australian religious television programme; it is Australia's third longest running television programme. The programme has been broadcast by Network Ten since August 1971 and is intended to allow for observant Catholics, particularly those with mobility problems, to participate in a mass from their own home. Mass For You At Home is broadcast on Eleven on Sundays at 5.30am, Network Ten on Sundays at 6am and Aurora Channel on Foxtel every day. The programme is also available online here and includes a simultaneous translation into Auslan. The programme typically has thousands of viewers around Australia.
Geoffrey Baron was a celebrant on this programme for 30 years. During 2006 Baron received national attention as a result of an altercation with teenagers that was recorded and subsequently uploaded to YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="36754608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754608" title="A Sailor's Sweetheart">
A Sailor's Sweetheart

"A Sailor's Sweetheart" is a 1927 film directed by Lloyd Bacon.

</doc>
<doc id="36754639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754639" title="The Wreck of the Hesperus (film)">
The Wreck of the Hesperus (film)

The Wreck of the Hesperus is a 1927 silent film based on the famous poem. It was an early credit for later film director John Farrow.

</doc>
<doc id="36754649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754649" title="Rodney S. Quinn">
Rodney S. Quinn

Rodney Sharon Quinn (May 27, 1923 – October 27, 2012) was an American politician from Maine. A Democrat, he served as the Secretary of State of Maine from 1979 to 1988. He was first elected to the Maine House of Representatives in 1974, after running three times from Gorham. He served as Assistant Majority Leader in the 108th legislature (1977-1979).
At 16, Quinn enlisted in the United States Army and two years later entered pilot training in the United States Army Air Force. He served as a pilot in 1942 during World War II with the Fourteenth Air Force in mainland China as one of seven forward air observers under general Chiang Kai-shek as well as piloting transport planes. He spent the next 27 years in the Army Air Corp and later the United States Air Force, retiring at 45 as a lieutenant colonel. 
He attended college while in the Air Force and, after nine years of night school, Quinn earned a B.A. from Sacramento State College followed by a M.A. in political science from Stanford University. He began a Ph.D. at George Washington University but ended his studies when his wife developed cancer, leaving the Air Force during her surgery, from which she recovered fully. He moved to Maine with his wife and their four children, and taught at Cheverus High School in Portland, during which time he was elected to the Gorham Town Council.
Maine is one of three state to elect constitutional officers by legislature, not directly from voters, which leads to the majority party electing their candidate. In 1978, Quinn was elected as the Secretary of State of Maine by the Maine Legislature by one vote over Republican former gubernatorial candidate Linwood Palmer, despite a two seat majority for the Republicans in the Legislature.
Political Views.
Quinn advocated for a return to machine politics, in which party bosses largely decide the party nominee, not "activists". He advocated for the return of the straight ticket device, which was removed in 1972 in Maine, to ensure party loyalty.
In April 2011, Quinn published an op-ed in the "Portland Press Herald" criticizing 2010 independent candidate for Governor Eliot Cutler with helping to elect Republican governor Paul LePage, calling Cutler ""a distraction and a danger"". Cutler finished second to LePage and nearly 100,000 votes ahead of Democratic nominee Libby Mitchell, but approximately 10,000 votes behind LePage.
Death.
Quinn died of pneumonia at a hospice in Scarborough, Maine, in October 2012. His wife Melba had died earlier in the month. He was 89.

</doc>
<doc id="36754678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754678" title="Gaston Salasiwa">
Gaston Salasiwa

Gaston Salasiwa (born 31 Augustus 1986 in Zaandam) is a Dutch professional footballer of Moluccan descent who plays as a defender for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36754683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754683" title="David Adiele">
David Adiele

David Adiele is a Nigeria football Defender who played for Nigeria in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754686" title="Okey Isima">
Okey Isima

Okey Isima (24 August 1956 – 18 February 2013) was a Nigerian football Defender who played for Nigeria in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.
Personal Life.
The seventh of ten children, Isima and his wife lived in Atlanta and had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="36754687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754687" title="Sora's Diary">
Sora's Diary

The was the memorandum of Kawai Sora in 1689 and 1691 when he accompanied Matsuo Bashō, on his noted journeys. This diary was indispensable in the study of "Oku no Hosomichi" by Matsuo Bashō.
The diary.
The presence of this diary had been known and it was re-discovered and published by Yasusaburo Yamamoto in 1943. It was designated an Important Cultural Properties of Japan on June 15, 1978. The diary was 11 cm in length, 16.5 cm in width and 2 cm in thickness; the book cover was indigo and the volume contained 100 sheets of paper, including 4 white sheets. There were 11 sheets of paper pasted. Inside the diary, there were no such divisions. The diary was called also "Sora Nikki (Sora Diary)" and "Zuiko Nikki (Diary of Sora accompanying Basho". In the diary, there were no emotional sentences such as seen in "Oku no Hosomichi". The names of land visited and the distance between a place to another were exactly recorded. The recording of time in the middle of Edo era in this diary is noted as most exact one. It was shown in Earthly Branches and the time was shown in three divisions. He wrote that while they worshiped at shrines or prayed before shrines, they only visited or saw temples, indicating that he was an earnest Shintoist.
Engishiki Shinmeicho (List of kami).
Engishiki: This was a list of kami by Sora, who studied Shinto under Yoshikawa Koretari (1616–1695) in preparation for their travels. It occupies the beginning of the diary, up to the halfway point of the 12th sheet of paper.
Utamakura memorandum.
In preparation for the trip, he wrote an utamakura memorandum based on the "Ruiji Meisho Wakashū" and Narayama Shuha. It consumes 8 sheets, starting on the back of the 12th sheet. Findings in the trip were added between the lines. One sheet of paper was pasted. This is also called the "Meisho Memorandum".
1689 diary.
Yosa Buson drew an illustration of "Oku no hosomichi" showing Basho on the horseback accompanied by Sora. This diary was of the trip shown in Buson's illustration. On 33 and a half sheets of paper, it begins with the two leaving Fukagawa in Edo in March during the second year of Genroku, and ends with Sora departed for Ise and Nagashima on August 5. Between these two events, Sora recorded everything in the journey, including the real dates, weather, schedule, and stays in inns. This has become an important document for the study of Oku no Hosomichi. On September 3, Sora rejoined Basho at Ogaki, and the two returned to Fukagawa on November 13. Sora recorded details of the trip.
1691 diary.
Sora started on March 4, 1691 and arrived at Nagashima on July 25. This diary is also called the Kinki Area Journey Diary. Starting at the latter half of the 1689 diary, the diary was described for 23 sheets of paper to Haikai Kakidome. Most were on his visits to shrines and temples at Yoshino, Koyasan. Kumano, Wakaura, Suma, Akashi. He recorded the shrines and temples and Utamakura. He visited Basho who was staying at Sagaraku Kakisha, and recorded Basho and his disciples who were editing "Sarumino".
Haikai Kakidome.
Haikai Kakidome recorded the hokku (starting verse of a renku) and haikus of Basho and Sora during their journey and the haiku meetings during their journey. This is an important document in order to know the original form of their haikus.
Zatsuroku (trivia).
On the Japanese archery, anecdotes on Teishitsu which Sora recorded at Yamanaka Spa, names and addresses of persons Sora and Basho met on their journeys, old haikus; these were jotted down.
History prior to rediscovery.
The original book "Sora Hon" had been present together with a copied manuscript of Oku no Hosomichi in the same box made of paulownia wood. This book was sent to Koya Family where Sora was born. When the Koya Family ended, this book was under the control of Kasai Family, who was the family of the mother of Sora. Kasai Shutoku, of the Kasai Family, was married with the daughter of one elder sister of Sora. He respected Sora. He edited a book "Yukimaruke" concerning Sora from various documents of Sora. Chikurinsha Shujin of Sendai wrote Wakodo had originally retained the Diary of Sora. According to a Journal of History of Suwa in 1967, the diary of Sora was illegally taken away from the Kasai Family. Namely Wakodo defrauded the Kasai Family of Sora's diary. Wakodo bought 8 items of Kasai Family including the diary at 58 ryō Tael but paid only 10 ryō. Wakodo was punished by the Takashima han, but the diary was not returned. On the original box, there was a formal letter of transfer of the original Okuno Hosomichi and Sora's diary by the name of Wakodo. Later Matsudaira Shimanokami, one of the daimyo, bought the box. Honma Keishi attested to it. On the Sora's diary, fragments of documents were occasionally seen. For instance, Yokazetei Uko wrote the summary of the Diary from April 21 at Shirakawa to May 9 at Matsushima in "Aokage Shu". Asukaen Isso wrote the summary from the start to May 17 at Obanazawa.
Rediscovery.
In Meiji years, the book was possessed by Kuwahara Shinzo of Osaka, which went to Saito Ikuta of Ito, who had been a famous collector of classical fine arts. It was passed to Saito Hirosuke. Yamamoto Yasusaburo heard of it and with the introduction of Sato Seiiji, he witnessed the airing of summer in 1938. Yamamoto discovered the Diary of Sora among other items of classical fine arts. He published the Diary under the title of the "Sora's Diary of Oku no Hoshomichi accompanying Basho, with the 1791 Diary" at the Ogawa Shoten in July 1943. Incidentally, this year was the 250th birthday year of Basho's death and the 300th anniversary of the birth of Basho. The second printing was made in December of the same year, and the third printing was in September 1944. The 4th printing was made in 1946. Seiichiro Sugiura visited Hirosuke Saito, the owner living at Uemeguro, with Saburo Miyamoto and examined the Diary on November 5, 1950. Sugiura's original idea was to obtain the Diary in Wataya Bunko of Tenri Library, however, it was not realized. In the course of time, Seiichiro Sugiura had to possess the Diary. He wrote in the first issue of Renga Haikai Kenkyu that this Diary should be studied by researchers and obtained it. After his death, the Diary was presented to the Wataya Bunko of Tenri Library by his wife in February 1959.
Two manuscripts discovered.
In 1951, two manuscripts were discovered. One was in the possession of kan-nushi Nasu -Onsen-Jinja, called Giyu Hitomi, and the diary is called Hitomi-Book, and the other is in the possession of Oyamada Family, and the diary is called Oyamada-Book.
Contribution to the study of Oku no Hosomichi.
Previous to the rediscovery of Sora's diary, the studies on Oku no Hosomichi were based on indirect findings
Yamamoto wrote in the beginning of his book　that, "If this diary still exists today in a complete state, it is a miracle beyond my comprehension. For the approximately 250 years from the trip to the narrow road of Oku until today, in spite of there being enough distinguished writings on Basho to make an ox sweat to carry them or to fill a library to the rafters, this still represents a historical document the likes of which has never seen the light of day."
Shida Gishu was asked to write a preface of Yamamoto's book and wrote that this diary would contribute greatly to the study of Oku no Hosomichi, and every study would contribute to the proof of this diary and attested to the real writings of Sora with various examples of proof. This problem had been under dispute in 1951 in the Kokubungaku, Kaishaku to Kansho, Yamamoto's original book contains mistakes and misprintings. Thereafter, there have been several books on the corrected Sora's diary.Atsuko Kanamori, a Japanese historian, :ja:金森敦子 tried to explore the Sora's diary; studying the references and travelling herself on the route. She concluded that the length of the travel was really only 450 ri(around 720 miles). She counted the time of every part in the diary, and studied especially the entry into and leaving the checking stations of the hans, for instance, the Sendai Domain at that time and how they managed local haiku poets.

</doc>
<doc id="36754695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754695" title="The Killer (Impious album)">
The Killer (Impious album)

The Killer is a 2002 album by death metal band Impious.

</doc>
<doc id="36754700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754700" title="Video gaming in South Africa">
Video gaming in South Africa

Video gaming in South Africa is the largest market in Africa. The market is overtaking the market in movies and music in the country.
Whilst the American market for video games has declined, it's increasing in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36754722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754722" title="Disability classification in golf">
Disability classification in golf

Disability golf classification is used for deaf golf, blind golf, amputee golf, golf for the mentally challenged, paraplegic golf and other forms of golf involving the disabled.
Classifications.
Blind golf.
Blind golf is a version of the sport of golf adapted for blind and partially sighted players.
History.
The earliest record of blind golf is from the 1920s in the USA: Clint Russell of Duluth, Minnesota, who lost his sight when a tire exploded in his face, began playing blind golf in 1925. Gradually increasing his scores, Clint managed to shoot an 84 for 18 holes in the early 1930s. A match between two blind Englishmen and two Americans took place before the Second World War.
Organized blind golf tournaments have taken place in America since the United States Blind Golf Association (USBGA) was established in 1947. The International Blind Golf Association (IBGA) was established in 1997 at a meeting held in Perth, Western Australia.
The American Blind Golf organization was established in 2001 to promote the game of golf to blind and vision impaired persons.
Classification.
The Blind golf classification existed by 1990 and was used at the Australian Open Golf Tournament for the Blind and Visually Impaired. The four classifications were B1, B2, B3 and B4. Classifications in use at the time included B1, B2 and B3.
B1 was defined as "No light perception in either eye, up to some light perception but inability to recognize the shape of a hand at any distance or in any direction." 
B2 was defined as "the ability to recognize the shape of a hand up to visual acuity of 2/60, or a visual field of less than 5 degrees." 
B3 was defined as "visual acuity above 20/60, up to visual acuity of 6/60 and/or visual field of above 5 degrees and less than 20 degrees." 
B4 was defined as "visual acuity of 6/60 up to visual acuity of 6/46." 
The blind classifications are based on medical classification, not functional classification. The classification process for blind golf is governed by the International Blind Golf Association.
Playing blind golf.
Blind golf is outstanding in the area of disabled sports in that it includes only minor modifications to the standard rules of golf. The principle of playing is that blind or partially sighted golf players have a sighted "coach" who assists the golfer in describing distance, direction and characteristics of the hole, and helps with club head alignment behind the ball, prior to the stroke. From that point, the golfer is on his own, and it is her/his skill that determines the resulting stroke.
Other than the coach, there is only one relaxation to the standard rules: blind or partially sighted golfers are allowed to ground their club in a hazard.
Blind golf competitions are set in classes determined by the golfer’s level of sight (see above) using the same categories as in other branches of sports played by the visually impaired.
The Canadian Blind Golf Association was established in 1951. However, it has not been a functioning association since the mid-1980s. The Western Division and Ontario Visually Impaired Golf Association continued to operate independently and are currently making efforts to restructure the Canadian Association. The Canadian association runs several events and maintains a website at http://www.blindgolf.ca.
The Canadian Association uses the same standards as the International Blind Sports Federation, with one exception: level of sight classification is based on acuity only, and not field of vision. The rationale is that golf is a dead ball sport and a player with "tunnel vision" can see the ball clearly when striking it.
American Blind golf was established in 2001. ABG partners with blind charities to raise money for blind services. ABG holds annual tournaments and fund raising events in San Antonio, Texas, Wadsworth Ohio and Lompoc California. The motto of ABG is " inspire, motivate and serve all of those who deal with the loss of sight". The ABG website is www.americanblindgolf.com
Governance.
The International Blind Golf Association overseas blind golf. The sport is not played at the Paralympics.
The IBGA conducts a world championship every two years. The 2004 world championship tournament was held in Australia. Other tournaments sanctioned by the IBGA include National Open events in Australia, Great Britain, Canada, Japan and the USA. There are currently nine member countries in the IBGA: Australia, Canada, England, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Northern Ireland, Scotland and the United States of America.
Paralympic Games.
Disability golf was not on the Paralympic program as of 2009. Efforts at that time to include it on the program for the 2016 games were made; however, a decision was made in December 2010 not to include it.

</doc>
<doc id="36754724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754724" title="2012–13 Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball team">
2012–13 Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball team represented Iowa State University in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach, Fred Hoiberg, was in his third season as a head coach. The team played its home games at Hilton Coliseum in Ames, Iowa and were members of the Big 12 Conference. They finished the season with 23–12 overall, 11–7 in Big 12 play to finish in fourth place. They advanced to the semifinals of the 2013 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament where they lost to Kansas. They received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament and received a #10 seed in the West Region. They defeated Notre Dame in the second round before falling in the third round to Ohio State.
Schedule.
!colspan=12 style="background:#FFD700; color:#C41E3A;"| Exhibition
!colspan=12 style="background:#C41E3A; color:#FFD700;"| Non-conference Regular Season
!colspan=12 style="background:#C41E3A; color:#FFD700;"| Big 12 Regular Season
!colspan=12 style="background:#FFD700; color:#C41E3A;"| 2013 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=12 style="background:#FFD700; color:#C41E3A;"| 2013 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36754734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754734" title="St Mary's Church, Hunton">
St Mary's Church, Hunton

St Mary's Church is a parish church in Hunton, Kent. It was begun in the late 11th or the 12th century and is a Grade I listed building.
Building.
The church was begun in the late 11th century or in the 12th century and was altered and extended in the 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th and 19th centuries. The church is constructed of uncoursed rag-stone rubble and has plain tiled roofs. It was restored in 1876 by Ewan Christian.
The nave is adjoined by an aisle on the south side and the chancel has a chapel on its south side and a vestry to its north. The west tower is 13th century and comprises three stages divided by ashlared stone bands. The outer facing corners have diagonal buttresses. Single lancet windows punctuate the north, south and west sides of the second and third stages. The spire is pyramidal with wood shingle covering, which also covers the lean-to roof of the stair turret on the south-east side of the tower. 
The south aisle is 15th century. The rubble wall has a single buttress adjacent to the south porch on the west end and a plain parapet. A pair of two-lighted rectangular windows are on the south side and a two-lighted pointed arch window is in the west end. The porch is diagonally buttressed on the outer corners with a gabled roof. The south chapel was rebuilt or refaced in 1866 in with two-lighted rectangular windows in 15th century style. The north wall of the nave is from the late 11th century or from the 12th century with quoins of tufa stone. Two two-lighted windows traceried with quatrefoil and sexfoil decoration are late 13th century or early 14th century. A 15th-century three-lighted window is located in the centre of the north façade. The chancel is mostly 13th century with elements contemporaneous with the nave. The three-lighted east window is 19th century, but in 15th century style. The north façade contains a broad lancet window. The vestry was probably added in 1866 and has two lancet windows on the north side and a doorway on the west. 
Internally, the nave is separated from the aisle with a 15th-century arcade of three bays of pointed arches with octagonal columns. The tower and chancel arches are 13th century and 14th century respectively. The arches from the chancel to the vestry and chapel and between the aisle and chapel are all 19th century. The nave has a crown post roof with moulded posts and chamfered tie beams. The chancel roof is boarded and the roof to the chapel is scissor braced. 
The south wall of the chancel contains a Bethersden Marble 13th century double sedile at its east end with a piscina in the south-east corner. The font is octagonal with traceried panels. 
Monuments and memorials.
The church contains a number of monuments to local families including Sir Thomas Fane MP and his wife (both "d". 1606), Francis Fane ("d". 1651?), Lady Anne Fane ("d". 1663), Sir Thomas Fane MP ("d". 1692), Henry Hatley ("d". 1716), Thomas Turner ("d". 1776), Thomas Durant Punnett ("d". 1785) and Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman ("d." 1908, Prime Minister 1905–1908 and owner of nearby Hunton Court).
The churchyard contains a number of Grade II listed tombs and headstones including those of James Allen ("d". 1682), Paul Beeston ("d". 1694), Richard Beeston ("d". 1691), Ann Bishop ("d". 1653), James Bishop ("d". 165(2)?), Mary Bisset ("d". 1698), William Bisset ("d". 1714), Henry Catlet ("d". 1700), Samuel Hovenden ("d". 165(3)?), Thomas Newman ("d". 1710), and Mary Snatt ("d". 1666). Several others, without identifiable inscriptions, are also listed.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="36754740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754740" title="OpenLink Software">
OpenLink Software

Founded in 1992, OpenLink Software, Inc., is a software company headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, USA, although some research and product development takes place within the EU, across the UK, Netherlands and Bulgaria. The company develops and deploys standards-compliant middleware products that cover:
OpenLink Software is creator and owner of the Universal Data Access drivers suite
(comprising ODBC drivers, JDBC drivers, OLE-DB providers, ADO.NET providers, and XMLA providers); the Virtuoso Universal Server;
the iODBC driver manager; an AJAX toolkit for rich Internet application development; OpenLink Data Spaces; and other middleware products.
With approximately 50 employees in September 2007, OpenLink Software
products were used by enterprises of all sizes from sole proprietorships to Fortune 100 companies. 
OpenLink Software revenues derive from selling support, consulting services, and training for their open-source products,
as well as licensing fees for their closed-source and dual licensed products.
As an example: OpenLink Software makes the Virtuoso Universal Server (Open Source Edition) available under
the GPL at no charge and also sells it under other 'more traditional' licenses to
clients who do not find the GPL suitable for their purposes (such as inclusion of OpenLink Software technology
in a closed source product).
Other sources of revenue for OpenLink Software include providing support and consulting as well as training and
certification for the Virtuoso Universal Server and their Universal Data Access drivers. OpenLink Software products
are also embedded in products by other companies including: Apple, North Plains Systems, Avaya, Lucent, Sungard Bi-Tech, Open Text, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="36754751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754751" title="Mixed Up">
Mixed Up

Mixed Up may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754767" title="1586 in Ireland">
1586 in Ireland

Events from the year 1586 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36754780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754780" title="Bronisław Gancarz">
Bronisław Gancarz

Bronisław Gancarz (October 31, 1906 in Rudnik nad Sanem - September 30, 1960 in Nisko) was a Polish track and field athlete. Gancarz competed in the men's marathon for Poland at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He finished in 33rd place.
During World War II, he fought in the Polish Army in the September Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="36754781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754781" title="John D. Caputo bibliography">
John D. Caputo bibliography

The following is a bibliography of John D. Caputo's works. Caputo (born October 26, 1940) is an American philosopher closely associated with Postmodern Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="36754788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754788" title="Missing Pieces">
Missing Pieces

Missing Pieces may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754811" title="Taneda">
Taneda

Taneda (written: 種田) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36754822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754822" title="R. K. Mibey">
R. K. Mibey

Professor Richard Kiprono Mibey (born 12th December 1951)is a Kenyan academic, research scientist and university administrator. Mibey is the Vice Chancellor of Moi University, the second university to be established in Kenya.He is a Professor of Mycology with over 35 years teaching and scholarly experience.He has extensive knowledge and experience in the higher education system having grown from a Graduate Assistant, Research Assistant, Lecturer, Senior lecturer, Associate Professor, Professor of Mycology,Chairman of Department, Dean , Campus Principal as well as Deputy Vice Chancellor.
'"Early life and education.
Mibey was born in Nyambugo, Sigor North Location in the then Bomet District, Kenya.He was educated in Sugumerga Primary School and Kericho High School. He then proceeded to Warren Wilson Co llege, Swannanoa, N.C, U.S.A for a BA, -Biology (1972-1976) and then Appalachian State University, Boone, N.C. U.S.A for a M.Sc. Biology(1976-1978). In addition, he pursued an M.Sc. in Plant Pathology at Oklahoma State University, Stillwater (1978-1981) and a D.Ed.Agricultural Education And Extension (Speciality in Plant Pathology) at the same University (1981-1984).
He returned to Kenya and obtained a PhD. in Mycology from University of Nairobi in 1996
Career 
Prof Mibey has worked as a Graduate Assistant, Department of Biology, Appalachian State University, Boone, N.C., U.S.A (1977-1978), Graduate Assistant, Department of Plant Pathology, Oklahoma State University, Oklahoma, U.S.A (1978-1983), Research Assistant, U.S.D.A.Laboratory, Stillwater, Oklahoma, U.S.A (1984-1985), Lecturer, Department of Botany, University of Nairobi (1986-1989), Senior Lecturer, Department of Botany University of Nairobi (1989-1996), Associate professor of Botany (Mycology) (1997-2001) and Professor of Mycology ( Botany Dept. Univ. of Nairobi) (2002).
He has a wealth of administrative experience.From 1998 to 2002, he was was the Chairman, Department of Botany, University of Nairobi. He also served as Dean, Faculty of Science University of Nairobi(2000-2002), Principal,Chiromo campus, University of Nairobi(2002- Feb. 2004) as well as Deputy Vice Chancellor, Administration and Finance,Maseno University (Feb.2004 to Sept 2006)
In September 2006, Prof Mibey was appointed as the Vice Chancellor of Moi University.
'"Scholarly work
Among other contributions to science, he has discovered more than 120 species of fungi, made major input to the discovery of environmentally friendly fungi for bio-control of the obnoxious water hyacinth weed in Lake Victoria has contributed to the preservation of rare and highly specialized micro-fungi of Kenyan plants.
He is also a world authority on Fungal Taxonomy and Biodiversity Conservation. He has received a number of fellowships: DAAD Senior research Fellow; Darwin Fellow in April 1994 - April 1995, UNESCO Fellowship
He is a member, British Mycological Society (BMS), Committee on biodiversity and Conservation, International Association for Plant Taxonomy and World Innovation Foundation.
He has published over 50 publications and conference papers.
Personal Life
He is married with two children.
Publications
1. Proximate Composition, Amino Acids and Vitamins Profile of Pleurotus citrinopileatus Singer: An Indigenous Mushroom in Kenya. Fredrick Musieba, Sheila Okoth, Richard K. Mibey, Stella Wanjiku and Knight Moraa. 2013 American Journal of Food Technology
2. Gough, F.J.; L.L. Singleton; T.S. Lee, and R.K. Mibey. 1981. Tan spot development in wheat cultivar Triumph 64 grown under three tillage systems. Phytopathology 71: 220 3. Mibey, R.K. 1988. A new observation of the fungus Physarum cinereaum on the lawn grassPennisetum clandestinum in Kenya. K.J. .sc. & Tech. (B), 7:47-48. 4. Mibey, R.K. & N.C. Otieno. 1988. “Sooty mould” disease of citrus in Kenya caused by Capnodium citri. K.J. Sc. & Tech. (B). 9: 115-117. 5. Mibey, R.K. 1988. Entomosporium fruit and leaf spot disease of loquat in Kenya K. J. Sc. & Tech. (B). 9:73-78. 6. Otieno, N.C. & R.K. Mibey. 1988. Leaf blight disease of strawberries in Kenya caused byDendrophoma obscurans. K.J. Sc. & Tech. (B). 9:111-114 7. Karanja, T.W.; A.W. Mwang’ombe & R.K. Mibey. 1994. The effect of media and light regimes on cultural and morphological characteristics and sporulation on Phaeoisariopsis griseola Deight . E. Afric. For. J. 59: 241-251. 8. Isanda, G.O.; A.W. Mwang’ombe & R.K. Mibey 1994. Levels of seed-borne Colletorichum lindemuthianum on common bean cv. Rose Coco-Glp-2 from small scale farmers in Kenya. Afric. Crop Sci. Conf. Proc. 1: 260-262. 9. Mibey, R.K. & D.L. Hawksworth. 1995. Mibey, R.K. & D.L. Hawksworth. 1995. Diporothecaceae, a new family of ascomycetes and the Term “Hyphopodium”. Systema Ascomycetum 14: 25-31. 10. Mibey, R.K. & D.L. Hawksworth. 1996. Glifford Gerald Hansford. Trop. Pl. Path. 7(2): 20-23. 11. Mibey, R.K. 1996. Taxonomic studies of the fungal families Meliolaceae, Asterinaceae and their allies from Mau forest in western Kenya. PhD thesis, University of Nairobi. 12. Harharan, G.N.; R.K Mibey & D.L. Hawksworth. 1996. A new species of Lichenopelthella on Porina in India. Lichenologist 28: 294-296. 13. Mibey,R.K.; J.O. Kokwaro & D.M. Mukunya. 1996a. A new species and four new records of Asterina from Kenya. Nova Hedwigia 62: 147-150. 14. Mibey,R.K.; J.O. Kokwaro & D.M. Mukunya. 1996b. Four new species and some new records of Meliolaceous fungi from Kenya. Mycotaxon 57: 87-95. 15. Mibey,R.K. 1996. African Mycological Association. Mycologist 9: 31-32. 16.Mibey, R.K. & D.L. Hawksworth. 1997. Meliolaceae and Asterinaceae of the Shimba Hills, Kenya.Mycol. Papers 174: 1-108.
17. Mibey, R.K. 1997. Sooty mould fungi. In Soft scale Insects: Their biology, Natural enemies and Control. Yair Ben-Dov & C.J. Hodgson. World Crop Pests, 7A. Elsevier. Amsterdam. Pp 275-20.
18. Mibey, R.K. & J.O. Kokwaro 1998. Meliola icacinacearum and M. kerichoensis,spp. Nov. from Kenya. Mycol. Res. 102(11):1418-1420
19. Mibey, R.K. & P.F. Cannon. 1999. Biotrophic fungi from Kenya. Ten new species and some new records of Meliolaceae. Cryptogamie, Mycol. 20(4): 249-282.
20. Mibey, R.K. & J.O. Kokwaro. 1999. Two new species of Meliola from Kenya. Fungal Diversity2:153-157.
21. Bii, C., G.M. Siboe & R.K. Mibey. 2000. Plant essential oils with promising antifungal activity. E. Afric. Med. J. 77(6):319-322.
22. Cannon, P.F., R.K. Mibey & G.M. Siboe. 2001. Microfungi and Conservation Agenda in Kenya. In Moore, D. Nauta, M.M.S. Evans & M. Rotherroe (eds). Fungal Conservation. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, UK.
23. Mibey R. K. 2006 . A Status Review of Kenya’s Microbial Resources and their contribution to Kenya’s National Development – Environment and Development in Kenya: Biodiversity – A Public Lecture Series. Kenya National Academy of Sciences.
24. P. M. Wachira, J. W. Kimenju, S. A. Okoth and R. K. Mibey, 2009. Stimulation of nematode – destroying fungi by organic amendments applied in management of plant parasitic nematode. Asian Journal Plant Sciences. 8: (2) 153 – 159. 25. P. Wachira, R. Mibey, S. Okoth, J. Kimenju and J. Kiarie, 2009. Diversity of nematode destroying fungi in Taita Taveta, Kenya. Fungal Ecology 2: (2) 60 – 65.
26. Tuigong D. R., R. K. Mibey, and Ding Xin. 2609. Prediction of Fabric Hand Stiffners by use of Fabric surface and mechanical properties. In Emerging Trends in Production, Processing and Utilisation of Natural Fibres. Mumbai India. Pg. 424 – 436.
27. Mibey R. K., D. R. Tuigong and B. N. A. Makumba, 2009. Fabric/Yarn Dyeing using Dyes extracted from locally available mushroom species. Pg. 460 – 467.
28. Musieba F,Okoth S,Mibey R.,K.,Wanjiku S. and Moraa K.2013.Proximate composition, Amino Acids and Vitamins Profile of Pleurotus citrinopileatus Singer:An Indigenous Mushroom in Kenya.American Journal of Food Technology
References
1. http://www.mu.ac.ke/index.php/list-of-professors/84-administration/124-vice-chancellor-s-profile
2. https://www.yumpu.com/en/document/view/16959843/curriculum-vitae-prof-richard-kiprono-mibey-university-of-nairobi

</doc>
<doc id="36754835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754835" title="Mohamed Kajole">
Mohamed Kajole

Mohamed Kajole was a Tanzania footballer who played for Tanzania in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754837" title="Kgosiemang">
Kgosiemang

Kgosiemang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36754848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754848" title="Shenzhen Senior High School">
Shenzhen Senior High School

Shenzhen Senior High School was founded on September 1997 in Shenzhen, the North campus was added in September 2003. In 7 May 2010, it merged with Shen Nan High School, which became the Junior School. The school occupies about 70000 square meters with more than 70 classes and 4000 students.
Focus and Strength.
Unlike traditional Chinese junior and high schools, the school encourages its student to develop their potentials in various fields including art, sports as well as academic study.
Development.
Founded in 1997, with only ten classes and 539 students, Shenzhen Senior High School has developed readily to 104 classes with more than 5000 students in 2012. The school is now widely known in shenzhen city for its rapid development and is recognized as one of "Four Famous Schools"(四大名校). During its expansion, the school added north campus on September 2003, and merged with Shen Nan High School on May 2010. Paralleled with its rapid expansion, the undergraduate on-line rate and famous universities on-line rate have increased to 99% and 58% respectively in 2011.
Students Life.
School has a very strict schedule for students since the school is a boarding school.Students should wake up at 6:25am and make their way to class before 7:20 am.The morning classes end at 12:00am.The afternoon classes last from 2:10pm to 4:30pm, but for senior 3 students, the schedule often extends to 5:20pm for the preparation of national colledge entrance exam, or gaokao. From 4:30pm to 7:00pm, students are free to participate in variety of extracurricular activities ranging from model united nations to Rugby varsity. But it is not so lucky for senior 3 students, who have tighter schedule that they have to make their way back to class before 6:30pm after the afternoon class that ends at 5:20pm. The night self-learning classes normally start at 7:00pm, or 6:30pm for senior 3 students,and end at 10:00pm, or 10:30pm for senior 3 students.<br>
A unique tradition of the school is that every year, almost every senior 2 student would visit the Jinggang mountain(井冈山) to live and work with local farmer and students for about one week. This tradition has lasted for many years.<br>
About Eating: School provides affordable breakfast, lunch, dinner and night snack with various types of food for students. Students are also free to eat other snacks in school shop, or xiaomaibu(小卖部).<br>
About clothing: Students are required to wear uniform, but students are still allowed to wear class uniform designed by students themselves.
Achievements.
In recent years, the quality of the school has continued to improve at amazing rate. The minimum passing score in high school entrance exam, or zhongkao(中考) of the school has increased from 600 in 2004, to 641 in 2007. The school has educated 2 zhuangyuan(状元), meaning the "No.1" in national colledge entrance exam, gaokao(高考)， 2 liberal arts Zhuangyuan（文科状元）, and 15 single subject Zhuangyuan(单科状元). The undergraduate on-line rate and famous universities on-line rate have increased to 99% and 58% respectively in 2011.<br>
The school is also strong at National Mathematical Olypiad and National Chemistry Olympiad, with the accomplishment of 5 gold medals and 3 silver medals. 17 students gained their guarantee to Tsing Hua University, and Peking University for their excellent performance during the competitions.
Art.
Shenzhen Senior High School Dancing Team.
Director: Jie Gao
Being one of the best student dancing teams in China, shenzhen senior high school dancing team has sent graduates to top universities such as Tsing Hua University, Peking University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Fudan University. Though the team only do trainings on intervals between academic schedules, its members have reached a nearly professional standard of dance skills which provides them with the alternative choice of pursuing a profession in dance, as many of them entered top dance colleges like Peking Dance Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="36754850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754850" title="Hocine Benmiloudi">
Hocine Benmiloudi

Hocine Benmiloudi (January 31, 1955 in El Madania, Algiers – November 5, 1981 in Algiers) is an Algeria football Forward who played for Algeria in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.
Biography.
Hocine Benmiloudi is born from Algerian mother and Moroccon emmigrant father, he is born in El Madania, Algiers and start playing football there. In 1971 he join the youth team of CR Belouizdad. He died at 26 years old in November 5, 1981 in the Ligue 1 match against USM Aïn Beïda in Stade 20 Août 1955 (Algiers). Died from severe food poisoning.

</doc>
<doc id="36754853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754853" title="Ibrahim Rahimić">
Ibrahim Rahimić

Ibrahim "Ibro" Rahimić (born 17 April 1963) is a Bosnian former football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36754854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754854" title="Mohamed Redouane Guemri">
Mohamed Redouane Guemri

Mohamed Redouane Guemri (born 30 November 1956 in Oran) is an Algerian football forward who played for Algeria. He participated in the 1980 African Cup of Nations. 
Redouane Guemri was born in Oran.

</doc>
<doc id="36754865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754865" title="External association">
External association

External association was a hypothetical relationship between Ireland and the British Commonwealth proposed by Éamon de Valera in 1921–22, whereby Ireland would be a sovereign state associated with, but not a member of, the Commonwealth; the British monarch would be head of the association, but not head of state of Ireland. De Valera proposed external association as a compromise between isolationist Irish republicanism on the one hand and Dominion status on the other. Whereas a full republic could not be a member of the Commonwealth until the London Declaration of 1949, a Dominion could not be fully independent until the Statute of Westminster 1931.
External association was never implemented as such; however, de Valera's 1930s diplomacy reflected similar ideas, as did the Commonwealth's London Declaration.
Origins.
Troy D. Davis suggests de Valera's thinking on external association was influenced, during his tour of the United States in 1919–20, by the US Sugar Intervention in Cuba. Nicholas Mansergh traces the first reference to "external association" to 27 July 1921, preceding a proposal by de Valera on 10 August for a treaty of free association between the Irish Republic and Great Britain. De Valera told Mansergh in 1965 that the idea of external association came to him "one morning as he was tying his bootlaces", shortly after Jan Smuts' exploratory visit following the June 1921 ceasefire which ended the Anglo-Irish War (later called the Irish War of Independence). In September 1921, de Valera appointed plenipotentiaries to negotiate a peace treaty, and explained his concept to them. Arthur Griffith later said de Valera told him the idea was to get out of the "straitjacket of the Republic" while "bringing Cathal along", referring to Cathal Brugha, the staunchest republican in the Dáil ministry.
Document No. 2.
The British ministers negotiating with the Irish plenipotentiaries rejected the idea of external association, and the Anglo-Irish Treaty the two sides signed on 6 December 1921 provided for an Irish Free State with the same status as the Dominion of Canada. De Valera opposed this, and in the Second Dáil debate on the Treaty offered his alternative "Document No. 2", of which articles 2 to 6 described the "Terms of Association":
De Valera, a former mathematics teacher, used Venn diagrams and other graphs to illustrate the relationships he envisaged between Ireland and the Commonwealth. Commentators have suggested the putative virtues of his proposal were too subtle and abstract to appeal to either supporters of the Treaty or republicans opposed to it. A journalist reporting on the Dáil debate said of de Valera's presentation, "One felt, however, we were entering the region of pure casuistry, nebulous, unpalpable and unreal."
The Dáil voted to accept the original Treaty, and de Valera resigned as President of Dáil Éireann. In the Irish Civil War, he was nominal leader of the anti-Treaty side, although the military force was led by republicans who regarded external association as an unacceptable compromise.
1930s developments.
De Valera's Fianna Fáil party, founded in 1926, came to power in the Free State after the 1932 general election and proceeded to eliminate many of the symbols of the state's Dominion status, including the Oath of Allegiance and appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Although this implicitly abrogated the 1921 Treaty, the Privy Council ruled in 1935 that the Statute of Westminster 1931 empowered the Free State government to do so.
The Constitution (Amendment No. 27) Act 1936 abolished the office of Governor-General and removed all references to the monarch from the constitution, with most functions reassigned to the Executive Council. However, the Executive Authority (External Relations) Act 1936, passed immediately afterwards, effected that the king continued to be head of state for external purposes, including treaties and accrediting diplomats. In 1937, a new constitution came into effect. This made no mention of the British Commonwealth or monarchy, and established the office of President of Ireland with many of the internal functions of a head of state, including precedence, pardon, signing laws, and appointing ministers, judges, and military officers. Nevertheless, the Constitution alluded to the External Relations Act, which remained in force. Commentators have compared this situation, where the President was the de facto internal head of state while the King was the de jure external head of state, with de Valera's 1920s external association proposal. While he had made "a republic in all but name", De Valera avoided explicitly declaring a republic, which he believed would alienate the Unionist majority in Northern Ireland and thus entrench Partition. Ireland took no part in Commonwealth business; whether it remained a member of the Commonwealth or merely associated with it was a moot point. Nicholas Mansergh wrote in 1948, "External association has never been put into practice because the United Kingdom and the oversea dominions have never recognized that it exists."
Republic of Ireland and London Declaration.
Fianna Fáil lost power in 1948, and the Inter-Party Government's Republic of Ireland Act 1948, which came into force in 1949, repealed the External Relations Act and declared the Irish state to be a republic, implicitly leaving the Commonwealth. With the prospect of newly independent India also declaring a republic, the Commonwealth leaders agreed in the London Declaration of 28 April 1949 that republics could be members of the Commonwealth, while the British monarch would remain Head of the Commonwealth. The situation where the monarch was head of the association but not necessarily of its members has been compared to de Valera's external association.

</doc>
<doc id="36754866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754866" title="Seydouba Bangoura">
Seydouba Bangoura

Seydouba Bangoura is a Guinea football Midfielder who played for Guinea in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754877" title="Juma Pondamali">
Juma Pondamali

Juma Pondamali is a Tanzanian footballer who played for Tanzania in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754884" title="Leodgar Tenga">
Leodgar Tenga

Leodgar Tenga is a Tanzania football who played for Tanzania in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="36754888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754888" title="Herbert Bainbridge">
Herbert Bainbridge

Herbert William Bainbridge (29 October 1862 – 3 March 1940) was an English cricketer and footballer. Bainbridge played cricket principally for Eton, MCC, Surrey, Cambridge University and Warwickshire. He was born at Guwahati, Assam, India and died at Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England. 
Cricket career.
Bainbridge played four seasons at Eton College, being made captain in 1882. He went on to play for Cambridge University and was awarded his Blue in 1884 and appointed captain in 1885. The right-handed batsman played for Warwickshire between 1894-1902 and was appointed captain in his first season, after making appearances for Surrey from 1883-1885. His highest score of 162 was made against Hampshire with a career average of 25.76, his slow-bowling claimed 31 wickets at an average of 31.87.
England selector.
Bainbridge was one of the first three England selectors on The Ashes tour of 1899 along with Lord Hawke and W. G. Grace. 
Football career.
Bainbridge played football for Cambridge University without gaining his Blue. In 1883, he played football for the losing finalists Old Etonians against Blackburn Olympic in the 1883 FA Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="36754895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754895" title="South Dongting Lake">
South Dongting Lake

South Dongting Lake (also known as The pearl of the Yangtze River) is a large freshwater lake located in the north of the province of Hunan, China, in the Dongting Lake region. The South Dongting Lake occupies approximately one-eighth of the total combined area of all wetlands in the world. The lake is internationally regarded as an important wetland.

</doc>
<doc id="36754901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754901" title="Caffrey and Davis Furniture Company-Senior Hotel">
Caffrey and Davis Furniture Company-Senior Hotel

The Caffrey and Davis Furniture Company-Senior Hotel at 296 S. Main St. in Springville, Utah was built in 1900. It has also been known as Caffrey and Davis Furniture Company and as Robinson Bros. Music Co.. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
The building was first a furniture and music store, then a billiard parlor during approximately 1920 to 1928 or 1929, and then a hotel into the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="36754910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754910" title="Mulavarman">
Mulavarman

Mulavarman was a king of a kingdom of the island of Borneo around the year A.D. 400. What little is known of him comes from seven inscriptions found at a sanctuary. He is known to have been generous to brahmins through the giving of gifts including thousands of cattle and large amounts of gold.

</doc>
<doc id="36754915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754915" title="Mozilla">
Mozilla

Mozilla is a free software community best known for producing the Firefox web browser. The Mozilla community uses, develops, spreads and supports Mozilla products, thereby promoting exclusively free software and open standards, with only minor exceptions. The community is supported institutionally by the Mozilla Foundation and its tax-paying subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation.
In addition to the Firefox browser, Mozilla also produces Thunderbird, Firefox Mobile, the Firefox OS mobile operating system, the bug tracking system Bugzilla and a number of other projects.
History.
On February 23, 1998, Netscape Communications Corporation created a project called Mozilla (after the original code name of the Netscape Navigator browser which is a blending of "Mosaic and Godzilla") to co-ordinate the development of the Mozilla Application Suite, the open source version of Netscape's internet software, Netscape Communicator. Jamie Zawinski says he came up with the name "Mozilla" at a Netscape staff meeting. A small group of Netscape employees were tasked with coordination of the new community.
Originally, Mozilla aimed to be a technology provider for companies, such as Netscape, who would commercialize their open source code. When AOL (Netscape's parent company) drastically scaled back its involvement with Mozilla in July 2003, the Mozilla Foundation was launched as the legal steward of the project. Soon after, Mozilla deprecated the Mozilla Suite in favor of creating independent applications for each function, primarily the Firefox web browser and the Thunderbird email client, and moved to supply them directly to the public.
Recently, Mozilla's activities have expanded to include Firefox on mobile platforms (primarily Android), a mobile OS called Firefox OS, a web-based identity system called Mozilla Persona and a marketplace for HTML5 applications.
In a report released in November 2012, Mozilla reported that their total revenue for 2011 was $163 million, which was up 33% from $123 million in 2010. Mozilla noted that roughly 85% of their revenue comes from their contract with Google.
At the end of 2013, Mozilla announced a deal with Cisco Systems whereby Firefox would download and use a Cisco-provided binary build of an open source codec to play the proprietary H.264 video format. As part of the deal, Cisco would pay any patent licensing fees associated with the binaries that it distributes. Mozilla's CTO, Brendan Eich, acknowledged that this is "not a complete solution" and isn't "perfect". An employee in Mozilla's video formats team, writing in an unofficial capacity, justified it by the need to maintain their large user base, which would be necessary in future battles for truly free video formats.
In December 2013, Mozilla announced funding for the development of non-free games through its Game Creator Challenge. However, even those games that may be released under a non-free software or open source license must be made with open web technologies and Javascript as per the work criteria outlined in the announcement.
Eich CEO promotion controversy.
On March 24, 2014, Mozilla promoted Eich to the role of CEO. This led to global boycotts and protests from the LGBT community and its supporters, as Eich previously donated US$1,000 in 2008 in support of California's Proposition 8, a California ballot proposition and state constitutional amendment in opposition to same-sex marriage. Eich's donation first became public knowledge in 2012, while he was Mozilla’s chief technical officer; however, following angry responses on Twitter—including the use of the hashtag "#wontworkwithbigots"—the controversy eventually abated.
Protests of a greater magnitude emerged in 2014 following the announcement of Eich's appointment as CEO of Mozilla. U.S. companies OkCupid and CREDO Mobile received media coverage for their objections, with the former asking its users to boycott the browser, while Credo amassed 50,000 signatures for a petition that called for Eich's resignation. In Australia, the Victorian AIDS Council (VAC) published a press release on March 28, 2014, in which CEO Simon Ruth stated:
Organisations like Mozilla have a commitment to respect and treat people equally, regardless of sexual or gender orientation. Mozilla appointing a CEO who openly opposes measures to address equality is in opposition to our organisation’s mission and values. Consequently, VAC/GMHC has dis-endorsed the use of Mozilla across all our computer systems.
Eich resigned on April 3, 2014 and Mitchell Baker, Executive Chairwoman of Mozilla Corporation, posted an official apology on the Mozilla blog: "We didn’t move fast enough to engage with people once the controversy started. Mozilla believes both in equality and freedom of speech. Equality is necessary for meaningful speech. And you need free speech to fight for equality."
Mozilla explained on April 8, 2014: "In fact, Board members tried to get Brendan to stay at Mozilla in another role. Brendan decided that it was better for himself and for Mozilla to sever all ties, at least for now."
OkCupid co-founder and CEO Sam Yagan had also donated $500 to Republican candidate Chris Cannon who proceeded to vote for multiple anti-gay measures, including the banning of same-sex marriage. Yagan claims he did not know about Cannon's stance on gay rights and that his contribution was due to the candidate being the ranking Republican participating in the House subcommittee that oversaw Internet and Intellectual Property matters.
Reader comments on articles that were published close to the events were divided between support for OkCupid's actions and opposition to them. Supporters claimed the boycott was justified and saw OkCupid's actions as a firm statement of opposition to intolerance towards gay individuals and gay rights. Opponents saw OkCupid's actions as hypocritical, since Eich is also the inventor of Javascript, which is still required to browse OkCupid's website, felt that users should not be punished for the actions of Mozilla and suspected that OkCupid's actions were a publicity stunt. The latter view is shared by some article authors as well.
Values.
According to Mozilla's manifesto, which outlines goals, principles, and a pledge, "The Mozilla project uses a community-based approach to create world-class open source software and to develop new types of collaborative activities".
Pledge.
The Mozilla Foundation pledges to support the Mozilla Manifesto in its activities. Specifically, we will:
Software.
Firefox.
Firefox is a web browser, and is Mozilla's flagship software product. It is available in both desktop and mobile versions. Firefox uses the Gecko layout engine to render web pages, which implements current and anticipated web standards. , Firefox has approximately 20–21% of worldwide usage share of web browsers, making it the third most-used web browser.
Firefox began as an experimental branch of the Mozilla codebase by Dave Hyatt, Joe Hewitt and Blake Ross. They believed the commercial requirements of Netscape's sponsorship and developer-driven feature creep compromised the utility of the Mozilla browser. To combat what they saw as the Mozilla Suite's software bloat, they created a stand-alone browser, with which they intended to replace the Mozilla Suite.
Firefox was originally named "Phoenix" but the name was changed so as to avoid trademark conflicts with Phoenix Technologies. The initially-announced replacement, "Firebird", provoked objections from the Firebird project community. The current name, Firefox, was chosen on February 9, 2004.
Firefox Mobile.
Firefox Mobile (codenamed "Fennec") is the build of the Mozilla Firefox web browser for devices such as smartphones and tablet computers.
Firefox Mobile uses the same Gecko layout engine as Mozilla Firefox. For example, version 1.0 used the same engine as Firefox 3.6, and the following release, 4.0, shared core code with Firefox 4.0. Its features include HTML5 support, Firefox Sync, add-ons support and tabbed browsing.
Firefox Mobile is currently available for Android 2.2 and above devices with an ARMv7 or ARMv6 CPU. The x86 architecture is not officially supported. Tristan Nitot, president of Mozilla Europe, has said that it's unlikely that an iPhone or a BlackBerry version will be released, citing Apple's iTunes Store application approval policies (which forbid applications competing with Apple's own, and forbid engines which run downloaded code) and BlackBerry's limited operating system as the reasons.
Firefox OS.
Firefox OS (project name: "Boot to Gecko" also known as "B2G") is an open source operating system in development by Mozilla that aims to support HTML5 apps written using "open Web" technologies rather than platform-specific native APIs. The concept behind Firefox OS is that all user-accessible software will be HTML5 applications, that use Open Web APIs to access the phone's hardware directly via JavaScript.
Thunderbird.
Thunderbird is a free, open source, cross-platform email and news client developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
SeaMonkey.
SeaMonkey (formerly the Mozilla Application Suite) is a free and open source cross platform suite of Internet software components including a web browser component, a client for sending and receiving email and USENET newsgroup messages, an HTML editor (Mozilla Composer) and the ChatZilla IRC client.
On March 10, 2005, the Mozilla Foundation announced that it would not release any official versions of Mozilla Application Suite beyond 1.7.x, since it had now focused on the standalone applications Firefox and Thunderbird. SeaMonkey is now maintained by the SeaMonkey Council, which has trademarked the SeaMonkey name with help from the Mozilla Foundation. The Mozilla Foundation provide project hosting for the SeaMonkey developers.
Bugzilla.
Bugzilla is a web-based general-purpose bug tracking system, which was released as open source software by Netscape Communications in 1998 along with the rest of the Mozilla codebase, and is currently stewarded by Mozilla. It has been adopted by a variety of organizations for use as a bug tracking system for both free and open source software and proprietary projects and products. For instance Bugzilla is used by Mozilla Foundation, NASA, Yahoo!, GNOME, KDE, Red Hat and Novell.
Components.
NSS.
Network Security Services (NSS) comprises a set of libraries designed to support cross-platform development of security-enabled client and server applications. NSS provides a complete open-source implementation of crypto libraries supporting SSL and S/MIME. NSS is triple-licensed under the Mozilla Public License, the GNU General Public License, and the GNU Lesser General Public License.
AOL, Red Hat, Sun Microsystems/Oracle Corporation, Google and other companies and individual contributors have co-developed NSS and it is used in a wide range of non-Mozilla products including Evolution, Pidgin, and OpenOffice.org.
SpiderMonkey.
SpiderMonkey is the original JavaScript engine developed by Brendan Eich when he invented JavaScript in 1995 as a developer at Netscape. It became part of the Mozilla product family when Mozilla inherited Netscape's code-base in 1998. In 2011, Eich transferred the nominal ownership of the SpiderMonkey code and project to Dave Mandelin.
SpiderMonkey is a cross-platform engine written in C++ which implements ECMAScript, a standard developed from JavaScript. It comprises an interpreter, several just-in-time compilers, a decompiler and a garbage collector. Products which embed SpiderMonkey include Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey, and many non-Mozilla applications.
Rhino.
Rhino is an open source JavaScript engine managed by the Mozilla Foundation. It is developed entirely in Java. Rhino converts JavaScript scripts into Java classes. Rhino works in both compiled and interpreted mode.
Gecko.
Gecko is a layout engine that supports web pages written using HTML, SVG, and MathML. Gecko is written in C++ and uses NSPR for platform independence. Its source code is licensed under the Mozilla Public License.
Firefox uses Gecko both for rendering web pages and for rendering its user interface. Gecko is also used by Thunderbird, SeaMonkey, and many non-Mozilla applications.
Rust.
Rust is a compiled programming language being developed by Mozilla Research. It is designed for safety, concurrency, and performance. Rust is intended for creating large and complex software which needs to be both safe against exploits and fast.
Rust is being used in an experimental layout engine, Servo, which is developed by Mozilla and Samsung. Servo is not used in any browsers yet, and there are no plans for it to replace Gecko.
XULRunner.
XULRunner is a software platform and technology experiment by Mozilla, that allows applications built with the same technologies used by Firefox extensions (XPCOM, Javascript, HTML, CSS, XUL) to be run natively as desktop applications, without requiring Firefox to be installed on the user's machine. XULRunner binaries are available for the Windows, GNU/Linux and MacOSX operating systems, allowing such applications to be effectively cross platform.
pdf.js.
Pdf.js is a library developed by Mozilla that allows in-browser rendering of pdf documents using the HTML5 Canvas and Javascript. It is included by default in recent versions of Firefox, allowing the browser to render pdf documents without requiring an external plugin. It can also be included as part of a website's scripts, to allow pdf rendering for any browser that implements the required HTML5 features and can run Javascript.
Shumway.
Shumway is an open source replacement for the Adobe Flash Player, developed by Mozilla since 2012, using open web technologies as a replacement for Flash technologies. It uses Javascript and HTML5 Canvas elements to render Flash and execute Actionscript. It is included by default in Firefox Nightly and can be installed as an extension for any recent version of Firefox. The current implementation is limited in its capabilities to render Flash content outside simple projects.
Other activities.
Mozilla Persona.
Mozilla Persona is a secure, cross-browser website authentication mechanism which allows a user to use a single username and password (or other authentication method) to log in to multiple sites.
Firefox Marketplace.
The Firefox Marketplace is a marketplace for HTML5 applications. Its main purpose is to support Firefox OS.
Webmaker.
Mozilla Webmaker is Mozilla's educational initiative. Webmaker's goal is to "help millions of people move from using the web to making the web." As part of Mozilla’s non-profit mission, Webmaker aims "to help the world increase their understanding of the web, take greater control of their online lives, and create a more web literate planet." 
Mozilla Developer Network.
Mozilla maintains a comprehensive developer documentation website called the Mozilla Developer Network which contains information about web technologies including HTML, CSS, SVG, JavaScript, as well Mozilla-specific information.
In addition, Mozilla publish a large number of videos about web technologies and the development of Mozilla projects on the Air Mozilla website.
Community.
The Mozilla Community consists of over 40,000 active contributors from across the globe. It includes both paid employees and volunteers who work towards the goals set forth in the Mozilla Manifesto. Many of the sub-communities in Mozilla have formed around localization efforts for Mozilla Firefox, and the Mozilla web properties.
Local communities.
There are a number of sub-communities that exist based on their geographical locations, where contributors near each other work together on particular activities, such as localization, marketing, PR and user support.
Mozilla Reps.
The Mozilla Reps program aims to empower and support volunteer Mozillians who want to become official representatives of Mozilla in their region/locale.
The program provides a simple framework and a specific set of tools to help Mozillians to organize and/or attend events, recruit and mentor new contributors, document and share activities, and support their local communities better.
When joining the program, a Mozilla Rep agrees to take on the following responsibilities:
Conferences and events.
Mozilla Festival.
The Mozilla Festival is an annual event where hundreds of passionate people explore the Web, learn together and make things that can change the world. With the emphasis on "making"—the mantra of the Festival is "less yack, more hack." Journalists, coders, filmmakers, designers, educators, gamers, makers, youth and anyone else, from all over the world, are encouraged to attend, with attendees from more than 40 countries, working together at the intersection between freedom, the Web, and that years theme.
The event revolves around design challenges which address key issues based on the chosen theme for that years festival. In previous years the Mozilla Festival has focused on Learning, and Media, with the 2012 festival being based around making. The titles of the festival revolve around the main theme, freedom (as in freedom of speech not free beer), and the Web.
MozCamps.
MozCamps are the critical part of the Grow Mozilla initiative which aims to grow the Mozilla Community. These camps aim to bring core contributors from around the world together. They are intensive multi-day summits that include keynote speeches by Mozilla leadership, workshops and breakout sessions (lead by paid and un-paid staff), and fun social outings. All of these activities combine to reward contributors for their hard work, engage them with new products and initiatives, and align all attendees on Mozilla's mission.
Mozilla Summit.
Mozilla Summit are the global event with active contributors and Mozilla staffs to develop a shared understanding of Mozilla's mission together. Over 2,000 people representing 90 countries and 114 languages gathered in Santa Clara, Toronto and Brussels in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36754917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754917" title="Firinghi Kalibari">
Firinghi Kalibari

Firinghi Kalibari is a temple dedicated to the Hindu Goddess Kali located on B.B Ganguly street in the Bowbazar locality of Kolkata, India. The temple is said to be over 500 years old, and is named after its association with Anthony Firingee a European who converted to Hinduism and was a great devotee of Kali.

</doc>
<doc id="36754918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754918" title="Ismet Šišić">
Ismet Šišić

Ismet Šišić (born 4 June 1958) is a former football defender from Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="36754926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754926" title="Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned">
Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned

"Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned" is an album by Czech underground band The Plastic People of the Universe. It was recorded in 1974/75, mainly at Houska Castle, enabled by the castle's then warden Svatopluk Karásek, with some songs being recorded in Prague. The album could not be officially released and distributed under the former Communist regime in Czechoslovakia; instead fans duplicated tapes with one another, often resulting in poor technical quality. It was released in 1978 in France by SCOPA Invisible Production. In the Czech Republic a remastered version was published in 2001 by Globus Music. The album title is a parody of the The Beatles' album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". Most of the songs on the record are settings of poems by Egon Bondy.
Track listing.
All music composed by Milan Hlavsa; texts are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="36754959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754959" title="Shobhabazar Lal Mandir">
Shobhabazar Lal Mandir

The Lal Mandir is an old Hindu temple said to be built by the Raja of Shobhabazar in the locality of Shobhabazar of Kolkata, India

</doc>
<doc id="36754968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754968" title="Alexandru Crețu">
Alexandru Crețu

Alexandru Crețu (born 24 April 1992 in Pașcani) is a Romanian football player who is under contract with CSMS Iași in Liga II. He plays as a centre back or as a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36754972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754972" title="Mili Hadžiabdić">
Mili Hadžiabdić

Mili Hadžiabdić (born 25 August 1963) is a former football defender from Bosnia and Herzegovina. His brother is Džemal Hadžiabdić.

</doc>
<doc id="36754973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754973" title="Robert Barrie (pentathlete)">
Robert Barrie (pentathlete)

Robert Barrie (born 11 October 1951) is an Australian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 and 1980 Summer Olympics. He is head coach of Bulli Swords Club and also coaches swimming in Wollongong.

</doc>
<doc id="36754975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754975" title="Llewellyn separator">
Llewellyn separator

The Llewellyn separator is a membrane molecular separator, a device for interfacing the effluence from a gas chromatograph to the ion source input of a mass spectrometer by changing a rather large (e.g. 10^4 TorrLitre) dilute (e.g. 1 part of vapour in 10^5 parts of carrier gas) gas flow into a small(e.g. <10^-3 TorrLitre) concentrated flow that can be admitted to the vacuum of the mass spectrometer. It is typically based on the substance passing through a few silicone rubber membranes in series. In order for the molecules of interest to be enriched in relation to the small and light carrier gas molecules the former must be captured by (dissolved in) the membrane polymer. The selection properties may be augmented by a liquid stationary phase on the membrane.

</doc>
<doc id="36754980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754980" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's hammer throw">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's hammer throw

The Men's hammer throw competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada took place on 26–28 July.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of two rounds, qualification and final. Each athlete receives three throws in the qualifying round. All who achieve the qualifying distance progress to the final. If less than twelve athletes achieve this mark, then the twelve furthest throwing athletes reach the final. Each finalist is allowed three throws in last round, with the top eight athletes after that point being given three further attempts.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qual. rule: qualification standard 69.00m (Q) or at least best 12 qualified (q).

</doc>
<doc id="36754998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36754998" title="Shakhsiya Aneeda">
Shakhsiya Aneeda

Shakhsiya Aneeda () is the twenty-third full-length studio album by Syrian recording artist Assala Nasri, released on September 20, 2012. With this release, Assala explores for the first time a new set of sounds and genres including Dance, Latin, and House, by collaborations with some of the biggest names in the Arabic music industry including Tarek Madkour, Hadi Sharara, Hassan elShafei, Tamer Ali, and Hossam Habib.
Track listing.
International edition

</doc>
<doc id="36755009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755009" title="Bruno Jerebicnik">
Bruno Jerebicnik

Bruno Jerebicnik (born 11 July 1947) is an Austrian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755029" title="Destined">
Destined

Destined may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755032" title="Megalomycter teevani">
Megalomycter teevani

Megalomycter teevani is a species of flabby whalefish found in the waters of the Atlantic Ocean near Bermuda at depths of around . This species is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36755037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755037" title="German submarine U-314">
German submarine U-314

German submarine "U-314" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 9 June 1942 at the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 314, launched on 17 April 1943 and commissioned on 10 June under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Georg-Wilhelm Basse.
During her short career, the U-boat sailed on two combat patrols, but sank no ships before she was sunk on 30 January 1944. She was a member of four wolfpacks.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla from June 1943. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 January 1944.
1st patrol.
"U-314"s first patrol took her to the Barents Sea, then south of Bear Island. She departed from Trondheim in Norway on 22 December 1943; the patrol finished at Hammerfest, northeast of Narvik, on 14 January 1944.
2nd patrol and loss.
The boat left Hammerfest on 25 January 1944. She was sunk on the 30th by depth charges dropped by the British destroyers and southeast of Bear Island.
Forty-nine men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36755047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755047" title="List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 19th Congress by seniority">
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 19th Congress by seniority

This is a list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 19th United States Congress by seniority. For the most part, representatives are ranked by the beginning of their terms in office.
As an historical article, the districts and party affiliations listed reflect those during the 19th Congress (March 4, 1825–March 3, 1827). Seats and party affiliations on similar lists for other Congresses will be different for certain members.
This article describes the criteria for seniority in the House of Representatives and sets out the list of members by seniority. It is prepared on the basis of the interpretation of seniority applied to the House of Representatives in the 112th Congress. In the absence of information to the contrary, it is presumed that the twenty-first-century practice is identical to the seniority customs used during the 19th Congress.
House seniority.
Seniority in the House, for Congressmen with unbroken service, depends on the date on which the members first term began. That date is either the start of the Congress (4 March in odd numbered years, for the era up to and including the 73rd Congress starting in 1933) or the date of a special election during the Congress. Since many members start serving on the same day as others, ranking between them is based on alphabetical order by the last name of the congressman.
Congressmen, in early Congresses, were often elected after the legal start of the Congress. Such representatives are attributed with unbroken seniority, from the legal start of the congressional term, if they were the first person elected to a seat in a Congress. The date of the election is indicated in a note.
The seniority date is normally taken from the members entry in the "Biographical Directory of the United States Congress", except where the date given is the legal start of the Congress and the actual election (for someone who was not the first person elected to the seat in that Congress) was later. The date of election is taken from "United States Congressional Elections 1788-1997". In a few instances the latter work provides dates, for the start and end of terms, which correct those in the Biographical Directory. 
The Biographical Directory normally uses the date of a special election, as the seniority date. However, mostly in early Congresses, the date of the member taking his seat can be the one given. The date of the special election is mentioned in a note to the list below, when that date is not used as the seniority date by the Biographical Directory. 
Representatives who returned to the House, after having previously served, are credited with service equal to one less than the total number of terms they served. When a representative has served a prior term of less than two terms (i.e. prior term minus one equals less than one), he is ranked above all others whose service begins on the same day.
Leadership.
In this Congress the only formal leader was the Speaker of the House. A Speakership election was held on December 5, 1825. John W. Taylor (A-NY) was elected on the second ballot. He had previously been Speaker for the second session of the 16th Congress (1820–21).
The title Dean of the House (sometimes known, in the nineteenth century, as Father of the House) was held by the member with the longest continuous service. It was not a formal leadership position.
Standing Committees.
The House created its first standing committee, on April 13, 1789. There were twenty-five standing committees, listed in the rules used by the 19th Congress. During the Congress two new standing committees were created. 
On December 9, 1825 a Committee on Revolutionary Pensions was set up (with a change of name to Military Pensions on December 13, 1825). The existing Committee on Pensions and Revolutionary Claims, was also renamed as the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, on December 13.
A second new standing committee, on the Territories, was named on December 13, 1823.
Committees, in this period, were normally appointed for a session at a time by the Speaker. However the resolution of March 30, 1816, which created the committees on departmental expenditures and Expenditures on Public Buildings, provided for those standing committees to be appointed for the whole Congress.
This list refers to the standing committees of the House in the 19th Congress, the year of establishment as a standing committee, the number of members assigned to the committee and the dates of appointment in each session (or if appropriate for the Congress), the end of the session (if appropriate) and its chairman. Chairmen, who were re-appointed after serving in the previous Congress, are indicated by an *.
The first session was December 5, 1825-May 22, 1826 (169 days) and the second session was December 4, 1826-March 3, 1827 (90 days).
Notes:-
List of Representatives by seniority.
A numerical rank is assigned to each of the 213 members initially elected to the 19th Congress. Other members, who were not the first person elected to a seat but who joined the House during the Congress, are not assigned a number.
Five representatives-elect were not sworn in, as they resigned (NH-al:Miller,KY-3,PA-16:Allison,SC-1,VA-5). The list below includes the representatives-elect (with name in italics), with the seniority they would have held if sworn in. James Miller of New Hampshire was elected as a Democratic-Republican candidate. As Miller never served in Congress, his allegiance at the time of the 19th Congress has not been ascertained.
Party designations, of Representatives, used in this article (except for James Miller) are A for Adams (a supporter of President John Quincy Adams) and J for Jacksonian (an ally of Andrew Jackson). Territorial Delegates have not been given a party label, as the "Biographical Directory" does not specify a party for Delegates in this Congress. Designations used for past service, in the 4th to 18th Congresses, are (DR) for Democratic-Republican members and (F) for Federalist representatives. For the 18th Congress only, each party is further divided based upon the Presidential candidates supported. The prefixes used are A- for Adams-Clay supporters, C- for the followers of Crawford and J- for the Jackson men.

</doc>
<doc id="36755051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755051" title="Sjaak Lettinga">
Sjaak Lettinga

Sjaak Lettinga (born 16 September 1982 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for FC Volendam and Helmond Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36755062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755062" title="St Thomas' Church, Lydiate">
St Thomas' Church, Lydiate

St Thomas' Church, Lydiate, is located in Church Lane, Lydiate, Sefton, Merseyside, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk, the archdeaconry of Warrington, and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice has been combined with that of St Cuthbert, Halsall. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
The church was built between 1839 and 1841, and designed probably by A. H. Holme (the builders being S. Holme and Son). At this time it was a chapel of ease to St Cuthbert, Halsall, and it became a separate parish in its own right in 1871. Additions were made to the church in 1912, including the chancel, a south chapel and a north vestry, by the Lancaster architects Austin and Paley. These additions cost £6,000 (£ as of ).
Architecture.
St Thomas' is constructed in stone with a slate roof. Its plan consists of a four-bay nave, a chancel with a south chapel and a north vestry, and a west tower. The tower has pointed doorways on the west and south sides, a north lancet window, a clock face on the south side, and a plain parapet with corner pinnacles. The windows in the nave are lancets. The east window has three lights with Perpendicular tracery. There are two-light windows elsewhere in the chancel and chapel, and three-light windows in the vestry. Inside the church is a west gallery carried on two octagonal iron columns. The nave has a flat ceiling and the chancel a waggon roof. In the chancel is a recess for a sedilia, and an alabaster reredos. In the south window of the chancel is stained glass from 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36755063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755063" title="Dwadash Shiva Temples">
Dwadash Shiva Temples

Ancient Hindu temples located in Barisha locality of Kolkata dedicated to God Shiva. The cluster of 12 temples were built in athchala style by Raja Santosh Ray Chowdhury over 300 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="36755066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755066" title="Camp Williams Hostess House/Officers' Club">
Camp Williams Hostess House/Officers' Club

The Camp Williams Hostess House/Officers' Club located within Camp W. G. Williams, in Utah County, Utah was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Its historic significance is largely as a Public Works Administration project; WPA works during the depression were widespread in Utah and this is a good example.

</doc>
<doc id="36755071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755071" title="Dominique Perras">
Dominique Perras

Dominique Perras is a retired Canadian professional cyclist born in Napierville, Quebec. He was part of the professional touring peloton from 2000 to 2008, and his major accomplishments have been stage wins on the Herald Sun Tour and the Tour of Qinghai Lake, and a victory on the Canadian Road Race Championship in 2003. In 2012, Perras is a cycling analyst on Quebec's television stations RDS and RDS2 with Louis Bertrand as commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="36755076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755076" title="Fábio Tavares">
Fábio Tavares

Fábio Henrique Tavares, aka Fabinho (born 23 October 1993 in Campinas), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for AS Monaco, on loan from Rio Ave. He plays at the right back position.
Fabinho made his professional debut on 17 August 2012, in a 2–1 loss to Villarreal CF. Previously he had played for Real Madrid's first team in a pre-season friendly against Real Oviedo. he also played on 8 May 2013 against Málaga CF in a match which Real Madrid won 6–2 and he made an assist for the 6th goal which was scored by Ángel di María
On 19 July 2013, Fabinho joined Monaco on a season-long loan deal. 

</doc>
<doc id="36755079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755079" title="Angel Pepelyankov">
Angel Pepelyankov

Angel Pepelyankov (born 28 April 1949) is a Bulgarian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755109" title="Velko Bratanov">
Velko Bratanov

Velko Bratanov (born 26 July 1949) is a Bulgarian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755117" title="Thirumayilai railway station">
Thirumayilai railway station

Thirumayilai MRTS station also known as Mylapore MRTS station is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS Line. It was started in 1997 which marked the completion of Phase I of the Chennai MRTS project. The station is located on the bank of Buckingham Canal, accessible from Ramakrishna Mutt road near Luz Corner. The Station building also comprises the Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL) office and Southern Railway's Computerized Ticket Reservation Centre. The Station building consists of 1050 sq.m of parking area in its basement.
The station is about 13.540 metres from mean sea level.
Developments.
In September 2013, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) invited tenders for setting up a food plaza in the station, along with two other stations, namely, Thiruvanmiyur and Velachery.

</doc>
<doc id="36755123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755123" title="Arp High School">
Arp High School

Arp High School is a public high school located in Arp, Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is part of the Arp Independent School District located in far southeastern Smith County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Arp Tigers compete in the following sports:
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball
State Titles.
"Arp" (UIL)
"Arp Industrial" (PVIL)

</doc>
<doc id="36755129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755129" title="Georgi Stoyanov">
Georgi Stoyanov

Georgi Stoyanov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755153" title="Ståle Storløkken">
Ståle Storløkken

Ståle Storløkken (born 22 February 1969 in Dombås, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (keyboards, organ and piano) and composer, known from co-operations with artists like Terje Rypdal, BigBang, Supersilent and Motorpsycho. He is married to the Norwegian singer Tone Åse.
Career.
Storløkken was educated on the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium (1988–90), and subsequently did his postgraduate there too. During the studies he started the band Veslefrekk together with fellow students Arve Henriksen and Jarle Vespestad (Helge Sten joined the band at a later stage). In 1997 the name of the band changed to Supersilent. They have released six critically acclaimed albums on the label Rune Grammofon. From 1995 he played in the trio BOL along with his wife Tone Åse and Tor Haugerud.
Storløkken has been active in many contexts, both as a band leader and member, for example "The Stoken Experience", and "Terje Rypdal's Skywards". Along with Christian Wallumrød, and he composed the commissioned work "Eight Thirty" to Kongsberg Jazz Festival 1994. He has collaborated on a number of albums with the named bands, and otherwise at such musicians as Gunnar Andreas Berg, Eldbjørg Raknes, Audun Kleive and Thomas Strønen.
Storløkken together with Thomas Strønen has the "Humcrush" duo, which has released three albums. He also plays in the trio "Elephant9", along with Torstein Lofthus and Nikolai Eilertsen. He co-composed Berit Opheim's commissioned work "An angel" with for "Vossajazz" 2007, and in 2010 composed and performed his one commissioned work for "Moldejazz" with the band Motorpsycho, Trondheim Jazz Orchestra and Trondheim Soloists.

</doc>
<doc id="36755159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755159" title="Qanoun Kaifik">
Qanoun Kaifik

Qanoun Kaifik () is the twenty-second full-length studio album by Syrian recording artist Assala Nasri, and her fourth Khaleeji dialect album, following Yakhy Esaal, Awqaat, and Sawaha Galbi. This album continued the massive success of her previous Khaleeji albums in the Gulf market.

</doc>
<doc id="36755163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755163" title="Carter-Terry-Call House">
Carter-Terry-Call House

The Carter-Terry-Call House on E. 800 S. in Orem, Utah is believed to have been built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998.
According to its NRHP nomination, the house reflects the evolution of Orem during 1899 to 1941. The person of greatest significance associated with the house is Otis Terry, Jr., who was a religious leader and a civic leader. He was the "second
Bishop of the Timpanogos Ward (parish) which then embodied almost the entire Provo Bench. The
size and style of the house exemplify the importance of the bishop...".
The house is believed to have been built by Richard Carter, who owned the property for about 10 years. It was then a home of Otis Terry, Jr., for his third wife. Terry actually had served part of a nine-month prison sentence during 1889-1890 for polygamy, relating to his having been married to two previous wives; but his first wife died in 1899 and it is believed that the second had left him, leaving him with 13 children to raise, before he married the third in 1900, and moved to Orem and purchased this house in 1901. Terry became bishop in 1903. The house was bought by Orvis J. Call in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="36755187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755187" title="Sony Xperia acro S">
Sony Xperia acro S

The Sony Xperia acro S (known as the Sony Xperia acro HD in Japan) is a dust and water resistant Android smartphone produced and developed by Sony Mobile Communications.
Hardware.
The phone has a capacitive touchscreen display that measures 4.3 inches with a resolution of 1280 x 720 at 342 ppi with Sony's Mobile BRAVIA Engine reality display. It supports multitouch and is capable of displaying 16,777,216 colours. The camera has 12 megapixels with autofocus and also Exmor R for low light capturing. It is capable of recording video at 1080p with continuous autofocus, video stabilizer and the phone also features a front facing camera with 1.3 megapixels capable of recording video at 720p. The device features a 1.5 GHz Dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor with 1GB RAM, 16GB of internal memory, which also supports 32 GB external memory with NFC (Near Field Communication) enabled which can be used with Xperia SmartTags, or for low value financial transactions, as NFC becomes more widespread in use, with the appropriate applications from Google Play. The device also features a micro USB connector with USB on the Go support and a HDMI port for viewing photos and videos on a TV screen. As a dust and water resistant device, it is equipped with a scratch resistant and shatter proof glass and with a dust and water resistant rating of IP57.
Unfortunately the Acro S has a widely known problem of turning off and on at random 
Software.
The phone was released with Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" and is Facebook integrated with the Timescape UI skin added on top of Android. The browser supports HTML, HTML5, XHTML and CSS 3. The phone is also integrated with stereo FM radio with RDS, PlayStation Certified which allows users to play PlayStation Suite games, and is connected to the Sony Entertainment Network, allowing users to access Music & Video Unlimited. The device has WiFi and WiFi hotspot functionality with 4.0 Bluetooth connectivity and is also DLNA certified. Sony has made Android 4.1.2 "Jelly Bean" firmware available for users to download via Sony PC Companion.

</doc>
<doc id="36755192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755192" title="Georgi Stoyanov (pentathlete)">
Georgi Stoyanov (pentathlete)

Georgi Stoyanov (born 20 September 1947) is a Bulgarian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755200" title="Barbados at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Barbados at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Barbados competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36755204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755204" title="Bermuda at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Bermuda at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Bermuda competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36755205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755205" title="Yu Wenxia">
Yu Wenxia

Yu Wenxia (; born 6 August 1989) is a Chinese beauty queen. She won Miss World 2012 in Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, the second Chinese national to do so after Zhang Zilin in 2007.
Biography.
The second of two daughters to farming parents, she was born on 6 August 1989 in Shangzhi, Heilongjiang in northeast China. Yu dreamed of becoming a singer as a child, enjoying classes in music and nature. She completed a four-year university course in Chinese Folk Music at Harbin University.
Career.
Miss China World 2012.
On 30 June 2012, Yu was crowned Miss China 2012 at the Jinhai Lake Resort in Beijing.
Miss World 2012.
On 18 August 2012, Yu won the 2012 Miss World pageant held in Dongsheng Fitness Center Stadium, Ordos City, Inner Mongolia, China. She was also named Miss Talent, where she performed her winning talent - Chinese folk song on stage during the final.
When asked how she felt at winning the Miss World crown, she replied: "Surprised and very happy. Winning Miss World is a big responsibility; there is so much to learn. I really admire Zhang Zilin, my country’s first Miss World winner, I hope to follow her example, but at the same time make my own mark. I very much look forward to working with the Miss World Organisation sharing my compassion and love and helping to improve the lives of many people throughout my year of reign."
During her reign as Miss World, Yu travelled globally.
Miss World 2013.
On the grand final of Miss World 2013, Yu performed "Tanzette" along with the Talent competition winner and runner-up, Vania Larissa from Indonesia and Erin Holland from Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36755208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755208" title="Chile at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Chile at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Chile competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
Chile won its first medal at this event.

</doc>
<doc id="36755210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755210" title="Damir Jurković">
Damir Jurković

Damir Jurković (born 8 June 1970) is a former football defender from Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="36755215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755215" title="Hiroaki Okuno">
Hiroaki Okuno

Hiroaki Okuno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755222" title="Colombia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Colombia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Colombia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36755229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755229" title="Costa Rica at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Costa Rica at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Costa Rica competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36755251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755251" title="Ivan Zaytsev">
Ivan Zaytsev

Ivan Zaytsev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755278" title="George Skene (pentathlete)">
George Skene (pentathlete)

George Skene (born 5 March 1955) is a Canadian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755295" title="James Charles Dowdall">
James Charles Dowdall

James Charles Dowdall (1873 – 28 June 1939) was an Irish politician and businessman.
Born in County Cork, Dowdall was a founder member and President of the Cork Industrial Development Association and was a butter and margarine manufacturer. He was also a Director of the Lucania Cycle Company, the Cork Gas Company and Hibernian Insurance Company. He was appointed to the Irish Free State Seanad Éireann as an independent member in December 1922 by the President of the Executive Council, W. T. Cosgrave. He was one of a number of Senators with commercial backgrounds nominated by Cosgrave.
In the 1928 Seanad election six Fianna Fáil Senators were elected under the leadership of Joseph Connolly. They were immediately joined by Colonel Maurice George Moore and subsequently Dowdall found himself frequently joining with the party in divisions together with fellow independent Senator Jennie Wyse Power. He soon joined the party after their entry into the Seanad. Both he and Wyse Power stood as Fianna Fáil candidates in the 1934 Seanad election and were re-elected for nine years and served until the abolition of the Seanad.
Dowdall was also a member of the Governing Body of University College Cork. He died on 28 June 1939 and is buried in St. Finbarr's Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36755297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755297" title="Grass Lawn (Gulfport, Mississippi)">
Grass Lawn (Gulfport, Mississippi)

Grass Lawn, also known as the "Milner House", was a two-story Antebellum home located in Gulfport, Harrison County, Mississippi. In 1972, the home was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2005, the home was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina. A replica of Grass Lawn, "Grasslawn II", was built and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2010. The new structure was dedicated in 2012 for use in city events, weddings, receptions, and parties. 
History.
Grass Lawn was constructed in 1836 as a summer home for Dr. Hiram A. Roberts, a Port Gibson surgeon and owner of sugarcane plantations in Louisiana. The house was located in Gulfport, Mississippi on 235 acres (95.1 hectares) overlooking the Mississippi Sound. Grass Lawn was unique in that it was of wood-pegged construction with timbers of hand-hewn longleaf pine and walls of bald cypress. Heart-pine lumber was used as flooring, and fireplace mantels were composed of either black or white marble. The 2-story home had 10-foot-wide (3-meter-wide) porches supported by box columns.
Through the years, the property was subdivided, and in 1905, John Kennedy Milner purchased the home. Milner later became owner of the Coast Coca-Cola Bottling Company in Gulfport.
In 1972, because of its political, historical, and architectural significance, Grass Lawn was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1973, the Milner Family sold the home to the City of Gulfport. During the next 32 years, the house was used by the city as a community center for both private and public gatherings.
On August 29, 2005, Grass Lawn was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina. In the aftermath of the hurricane, government officials committed to construct a period-style replica of Grass Lawn to serve as a visible reminder of historic buildings on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. The completed structure was dedicated on July 20, 2012, to be used for city functions, and rented out for weddings, receptions, and other events.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36755299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755299" title="Jesús Sánchez">
Jesús Sánchez

Jesús Sánchez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755301" title="Sir Holburt Waring, 1st Baronet">
Sir Holburt Waring, 1st Baronet

Sir Holburt Jacob Waring Bt CBE FRCS (3 October 1866- 10 February 1953) was a surgeon at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London and was Vice-Chancellor of the University of London from 1922-24.
Early life.
He was born in Chorley, Lancashire, the eldest son of Isaac Waring, a schoolmaster, and his wife, Catherine Holburt. He attended Owen's College, Manchester, (now the University of Manchester) and gained a BSc in physiology (1888), an MB (1890) in medicine and forensic medicine, a BS (1891) and MS in 1893. He became FRCS in 1891.
Career.
He was demonstrator of anatomy and teacher of surgery at St Bartholomews and rose to become consulting surgeon.
During the First World War he was a colonel in the Royal Army Medical Corps and consulting surgeon in addition to his hospital work. He was an officer of the Légion d'honneur.
He represented the Faculty of Medicine in the Senate of the University of London and in 1920 he was elected Dean of the Faculty of Medicine, and was Vice-Chancellor from 1922-24. He was also the first Vice-President of the St Bartholomew's Hospital Medical College and instrumental in getting it affiliated to the university.
In 1935 he was elected president of the Royal College of Surgeons of England, serving until 1937.
Personal life.
He was awarded CBE in 1919, knighted in 1925 and became a baronet in 1935.
In 1900 he married Annie Cassandra (d 1948) and they had a son, Alfred Harold (1902-1981), who was a research engineer at ICI.
He died at his home in Tidenham, Gloucestershire, in 1953.
References.
Note : It is unclear from the two references if the degrees were Manchester or London degrees and, if the latter, where Waring did his studies. London awarded degrees externally to several institutions at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="36755302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755302" title="Atlanta High School (Texas)">
Atlanta High School (Texas)

Atlanta High School is a public high school located in Atlanta, Texas (USA) and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is part of the Atlanta Independent School District located in northeast Cass County which shares a border with the Queen City Independent School District. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Atlanta Rabbits compete in the following sports 
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball
State Titles.
"Atlanta (UIL)"
State Finalists.
"Atlanta (UIL)"
"Atlanta Pruitt (PVIL)"
Band.
Atlanta High School proudly showcases the 'Big Bad Band from Rabbitland'. The band most recently placed 14th at the 2006 AAA State Marching Contest, 5th at the 2008 AAA Texas State Marching Contest, and 8th at the 2010 AAA Texas State Marching Contest. The band has made 6 appearances at the UIL Texas State Marching Contest dating back to the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="36755322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755322" title="Kenneth Maaten">
Kenneth Maaten

Kenneth Maaten (born 3 March 1953) is a Canadian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755337" title="Lee Hyun-jin">
Lee Hyun-jin

Lee Hyun-Jin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755341" title="Scott Scheuermann">
Scott Scheuermann

Scott Scheuermann (born 23 April 1954) is a Canadian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36755348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755348" title="Joanne Morgan">
Joanne Morgan

Joanne Morgan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755363" title="Soft core (synthesis)">
Soft core (synthesis)

A soft core (also called softcore) is a digital circuit that can be wholly implemented using logic synthesis. It can be implemented via different semiconductor devices containing programmable logic (e.g., ASIC, FPGA, CPLD), including both high-end and commodity variations. Many soft cores may be implemented in one FPGA.
In those multi-core systems, rarely used resources can be shared between all the cores.
Examples of soft core implementations are soft microprocessors, graphics chips like AGA or Open Graphics Project, harddisc controllers etc.

</doc>
