<doc id="36615611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615611" title="The Counselor">
The Counselor

The Counselor (spelled The Counsellor in some markets) is a 2013 British-American thriller film directed by Ridley Scott, from the original film screenplay by Cormac McCarthy. The film stars Michael Fassbender as the eponymous Counselor—who gets in over his head in a drugs deal around the troubled Juarez, Mexico / Texas border area—as well as Cameron Diaz, Javier Bardem, Penélope Cruz and Brad Pitt. The film deals with themes of greed, death, the primal instincts of humans and their consequences.
"The Counselor" was chosen as the closing film at the 2013 Morelia Film Festival and also played the Cork Film Festival. The London premiere was held on October 3, 2013 in Leicester Square. The New York City premiere was held on October 9, 2013. The film has received mixed reviews from critics and was theatrically released on October 25, 2013.
Plot.
The story begins with a man, known only as "The Counselor" (Michael Fassbender), and his girlfriend Laura (Penélope Cruz) lying in bed and speaking to one another in an increasingly suggestive and erotic manner. The Counselor then performs oral sex on Laura. Meanwhile, somewhere in Mexico, cocaine is being packaged in barrels and concealed in a sewage truck. The truck is driven across the border and stored at a sewage treatment plant. The Counselor goes to Amsterdam on what he claims is a business trip, but is actually a meeting with a diamond dealer (Bruno Ganz) in order to purchase an engagement ring for Laura. Back in the United States, The Counselor proposes to Laura, and she accepts. He attends a party at a house owned by Reiner (Javier Bardem) and his girlfriend Malkina (Cameron Diaz). The Counselor and Reiner have a lengthy discussion, during which Reiner claims that The Counselor is not capitalizing on his position of power as much as he could be. The Counselor meets with Westray (Brad Pitt), a business associate, to express interest in a drug deal with a four-thousand percent return rate.
Westray warns The Counselor about becoming involved in such a deal, saying that Mexican cartels are merciless, particularly to lawyers. The Counselor visits one of his clients, a prison inmate named Ruth (Rosie Perez) who is on trial for murder. Ruth's son is a biker and a valued cartel member known as "The Green Hornet" recently arrested for speeding. The Counselor agrees to bail him out of jail. Malkina employs "The Wireman" (Sam Spruell) to steal the drugs. He does this by decapitating the biker with a wire stretched across the highway. After collecting the component that will allow the sewage truck to start, The Wireman drives to the sewage treatment plant, where he steals the truck containing the cocaine. Learning of this incident, Westray meets with The Counselor to notify him that The Green Hornet is dead and that the cocaine has been stolen, bleakly intoning The Counselor's culpability.
Simultaneously, both Ruth and the cartel link The Counselor to the death of the biker and the theft of the drugs. The cartel has found that he bailed out The Green Hornet, which appears as suspect timing and fully blameworthy for the putative purposes of the cartel. The Counselor seeks help from Reiner but receives nothing more than Reiner telling him that his fate is sealed. In Texas, two cartel members pretending to be police officers pull over The Wireman and his accomplice. A shootout ensues when the accomplice shoots and kills one of the "officers" and wounds the other. The wounded cartel member manages to kill the accomplice and The Wireman, accidentally shooting the sewage truck and purposely gunning down a passing-by driver. Reiner is accidentally killed by cartel members while attempting to capture him, and Laura is simultaneously kidnapped. In a last-ditch effort, The Counselor contacts Jefe (Rubén Blades), a high-ranking cartel member, for information on the whereabouts of Laura, Reiner, and Westray, or suggestions on what to do next. Jefe advises The Counselor to live with the choices he has made.
After the truck is fixed and the wounded cartel member is cared for, he goes to the meeting location where the buyer (Dean Norris) gets his cocaine. The Counselor goes back to Mexico, hoping to find Laura. A package is slipped under the door of his hotel room. He opens it and finds a DVD with "Hola!" written on the side. The Counselor breaks down completely, heavily implying that the disk contains an execution video of Laura from the cartel. Laura's decapitated body is dumped at a landfill. Meanwhile, Malkina's failed effort to steal the drugs means that she is out the money she wants. She tracks Westray to London, hiring a woman (Natalie Dormer) to seduce him and steal his bank codes. She then has Westray brutally killed to get his computer to access the account. Malkina meets her banker (Goran Višnjić) at an expensive restaurant. She advises him that he is in over his head and that he needs to get out of the business because if need be, he would be expendable. They turn to the menu and the film ends with her saying "I'm famished."
Literary themes.
Writing for "Serpentbox" on 28 October 2013, Vincent Carrella identified the Spanish poet Antonio Machado as the source of the poetic verses used by the cartel kingpin, The Jefe, when speaking to The Counselor. In the second half of the film, The Jefe recites directly from the poem to The Counselor, “Caminante, no hay camino. Se hace camino al andar,” which translates in its original context as: "wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking." This passage is taken from Machado's poem "Campos de Castilla" with Machado's reflections upon the prospects of his own life after learning of his wife being diagnosed with terminal tuberculosis from which she would die within a year. The Jefe uses the poem to inform The Counselor of his own impending demise. In the film, The Jefe concludes by telling The Counselor, “You are the world you have created. And when you cease to exist, that world you have created will also cease to exist.”
Production.
Pre-production.
On January 18, 2012, it was reported that novelist Cormac McCarthy had sold his first spec script, "The Counselor", to Nick Wechsler, Paula Mae Schwartz, and Steve Schwartz, who had previously produced the film adaptation of McCarthy's novel "The Road". On January 31, it was reported that Ridley Scott was currently considering several directorial projects, but that there was a strong possibility that "The Counselor" would be his next film and his follow-up to "Prometheus". On February 9, it was confirmed that Scott would direct.
Filming.
Principal photography began on July 27, 2012 in London. The film was also shot in Spain and the United States. On August 20, 2012, Scott halted production of the film due to his brother Tony's death. He canceled that week's shoot in order to travel to Los Angeles to be with his brother's family. Scott returned to London to resume production on September 3.
The film was dedicated to the memory of Tony Scott, who had taken his own life during production, and Matthew Baker, an assistant director on the film who has since died.
The first teaser trailer was released June 25, 2013.
Design.
Costume designer Janty Yates collaborated with Giorgio Armani on the film as a part of a new partnership between Armani and 20th Century Fox that also extends into retail and digital initiatives. Armani was enlisted to create the wardrobes for the characters portrayed by Michael Fassbender and Penélope Cruz. In addition to Armani, designer Paula Thomas also contributed to the film's wardrobe by dressing Cameron Diaz's character, Malkina, with roughly 15 different outfits. "wasn't until I read the script that I realized why called upon me," said Thomas. "[Cameron's character has a lot of elements of a Thomas Wylde woman. [She's] bold, edgy, modern. She’s about wanting to be seen, as opposed to blending into the background."
For Javier Bardem's character, Yates applied a widely colorful wardrobe that was mostly made up of pieces of Versace. As for Bardem's hair, the idea was the actor's own and inspired by film producer Brian Grazer's hairdo.
Music.
The film score to "The Counselor" was composed by Daniel Pemberton. Pemberton recorded the score with a full orchestra at Abbey Road Studios in addition to integrating home-recorded guitar noises and textures. "Ridley responds really well to interesting and unusual sounds," explained Pemberton on the composer-director relationship. "So as a composer who likes making unusual sounds, that’s exciting. It was daunting but he was great to work with and up for experimenting. [...] He made the process a lot less scary than it should have been."
A soundtrack album was released digitally on October 22 and in physical forms on November 11, 2013 by Milan Records.
Reception.
Box office.
Preliminary reports had "The Counselor" tracking for a $8.6–$13 million debut in North America. The film opened to $3.2 million in 3,336 locations on Friday and opened at #4 in the box office with just a cumulative $7,842,930 over the weekend.
Critical response.
The film currently holds a 35% approval rating on review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 190 reviews, with an average score of 4.9/10. The consensus reads: ""The Counselor" raises expectations with its talented cast and creative crew—then subverts them with a wordy and clumsy suspense thriller that's mercilessly short on suspense or thrills." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 based on reviews from critics, the film has a score of 48 based on 42 reviews, considered to be "mixed or average reviews". It received a very negative grade of a "D" from market-research firm CinemaScore.
Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a negative review, calling it "not a very likable or gratifying film," adding that "one is left with a very bleak ending and an only slightly less depressing sense of the waste of a lot of fine talent both behind and in front of the camera." Noted critic Mark Kermode listed it as number two on his "Ten Worst Films of 2013". The "Los Angeles Times"' Kenneth Turan stated, "As cold, precise and soulless as the diamonds that figure briefly in its plot, "The Counselor" is an extremely unpleasant piece of business." Peter Debruge of "Variety" criticized Cormac McCarthy's script, saying that his "first original script is nearly all dialogue, but it's a lousy story, ineptly constructed and rendered far too difficult to follow."
Conversely, Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film four stars out of four, saying "director Ridley Scott and screenwriter Cormac McCarthy have fashioned a sexy, sometimes shockingly violent, literate and richly textured tale of the Shakespearean consequences of one man’s irrevocable act of avarice" and called it "a bloody great time." In addition, Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" gave the film a rave review, stating that "Mr. McCarthy appears to have never read a screenwriting manual in his life [...] That's a compliment." Danny Leigh of the BBC film review programme "Film 2013" praised the film, saying that "the real star is the script. What this film really is a Cormac McCarthy audiobook with visuals by Ridley Scott. It's black as night, engrossing and masterful." He also acclaimed the performances, particularly Diaz's, and said, with regard to the negative reviews, "Movie history is littered with films that we all sneered at and we all laughed at and we all thought were terrible and the critics hated them and no-one went to see them, and then 40 years later they fetch up on programmes like this with everyone saying 'what a masterpiece!'"
Scott Foundas, chief film critic for "Variety", wrote a defense of the film titled "Why "The Counselor" Is One of Ridley Scott's Best Films" in which he compared it to John Boorman's "Point Blank" and the screenplay to the work of David Mamet, Harold Pinter, and Quentin Tarantino. Foundas writes, "film is bold and thrilling in ways that mainstream American movies rarely are, and its rejection suggests what little appetite there is for real daring at the multiplex nowadays."

</doc>
<doc id="36615620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615620" title="Alfred Pearce Gould">
Alfred Pearce Gould

Sir Alfred Pearce Gould KCVO CBE MBBS MS FRCS (2 January 1852 – 19 April 1922) was Dean of the Faculty of Medicine of the University of London from 1912–1916 and was Vice-Chancellor of the university from 1916–1917. He was also a Fellow and Member of Council of University College London.
Education.
He was educated at Amersham Hall School in Caversham, Oxfordshire, now Berkshire, and then University College, London. He was awarded a Gold Medal and Scholarship in Medicine, Surgery, and Obstetric Medicine at the MB examination and the Gold Medal in Forensic Medicine and two years later the Gold Medal at the MS.
Career.
At University College Hospital he was in succession House Physician, House Surgeon, Surgical Registrar, and Demonstrator of Anatomy.
He became Assistant Surgeon at Westminster Hospital and from 1877 to 1887 lectured in the hospitals Medical School. He then became Assistant Surgeon at Middlesex Hospital and Dean of the Medical School during 1886–1892.
He was particularly interested in the cause and treatment of cancer.
In World War I he was Major in the Territorial Force in charge of the surgical division of a Territorial General Hospital. He became Lieutenant-Colonel in 1915. He took charge after the 1918 Armistice until the hospital closed in 1920. He was sent to France in 1917 to report on the treatment of wounds.
He was awarded KCVO in 1910 and CBE in 1919 for military service.
Personal life.
He married twice and had three sons and five daughters. His second son, Eric Lush Pearce Gould became a surgeon at the Middlesex Hospital. A third son, Alfred served in the Royal Navy and was killed in the war. He was a practising Baptist and total abstainer from alocohol. He died in Ashburton, Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="36615667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615667" title="Summit Public Schools (Charter school operator)">
Summit Public Schools (Charter school operator)

Summit Public Schools is a charter school operator. It operates Summit Preparatory Charter High School in Redwood City; Everest Public High School in Redwood City; Summit Public School: Rainier in San Jose; and Summit Public School: Tahoma in San Jose. 

</doc>
<doc id="36615670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615670" title="1882–83 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season">
1882–83 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season

The 1882–83 season was the second season in which Bolton Wanderers competed in a senior competitive football competition. The club entered the FA Cup in November 1882, but were knocked out in the third round by the Welsh club Druids.

</doc>
<doc id="36615673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615673" title="Beni Airport">
Beni Airport

Beni Airport is an airport serving the city of Beni, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36615674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615674" title="Burdine, Kentucky">
Burdine, Kentucky

Burdine is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States. Their post office operated in Burdine from 1907 to 1911.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. The Köppen Climate System describes the weather as humid subtropical, and uses the abbreviation "Cfa".

</doc>
<doc id="36615677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615677" title="Tramways Act">
Tramways Act

Tramways Act is a stock short titles used in New Zealand and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to tramways.
List.
United Kingdom.
The Tramways (Ireland) Acts 1860 to 1895 is the collective title of the follwoing Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36615698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615698" title="Cromona, Kentucky">
Cromona, Kentucky

Cromona is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States. Their post office has operated since 1916 

</doc>
<doc id="36615724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615724" title="List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 17th Congress by seniority">
List of Members of the United States House of Representatives in the 17th Congress by seniority

This is a list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 17th United States Congress by seniority. For the most part, representatives are ranked by the beginning of their terms in office.
As an historical article, the districts and party affiliations listed reflect those during the 17th Congress (March 4, 1821–March 3, 1823). Seats and party affiliations on similar lists for other Congresses will be different for certain members.
This article describes the criteria for seniority in the House of Representatives and sets out the list of members by seniority. It is prepared on the basis of the interpretation of seniority applied to the House of Representatives in the 112th Congress. In the absence of information to the contrary, it is presumed that the twenty-first-century practice is identical to the seniority customs used during the 17th Congress.
House seniority.
Seniority in the House, for Congressmen with unbroken service, depends on the date on which the members first term began. That date is either the start of the Congress (4th March in odd numbered years, for the era up to and including the 73rd Congress starting in 1933) or the date of a special election during the Congress. Since many members start serving on the same day as others, ranking between them is based on alphabetical order by the last name of the congressman.
Congressmen, in early Congresses, were often elected after the legal start of the Congress. Such representatives are attributed with unbroken seniority, from the legal start of the congressional term, if they were the first person elected to a seat in a Congress. The date of the election is indicated in a note.
The seniority date is normally taken from the members entry in the "Biographical Directory of the United States Congress", except where the date given is the legal start of the Congress and the actual election (for someone who was not the first person elected to the seat in that Congress) was later. The date of election is taken from "United States Congressional Elections 1788-1997". In a few instances the latter work provides dates, for the start and end of terms, which correct those in the Biographical Directory. 
The Biographical Directory normally uses the date of a special election, as the seniority date. However, mostly in early Congresses, the date of the member taking his seat can be the one given. The date of the special election is mentioned in a note to the list below, when that date is not used as the seniority date by the Biographical Directory. 
Representatives who returned to the House, after having previously served, are credited with service equal to one less than the total number of terms they served. When a representative has served a prior term of less than two terms (i.e. prior term minus one equals less than one), he is ranked above all others whose service begins on the same day.
Leadership.
In this Congress the only formal leader was the Speaker of the House. A Speakership election was held on December 3-4, 1821 and Philip P. Barbour (DR-VA) was elected on the tenth ballot. In the final ballot, Speaker Barbour received 88 votes, John W. Taylor (DR-NY) (Speaker at the end of the previous Congress) had 67 votes, Henry Baldwin (DR-PA) 6, Samuel Smith (DR-MD) 4, Caesar A. Rodney (DR-DE) 3 and there were 4 scattering votes. 
The title Dean of the House (sometimes known, in the nineteenth century, as Father of the House) was held by the member with the longest continuous service. It was not a formal leadership position.
Standing Committees.
The House created its first standing committee, on April 13, 1789. There were twenty-one standing committees, listed in the rules initially used by the 17th Congress. Four additional committees were added during the Congress. The Committees on Indian Affairs was created on December 17, 1821. Standing committees on Foreign Affairs, Military Affairs and Naval Affairs were authorised, when the rules of the House were amended on March 14, 1822.
Committees, in this period, were normally appointed for a session at a time by the Speaker. However the resolution of March 30, 1816, which created the committees on departmental expenditures and Expenditures on Public Buildings, provided for those standing committees to be appointed for the whole Congress.
This list refers to the standing committees of the House in the 17th Congress, the year of establishment as a standing committee, the number of members assigned to the committee and the dates of appointment in each session (or if appropriate for the Congress), the end of the session (if appropriate) and its chairman. Chairmen, who were re-appointed after serving in the previous Congress, are indicated by an *. 
The first session was December 3, 1821-May 8, 1822 (157 days) and the second session was December 2, 1822-March 3, 1823 (92 days).
Notes:-
List of Representatives by seniority.
A numerical rank is assigned to each of the 186 members initially elected to the 17th Congress. Other members, who were not the first person elected to a seat but who joined the House during the Congress, are not assigned a number (except for the representative from the newly admitted state of Missouri, who is assigned the number 187). The recently admitted state of Maine was assigned six additional seats in this Congress, to add to the one transferred in the last Congress, which had previously been allocated to Massachusetts.
Eleven representatives-elect were not sworn in. 1 declined to serve (SC-8), 1 did not qualify (TN-6), 3 died (KY-8, NJ-al:Linn, NY-6), 4 resigned (KY-7, OH-4, PA-5:Duncan, PA-10:Ellis) and 2 were unseated (not having taken their seats) after election contests (MD-6, NY-1:Sharp). The list below includes the Representatives-elect (with name in italics), with the seniority they would have held if sworn in.
The notes indicate, with , a member (the Territorial Delegate from Florida) with a Hispanic backgrounds.
Party designations used in this article are DR for Democratic-Republican members and F for Federalist representatives. Designations used for service in the first three congresses are (A) for Anti-Administration members and (P) for Pro-Administration representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="36615727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615727" title="Yenga">
Yenga

Yenga is a village in Kissi Teng Chiefdom, Kailahun District in the Eastern province of Sierra Leone at the international border between Sierra Leone and Guinea. Yenga is located on a hill above the south side of the confluence of the Mafissia River and the Makona River (Moa River), where that river forms the border between the two countries. The area is inhabited by the Kissi people. In July 2012 Sierra Leone and Guinea declared the demilitarization of the Yenga area. 
History.
Prior to the late 1990s Yenga was a small fishing village. However, after occupation by the Revolutionary United Front (RUF), alluvial diamonds were discovered in the Makona River. Mining and agriculture have replaced fishing as the major economic activity.
In 2001, during Sierra Leone’s civil war, the Republic of Guinea sent troops into Yenga to help the army of Sierra Leone suppress the rebel RUF. After the rebels were quashed, the Guinean soldiers remained in Yenga. Prior to the civil war Yenga was administered by the Kailahun District of Sierra Leone. In 2002 Sierra Leone and Guinea signed an agreement than Yenga would be returned to Sierra Leone, as soon as Guinea's border could be secured. In 2005 Sierra Leone and Guinea signed an agreement that Yenga belonged to Sierra Leone. The two heads of state settled this dispute in 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="36615733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615733" title="Four Corners (Silver Spring, Maryland)">
Four Corners (Silver Spring, Maryland)

Four Corners is a neighborhood located in Silver Spring, Maryland, United States.
Location.
Four Corners is located in Silver Spring, one of the oldest suburbs of Washington, D.C.. Its boundaries are roughly Lorain Avenue on the northwest, Woodmoor Drive to the northeast and Interstate 495 (Capital Beltway) to the south. It borders the neighborhoods of Sunset Terrace, Northwood park, Indian Spring Village, Franklin Knolls, Indian Spring Terrace and North Hills Sligo Park.
Landmarks.
Montgomery Blair High School (MBHS) is a public high school, named after Montgomery Blair, a lawyer who represented Dred Scott in his United States Supreme Court case and who served as Postmaster General under President Abraham Lincoln. The school is nationally recognized for its magnet program and Communication Arts Program (CAP).
The Polychrome Historic District is a national historic district in the Four Corners neighborhood. It recognizes a group of five houses built by John Joseph Earley in 1934 and 1935.
North Four Corners Local Park: the land that comprises this park was first acquired in the mid-1940s. The park grew in size to 14 acres in 1998. The park features a recreation building, playground, ballfields, tennis courts and a picnic area.
A number of historic homes exist in what was Northwood Park (now the area where Edgewood Avenue and Lorain Avenue meet near North Four Corners Local Park). These include the Silver Spring 1939 World’s Fair Home (House No. 15 in the 'Town of Tomorrow') and the brick Tudor Revival Washington Gas Model Home that opened the 1938 building program in Northwood Park.
History.
Four Corners came into being as a residential neighborhood in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="36615742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615742" title="Dunham, Kentucky">
Dunham, Kentucky

Dunham is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States. Dunham's post office operated in the community from 1913 to 1960.
The community was named for county auditor A. S. Dunham.

</doc>
<doc id="36615751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615751" title="Farraday, Kentucky">
Farraday, Kentucky

Farraday is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36615759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615759" title="RL (singer)">
RL (singer)

Robert "RL" Lavelle Huggar(born April 2, 1977, Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an African-American R&B singer, record producer and songwriter. he is best known for being the lead singer of the R&B group Next.
Early Life.
RL was born in 1977 in Minneapolis, Minnesota to Robert and Toni Huggar. Growing up, he was exposed to a variety of musical styles that helped influence his sound. His admiration of artists like Prince and Michael Jackson and music producers such as Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis encouraged him to pursue music. 
Next.
Fronted by R. L. Huggar, brothers Terry Brown and Raphael Brown, Next originally performed under the name "Straight4ward." For broader commercial appeal, the name was alter changed to "Next". The group was introduced to producer and DJ artist KayGee from Naughty By Nature. Subsequently, they signed with KayGee's newly-formed Divine Mill record label, which, at the time, was distributed through Arista Records.
Solo.
RL first distinguished himself outside of Next with his duet with Deborah Cox on the song “We Can’t Be Friends” as well as other feature projects. RL followed up that effort with “Best Man” the super-group track from the The Best Man (1999) soundtrack which also featured Ginuwine, Tyrese and Case. By the time RL’s soulful “Good Love” (from "The Brothers" movie soundtrack) and his hook to Tupac’s "Until the End of Time" were released, he had created and artistic persona distinct and separate from Next. "RL: Ements" is RL’s debut solo project and was released on J Records. It spawned the singles "Got Me A Model" and "Good Man".

</doc>
<doc id="36615771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615771" title="Kona, Kentucky">
Kona, Kentucky

Kona is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States. The Kona Post Office closed in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36615779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615779" title="Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1851–1855">
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1851–1855

This is a list of members of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1851 to 1855. Sixteen members were elected at the 1851 state election with terms expiring in 1854. The four official (i.e. holding offices - front bench) members and four non-official members were nominated by the Governor on behalf of the Crown. Voting was voluntary and restricted to land-holding males. This Council was dissolved by proclamation on 15 August 1855, and elections held for 6 City seats on 20 September and 7 Country seats on 21 September.
See also.
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1855–1857

</doc>
<doc id="36615787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615787" title="Sergent, Kentucky">
Sergent, Kentucky

Sergent is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36615803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615803" title="Thornton, Kentucky">
Thornton, Kentucky

Thornton is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States. Their post office closed on November 2008 

</doc>
<doc id="36615808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615808" title="Abel Kingué">
Abel Kingué

Abel Kingué (1924 - 16 April 1964) was a political leader in the struggle for the independence of Cameroon from France.
Early years.
Abel Kegne (his birth name) was born at Fokoué, near Bamendjou in the Ndé department of West Province, Cameroon in 1924.
He came from a Bamiléké background. 
He left home early and went to Dschang to live with Mathieu Yamdjeu, a friend of his father. 
He became a ball boy at the tennis club, and was noticed there and enrolled in school.
He studied at Dschang, Bafang, Nkongsamba and then at the Nursing School in Ayos.
UPC militant in Cameroon.
In 1947 Abel Kingué was working in a large store in Douala, where he met Robert Ekwalla.
Both became militants in the Union des Syndicats Confédérés du Cameroun (USCC). 
In April 1950 he left the store and joined the staff of the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon (UPC) at its first congress in Dschang.
In 1951 at Nkongsamba he publicly denounced the political machinations of prince Ndoumbe Douala Manga Bell.
He demonstrated that he had great skills as an orator, strong ideological convictions and a great capacity for work and organization.
He was re-elected vice-president of the UPC in September 1952 at its second congress in Eséka.
He was also editor of the UPC organ the "Voice of Cameroon".
Abel Kingué was one of the founders of the Democratic Youth of Cameroon ("Jeunesse Démocratique du Cameroun - JDC").
In December 1953 he represented the JDC at the United Nations.
On his return, during his tour to report on his trip, he was attacked at Mbouroukou near Melong, severely wounded and left for dead.
He recovered, and in April 1954 ran as a candidate for the Territorial Assembly of Cameroon ("Assemblée Territoriale du Cameroun - ATCAM").
Despite his great popularity, the colonial administration declared that he was defeated.
In April and May 1955 the UPC held a series of angry meetings, circulated pamphlets and organized strikes.
On 18 April 1955 Kingué's home, as well as those of the UPC leaders Ruben Um Nyobé and Jacques Ngom, was ransacked and burned. 
On 25 May 1955 the police opened fire on demonstrators in Loum, Douala, Yaoundé, Ngambé and other places.
The following night the police sacked and burned the UPC headquarters in Douala's New Bell quarter.
There were perhaps 5,000 victims of the violence at the end of May.
On 13 July 1955 the French government dissolved the UPC by decree. 
Most of the UPC leaders moved to Kumba in the British-administered Southern Cameroons to avoid being jailed by the colonial power.
Exile and death.
On 28 January 1956 the UPC presented its position in a declaration to the international press signed by Félix-Roland Moumié (President), Ruben Um Nyobé (Secretary General) and the two Vice-Presidents, Ernest Ouandié and Abel Kingué. They called for reunification of French- and British-administered areas as an independent state.
Abel Kingué chaired a major meeting of the JDC on 8/9 November 1956 in Kumba.
He was attacked and left for dead by French commandos who were trying to kill the leaders of the UPC. 
In July 1957, under pressure from the French, the British authorities in Southern Cameroon deported the leaders of the UPC to Khartoum, Sudan.
They moved in turn to Cairo, Egypt, to Conakry, Guinea and finally to Accra, Ghana.
Suffering from high blood pressure, Kingué led a quiet life while in exile.
On 6 September 1962 the UPC leadership in exile met in Accra at Ndeh Ntumazah's house, and decided to exclude the "criminal clique of Woungly" from the administrative secretariat.
At ten that evening, when the attendees were about to leave, a bomb exploded without causing any injury.
The Ghana authorities were not amused and threw the entire UPC leadership in jail.
In October they freed Massaga, Tchaptchet and Ntumazah, but kept Abel Kingué in prison.
On 13 September 1962 the UPC organized its first "Assemblée populaire sous maquis" in Mungo, where the Revolutionary Committee was named.
The committee was presided over by Ernest Ouandié. 
Other members were Abel Kingué, Michel Ndoh, Ndongo Diyé, Osendé Afana, Nicanor Njiawe and Woungly-Massaga.
A two-headed leadership was theoretically in place, with Abel Kingué leading the exiles from Ghana and Ernest Ouandié in the maquis. 
The organization functioned poorly due to communication problems and also to the Sino-Soviet split.
The next year it split, with Abel Kingué and Osendé Afana allied with Ntumazah and opposed to the other leaders.
Abel Kingué remained imprisoned in Accra until July 1963. After being released, his medical condition steadily deteriorated, with complications that included behavioral disorders.
While on a mission to Algiers his condition suddenly worsened. Ahmed Ben Bella, President of Algeria, arranged for him to be flown to Cairo for treatment, where he died on 16 April 1964.
He was the only UPC leader who did not die a violent death.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36615810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615810" title="Asia Catalyst">
Asia Catalyst

Asia Catalyst is a nonprofit organization based in New York City that focuses on health and
human rights in China and Southeast Asia.
Since its founding in 2006 by Sara L.M. Davis, the organization has focused on providing training in nonprofit
management skills to grassroots groups working on health and human rights, as well as
conducting research and advocacy.
Mission statement.
Asia Catalyst works with grassroots groups from marginalized communities in East and
Southeast Asia that promote the right to health. Asia Catalyst trains their partners to meet high
standards of effective and democratic governance, to establish a stable foundation for future
growth, and to conduct rigorous human rights research and advocacy. Asia Catalyst aims to help
their partners become leading advocates at the local, national and global levels.
Programs.
Coaching.
Asia Catalyst provides tailored coaching to individual organizations and small
groups in organizational management, documentation and advocacy to small grassroots groups
working on health rights. The coaching focuses especially on groups from marginalized
communities, such as sex workers, drug users, LGBT people, and people living with HIV/
AIDS. Much of their work has focused on grassroots groups in the People’s Republic of China,
as well as groups in Korea, Thailand, and Myanmar (Burma). Asia Catalyst’s approach uses
tools that have been developed in the field with input from their partners, and helps each group
to develop strategic plans, project timelines, budgets, and volunteer management systems. Once
this foundation is established, groups may be assisted in developing rights documentation and
advocacy projects, working on such issues as discrimination, criminalization and access to health
services. Asia Catalyst trains groups to advocate with local and national officials, the United Nations, and to participate in international meetings. 
Advocacy and research.
Asia Catalyst partners with local groups in China to conduct
qualitative research to document human rights abuses that affect the right to health. These reports
draw on international human rights standards and local laws to make policy recommendations.
Asia Catalyst’s advocacy work has focused on compensation for victims of the HIV blood
disaster, as well as discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS, and rights issues facing
drug users and sex workers.
Selected publications.
"The Nonprofit Survival Guide" introduces fundamental tools in management of grassroots
nonprofit organizations, with handouts and worksheets on strategic planning, volunteer and staff
management, and budgeting. It is available in English and Chinese.
"Know It, Prove It, Change It: A Rights Curriculum for Grassroots Groups"
This three-part series was created by Asia Catalyst, Thai AIDS Treatment Action Group, and
Dongjen Center for Human Rights Education and Action. Each handbook comes with lesson
plans activists can use to train their communities.
"Know It": The Rights Framework discusses international human rights standards and
how they apply to real-life cases affecting people living with HIV/AIDS and other
marginalized communities. (Available in English, Chinese, and Thai)
"Prove It": Documenting Rights Abuses explains how to plan and conduct rigorous rights
research. (Available in English, Chinese, and Thai)
"Change It": Ending Rights Abuses (forthcoming) shows how to plan and conduct local,
national and international advocacy.
"China's Blood Disaster: The Way Forward" is a joint report by Korekata AIDS Law Center
and Asia Catalyst, released in March 2012. It documents the challenges victims of China’s HIV blood disaster face in getting compensation and makes recommendations for a national
compensation fund.
"AIDS Blood Scandals: What China Can Learn from the World's Mistakes" was published in 2007.
It examines how the U.S.A., Japan, France and Canada handled their own HIV blood disaster, and
puts forth recommendations for China’s policies.
"“I Will Fight to My Last Breath”: Barriers to AIDS Treatment for Children in China" documents
challenges children living with HIV/AIDS in China face to getting pediatric treatment, and draws
on 2009 field research in Henan and Yunnan provinces.
Administration.
Leadership/board.
Asia Catalyst is governed by a board of directors. The board provides support and guidance
for program direction and development. The board is led by Chair and Treasurer Yvonne Y. F.
Chan, and includes Minky Worden of Human Rights Watch.
Sara L.M. Davis, Ph.D. (“Meg”) in the executive director and founder of Asia Catalyst. Davis
began the organization in 2006. Davis has a distinguished record of research and advocacy on
HIV/AIDS and human rights, police abuse, housing rights, environmental rights, and rule of law
in China, Thailand, Burma, Cambodia and Indonesia.
Funding.
Asia Catalyst, a 501(c)3 registered charity, undergoes an independent audit annually and files
information returns with various governmental regulatory agencies. The organization’s resources
come from contributions from individuals, foundations, and government funding.
Among its most significant supporters are the Open Society Foundation, The Levi Strauss Foundation, National Endowment for Democracy, the Swedish International Development Agency, the German Embassy in Beijing, UNAIDS, and the U.S. State Department Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="36615816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615816" title="Zadarski list">
Zadarski list

Zadarski list is a Croatian daily newspaper. It is the first daily newspaper published in Zadar.
"Zadarski list" started on 3 November 1994 as a weekly. At that time, it was focused on the news from Zadar and the Zadar County, reaching a circulation of 12,000. "Zadarski list" became a daily newspaper on 21 December 1998, and switched to wider coverage of events in Croatia and the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36615826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615826" title="Beni-Dibele Airport">
Beni-Dibele Airport

Beni-Dibele Airport is an airport serving the community of Bena Dibele, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36615827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615827" title="Karajan Gold">
Karajan Gold

The Karajan Gold series is a collection of thirty classic digital Deutsche Grammophon recordings by the 20th century Austrian conductor Herbert von Karajan.

</doc>
<doc id="36615831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615831" title="Whitco, Kentucky">
Whitco, Kentucky

Whitco is an unincorporated community and coal town in Letcher County, Kentucky, United States. A post office operated in Whitco from 1918 to 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="36615849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615849" title="SK Sugar Gliders">
SK Sugar Gliders

SK Sugar Gliders is a women's team handball club from South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="36615882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615882" title="Centre-right Civic Initiative">
Centre-right Civic Initiative

Centre-right Civic Initiative () is a non-governamental organization in Romania. It was founded by former prime minister Mihai-Răzvan Ungureanu. The initiative will run at autumn 2012 legislative elections.

</doc>
<doc id="36615899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615899" title="Timeline of Rouen">
Timeline of Rouen

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Rouen, France. 

</doc>
<doc id="36615915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615915" title="Fabrizio Rizzolo">
Fabrizio Rizzolo

Fabrizio Rizzolo (born June 6, 1964 in Asti, Italy) is an Italian actor and singer.
Biography.
He was also known by his stage name Brian Ice.
Between 1985 and 1989, he recorded the Italo disco hits "Talking to the Night", "Tokyo", "Night Girl", and others for Memory Records.
He continued his music career, evolving his style from Italo disco into Eurobeat, still under the alias Brian Ice.
He also performed in several films, such as "Dark Resurrection" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="36615929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615929" title="Terry Calloway">
Terry Calloway

Terry Calloway (born 1954) is former a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 3rd district (Pittsburg) from 2011 to 2013. Calloway was first elected to office in 2010, where he defeated the incumbent Julie Menghini. 
Calloway was raised in Greenville, South Carolina. He attended Greenville Technical College and was a draftsman working in mechanical engineering related fields. He later moved to Pittsburg, Kansas and attended Pittsburg State University earning a bachelors degree in computer science in 1988. That year he established Data Technique, a computer software and consulting firm.
Calloway is pro-life, and has been a co-sponsor of bills to limit late-term abortions, including the intact dilation and extraction procedure. He is a member of the American Majority.
On June 11th 2012, Calloway announced he would withdraw from the 2012 election.

</doc>
<doc id="36615976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615976" title="Athletics at the 2010 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 2010 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 2010 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Rommel Fernández in Ciudad de Panamá, Panamá, between April 16-19, 2010. 
A total of 39 events were contested, 20 by men and 19 by women. Although initially scheduled, 8 events were finally cancelled: 35km Walk, Hammer Throw, Pole Vault, and Marathon for men, and 
10km Walk, Triple Jump, Pole Vault, and Marathon for women.
Records.
13 new games records were set.
Medal summary.
The official website is no longer available, but a couple of pages were archived.
Medal winners as shown below were published in various sources: On the webpage
of the Central American Isthmus Athletic Confederation ("Spanish: Confederación Atlética del Istmo Centroamericano") CADICA.
Results from
the first three days were compiled from the CACAC webpage. Medal winners were published on the webpage of the Panamanian Sports Institute ("Spanish: Instituto Panameño de Deportes").

</doc>
<doc id="36615992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615992" title="Mariano Giaquinta">
Mariano Giaquinta

Mariano Giaquinta (born Caltagirone, 1947), is an Italian mathematician mainly known for his contributions to the fields of calculus of variations and regularity theory of partial differential equation. He is currently professor of Mathematics at the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa and he is the director of De Giorgi center at Pisa.
Career.
Giaquinta is well known for his basic work in elliptic regularity theory, and especially in the setting of vectorial variational problems. Together with Enrico Giusti he has obtained innovative results on the regularity of minima of variational integrals and related singular sets. The main novelty is in the fact that, for the first time, the regularity of minimizers is obtained using directly the minimality properties without appealing to Euler–Lagrange equation of the functionals, which in general is not supposed to exist in the cases considered. His work with Giuseppe Modica on the local higher integrability properties of solutions to elliptic systems has had an influence on the development of partial regularity theory. Many of these results are summarized in his 1983 book.
Giaquinta has been one of the founders, and for many years the managing editor, of the journal "Calculus of Variations and PDE".
Awards.
Giaquinta won the Bartolozzi Prize of the Italian Mathematical Union in 1979, in 1990 he was awarded with Humboldt research award and in 2006 with the Amerio prize. He has been an invited speaker at the 1986 International congress of mathematicians. Giaquinta belongs to the ISI list of highly cited researchers in Mathematics and he is a member of the German Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="36615997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36615997" title="SNF Floerger">
SNF Floerger

SNF is the global leader in polyacrylamides with a capacity of 710 kt/y (active equivalent). These water soluble polymers are used in drinking water production, wastewater treatment, mining, paper, enhanced oil recovery, agriculture, textile and cosmetics.
The SNF Group comprises subsidiaries and joint ventures in over 40 countries and operates 23 production sites in Europe, Americas, Asia and Australia. Its headquarters is located in Andrézieux, France. SNF has customers in over 130 countries and supplies products to a wide variety of industries. SNF is one of the major chemical companies in France.
At the end of 2013, the company employed over 4,100 people for sales of 2.0 G€ ($2.7 billion).
Business segments.
SNF’s products operate in a variety of markets. The driving factors of SNF’s growth are the scarcity of natural resources: water, oil and minerals.
Drinking water production.
SNF manufactures and supplies organic coagulants such as PolyDADMAC and Polyamines as well as polyacrylamide flocculants either directly to the end user or through service companies who will in turn provide the service required by the drinking water production plant.
Wastewater treatment.
Wastewater treatment is SNF’s historical business. Polyacrylamide flocculants are used in the primary settlers as well as in the sludge dewatering stage.
Oil.
Polyacrylamides are used in Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) to improve the speed and amount of oil extracted from the reservoir. The techniques used to improve oil recovery can be straightforward polymer flooding (PF), surfactant polymer flooding (SP) or alkaline surfactant polymer flooding (ASP). The latter technique, when applicable, has been known to sweep the reservoir of 90% of the oil in place.
Gas (Tight Gas, Shale Gas, Coalbed Methane).
With the success of hydraulic fracturing, also referered to as slickwater fracturing, as a means of economically recovering unconventional gas reserves, use of polymeric friction reducers has become widespread. Polyacrylamides are used for their drag reducing properties on water to decrease frictional pressure losses, thereby maximizing bottom hole injection pressures allowing for a higher pressure from the same number of pump trucks.
Mining.
SNF produces also in its FLOMIN subsidiary a range of mining reagents based on xanthate and thiophosphate chemistry.
Paper.
Widely used by the paper Industry, polyacrylamides sold by SNF under the trademark FLORET are used as processing aids and applied on the wet end of a paper machine either alone or as a part of a multi-component system. They enhance productivity, retention and drainage. Coagulants act as fixative for various chemicals such as dyes and sizing agents, charge neutralization for pitch and cationic demand control. SNF also manufactures synthetic dry strength resins which are acrylamide based, glyoxalated (FLOSTRENGTH) or issued from Hofmann rearrangement. These resins applied in the thick stock, imparts higher strength properties to paper & board, allows fiber substitution by lower quality grades or by fillers (PCC, GCC) . Productivity increases have been reported.
Agriculture.
Polyacrylamide superabsorbents can absorb up to 400 times their weight in water, they are used for many applications such as reforestation, horticulture, landscaping and ornamentals. These products sold under the AQUASORB tradename, increase the water holding capacity of soils for several years, reduce irrigation time and water usage, and decrease water and nutrients losses linked to leaching.
Soluble polyacrylamide polymers are used to flocculate the irrigated soil thus improving water penetration and soil aeration while diminuishing soil erosion.
Textile.
FLOPRINT textile thickeners are used in pigment, reactive and dispersed printing. They are available as standard inverse emulsions, dewatered inverse emulsions and powders. SNF also manufactures textile auxiliaries used as antimigrants, dispersants, sizing and fixing agents.
Cosmetics.
SNF manufactures three types of cosmetic ingredients, conditioning agents, rheology modifiers and carbomers under the trademarks FLOCARE and FLOGEL. The first, known as Polyquaternium 6, 7, 11 and 22. is used for hair conditioning and body shampoos. They have an affinity for keratin thus protect, enhance and repair the hair fiber. Rheology modifiers are based on inverse emulsion thickening agents for skin care formulations and hair combing creams. Carbomers, based on precipitation technology, are the most widely used thickening agents in the cosmetic industry.
Functional Solutions.
SNF also manufactures specialty polymers such as FLOSET for the construction industry, FLOSPERSE as dispersants, FLOSOFT and FLOGEL in home care applications, METALSORB as heavy metal chelating agents and ODORFLO as odour control agents.
Production.
SNF has always heavily invested in production facilities across the globe, as a result SNF has a total of 23 state-of-the-art production sites in Europe, North America, Asia and Australia; with 6 major plants in Andrézieux, France - Riceboro, GA, USA - Plaquemine, LA, USA - Taixing, China - Ulsan, Korea and Vizag, India. In 2013 SNF's worldwide polymer production capacity is 710 kt/y (active equivalent).
FAQ.
SNF is not an acronym but just three letters that mean nothing.
History.
FLOERGER started manufacturing polyacrylamides in 1968 with 5 people in a refurbished horse stable in Saint-Étienne, France. In 1978 the activity is bought out by the management: René PICH, Technical Manager and Hubert ISSAURAT, Sales Manager and SNF is created.
In the following years a continuous expansion program has been followed with the construction of production lines on the Saint-Étienne site at the rate of one per year. In 1987, SNF purchased the industrial site Chemtall in Riceboro, GA, USA and started actively to pursue the North American market. In 1993, SNF won the contract to build the largest polyacrylamide plant in the world (50 kt) for the Daqing Oil Fields company in Northern China. In 1995 SNF purchased Polypure, the US water treatment division of Rhône-Poulenc. The year 2000 saw the creation of 30 subsidiaries around the world to provide technical support. In 2007 SNF won the design-build and supply PDO contract (Petroleum Development of Oman) for Enhanced Oil Recovery. This was the first polymer flooding project outside China since 1986. 2011, start of the construction of a large manufacturing site dedicated to the EOR industry in Plaquemine, LA, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36616002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616002" title="Marial">
Marial

Marial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616006" title="Superannuation Act">
Superannuation Act

Superannuation Act is a stock short title used in New Zealand and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to superannuation.
List.
United Kingdom.
The Superannuation Acts 1834 to 1892 was the collective title of the follwoing Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36616037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616037" title="Jabbo Andrews">
Jabbo Andrews

Herman "Jabbo" Andrews was an American baseball outfielder in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1930 to 1943 with several teams. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616038" title="Malaybalay Airport">
Malaybalay Airport

Malaybalay Airport, also known as Malaybalay Airstrip, is the defunct-airport that used to serve general aviation in the Malaybalay City area. During the late 1990s, the airport was closed down and the area where the airport used to be located was converted into a low-cost housing project by the provincial government of Bukidnon.

</doc>
<doc id="36616084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616084" title="Cappy Barra Harmonica Band">
Cappy Barra Harmonica Band

The Cappy Barra Harmonica Band was an American harmonica ensemble — originally a trio, then a quartet, then two groups — that played big band arrangements. Cappy Barra flourished from 1935 to 1945.
History.
1938 to 1942
Post World War II
Performing members
Non-performing members
Filmography.
Musical film shorts
The 1942–44 musicians' strike banned musicians from recording with major labels. A year earlier (1941), the motion picture industry began producing short music films, which were not banned. The films were the early version of music videos — known as "soundies. Cappy Barra performed on the following soundies:<br>
The Smoothies (vocal group) and The Cappy Barra Harmonica Boys<br>
Smoothies personnel: Babs (Blanche Redwine?) and the two brothers, Charlie & Little Ryan "(né" Reinhart)
Discography.
Cappy Barra Harmonica Swing Ensemble
Other harmonica ensembles.
United States
The Netherlands
Ireland
Hong Kong
References.
General references
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="36616101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616101" title="Matthew Glaetzer">
Matthew Glaetzer

Matthew Glaetzer (born 24 August 1992) is an Australian track cyclist who competed in the Team sprint event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. From the Adelaide suburb of Paradise, and a Christian, he won the 2012 World Championship in the team sprint with Scott Sunderland and Shane Perkins.

</doc>
<doc id="36616118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616118" title="Europäische Stammtafeln">
Europäische Stammtafeln

Europäische Stammtafeln - German for "European Family Trees" - is a series of twenty nine books which contain sets of genealogical tables of the most influential families of Medieval European history. It is a standard reference work for those researching medieval, imperial, royal and noble families of Europe.
A reference to this work is usually to the third series. A fourth series, identified as "Neue Folge", is being written by Rev. Detlev Schwennicke who is the sole author who started at volume 17 and is currently being published Frankfurt am Main, by Verlag Vittorio Klostermann. Twenty nine volumes are available.
History.
The preceding 16 volumes of the third series of the Europäische Stammtafeln (edited by Detlev Schwennicke) was a derivative work which built on the contributions of:
Between 1978 and 1995 Schwennicke edited another nine volumes up completing the 16 volume third series. A full citation to the third series is:
Symbols.
The stammtafeln (family trees) show genealogical tables that heavily rely on symbols as a "shorthand" of vital events. While this is common in Europe, many outside of Europe can find this confusing at first. Each volume contains a "Legend and Advice for the Use of the Genealogical Tables." The number of genealogical symbols have grown over the series, but consistency has been maintained.
Examples:
Examples: 
Online Index.
The current publisher of the Europäische Stammtafeln, Vittorio Klostermann, has provided an online primary family or surname index in German to current volumes 1 to 29 by first surname letter. This does not include non-primary or secondary surnames or families of spouses and children marriages.
A brief explanation to the online index. "The Roman numeral is the volume number and the Arabic numeral is the table number." 
Examples:
Volume names.
Current volume names of the Europäische Stammtafeln - Neue Folge = European family trees - new volumes or folders.

</doc>
<doc id="36616132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616132" title="Suangporn Jaturaphut">
Suangporn Jaturaphut

Suangporn Jaturaphut (born 1988), is a Thai actress. 
Suangporn grew up with her mother in the slums of Bangkok, Thailand after her father left the family. While growing up, Suangporn's mother made sure she went to school and became educated to get a career and avoid falling into prostitution when she got older. Suangporn learned English and Chinese, swimming, and computer skills in school.
In her teens, she wanted to become an actress to help pay for her mother's medical bills and turned to an aunt who worked in Thai soap operas. Suangporn's aunt refused to help, so at age seventeen she became determined to become an actress independently. She found an agent who eventually helped her find a minor role in Paul Spurrier's film P (film) (2005). The actress who was originally supposed to play the main protagonist Aaw/Dau quit the production the same day Suangporn showed up to rehearse her two scenes. She asked to read for the lead role of Aaw\Dau by doing a scene in which the character weeps. She and won the part that day. Since Suangporn was still seventeen, some of her scenes with sexual content were toned down. She had no acting experience prior to this.
"The character of Dau appears in many scenes in the film, and so the filming hours were long and tough. Equally tough was the learning curve. Suangporn had no established acting tricks or techniques. If her performance was to work, it would have to be based on instinct and real emotion."
After the completion of the film, Suangporn gave all the money she earned to her mother to pay for a medical operation. The filmmakers assisted Suangporn in enrolling into the Assumption University, where she studied for a B.A. in Chinese for Business.
Suangporn's nickname is Fern.
External links.
1. ^ "Suangporn Jaturaphut". http://www.pbar.info/suangporn.html. 2005. Retrieved 2 August 2012.
2. ^ 
3. ^ "Exclusive Interview with P's Paul Spurrier". http://www.eatmybrains.com/showfeature.php?id=24. August 11, 2005. Retrieved 2 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36616185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616185" title="Spring 1990">
Spring 1990

Spring 1990 is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains six complete concerts, on 18 CDs—one concert from each venue of their spring 1990 tour. It was released on August 31, 2012.
"Spring 1990" was produced as a box set, with a limited edition of 9,000 individually numbered copies. The box includes a 60-page hardcover book of essays and photos, along with memorabilia such as reproductions of the tour program, ticket stubs, and backstage passes.
Speaking of the album in a 2012 interview with "Rolling Stone", Bob Weir said, "For my money, this was our hottest era. We couldn't wait to go on tour; we couldn't wait to play because it was really working for us and it was keeping us amused. We had been working together as a unit for a good length of time... We got comfortable enough in those tunes so that we could do a little exploration, harmonically, rhythmically, whatever. We could go places with them. Everybody has to be way in tune with each other to be able to do that."
Concerts.
"Spring 1990" contains the following complete concerts:
The album also includes excerpts from this concert:
Two tracks from the Copps Coliseum concert were previously released on "So Many Roads (1965-1995)", and one track from the same concert was previously released on "Garcia Plays Dylan". Six tracks from the March 26 Knickerbocker Arena concert were previously released on "Dozin' at the Knick". Three tracks from the Nassau Coliseum concert were previously released on "Without a Net".
The combination of the tracks from the March 24 concert at the Knickerbocker Arena with those from the same date released on "Dozin' at the Knick", "Postcards of the Hanging" and "Without a Net" represent that concert in its entirety.
A concert from the day before the Capital Centre date, recorded at the same venue, was previously released as "Terrapin Station (Limited Edition)".
Track listing.
March 16, 1990 – Capital Centre, Landover, Maryland.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3
March 19, 1990 – Hartford Civic Center, Hartford, Connecticut.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3
March 22, 1990 – Copps Coliseum, Hamilton, Ontario.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3
Notes
March 26, 1990 – Knickerbocker Arena, Albany, New York.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3
Notes
March 30, 1990 – Nassau Coliseum, Uniondale, New York.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3
Notes
April 2, 1990 – The Omni, Atlanta, Georgia.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3

</doc>
<doc id="36616191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616191" title="Ameal Brooks">
Ameal Brooks

Ameal Brooks (June 3, 1904 - November, 1971) was an American baseball catcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1929 to 1946 with several teams. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616214" title="Dajto">
Dajto

Dajto is the first niche channel aimed at young, active men in Slovakia. The channel, which launched on 20 August 2012, is owned by Central European Media Enterprises and currently has a reach of approximately 90% of the country's 5.4 million people and broadcasts 24 hours per day.
Dajto showcases top foreign series, shows and movies targeted at young male viewers. This includes CME's own regionally produced programs, highly rated European & American series, infotainment shows, as well as a la mode American or European movies.
The channel is extending its programming including highly rated foreign titles as well as gradually delivered locally produced content relevant to its audience.

</doc>
<doc id="36616224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616224" title="Meridian Entertainment Group">
Meridian Entertainment Group

Meridian Entertainment Group (MEG) is a midwest entertainment company. They deal with the leading artists in all genres. MEG is run by Kevin Meyer, Brad Coombs, Rick Shimel.
History.
Kevin Meyer started the business Windfall Entertainment in 1981 as founder and president, right after graduating from Michigan State University. While maintaining the company, Meyer attended Cooley Law School for two year obtaining a Juris Doctorate. Meyer received certification as a “Certified Festival Executive” from Purdue University and the International Festival and Events Association (IFEA), in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36616233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616233" title="Alhambra International Guitar Competition">
Alhambra International Guitar Competition

The Concurso Internacional de Guitarra Alhambra (English: Alhambra International Guitar Competition) is a biannual competition for classical guitarists which takes place at the Palau de la Música in Valencia, Spain.
Established in 1990 by Manufacturas Alhambra S.L. of Muro de Alcoy, Valencia, a well-known manufacturer of Spanish guitars, in order to mark their 25th anniversary, the event has since become one of the most prestigious awards for young guitarists. Participation is restricted to those of 35 years or younger, and previous first prize winners may not re-enter the competition in later years. There is a substantial monetary prize, with lesser amounts for the other finalists. In recent years the Concurso Alhambra has additionally awarded a Public's Prize as well as special prizes aimed at the promotion of Spanish composition for the guitar. The audience is open to members of the public.

</doc>
<doc id="36616243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616243" title="David G. Johnson">
David G. Johnson

David Johnson (born September 19, 1956) is a lawyer and producer who founded Act 4 Entertainment, a Los Angeles-based filmed entertainment, and new media content company focused on creating socially conscious content to inspire change. He was a founder of Agility Capital, LLC, a venture fund for early stage companies and is Chair Emeritus of the Board of Trustees at the Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA); and serves as a member of the boards of the Public Counsel Law Center, Children Now, Dream Foundation Human Rights Watch (California) and Yale School of Drama.
Personal background.
Johnson grew up in Fort Wayne, Indiana and is a 1978 graduate of Yale College where he studied economics and a 1981 graduate of Harvard Law School. He is married to Suzanne Nora Johnson.
Professional background.
Johnson is founder of Act 4 Entertainment, a Los Angeles-based filmed entertainment and new media content company to inspire and motivate audiences toward social action. Act 4 is in development on approximately 20 feature film, television and new media projects, as well as a live stage musical production.
Johnson most recently produced the live stage musical version of "American Psycho at the Almeida Theatre in London". He executive produced "Angels in Exile", a feature-length documentary about street kids of Durban, South Africa narrated by Charlize Theron and executive produced "The People Speak", a feature-length documentary about America’s struggles with war, class, race and women’s rights with Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, Morgan Freeman, Sean Penn, and Bruce Springsteen, among others. Johnson produced the New York Times "Critics Pick" "The Man Nobody Knew", a feature-length documentary about the career and family life of highly controversial CIA Director William Colby.
Act 4 past, current and future projects include but are not limited to:
Johnson is also a current (as of August 2012) board member and former chairperson of the Public Counsel Law Center, the nation’s largest public interest pro bono law firm.
Johnson founded the Public Counsel Law Center’s Impact Litigation Project, the first in the nation to recognize that the economic divide is also a legal issue and one that can be addressed in the courts. The Impact Litigation Project addresses economic justice through large-scale litigation—helping thousands and changing the law itself. In 2011 Public Counsel won Reed v. the State of California, a groundbreaking lawsuit preventing the disproportionate layoffs of teachers at the most economically challenged schools in Los Angeles, California.
Additionally, in the areas of social justice, Johnson serves on the boards of trustees as the Chair Emeritus for the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles (MOCA); Children Now, a national child policy and advocacy organization; the Dream Foundation, a wish-granting organization for terminally ill adults; and Human Rights Watch (California), one of the world’s leading organizations dedicated to defending human rights.
Johnson is a member of the Los Angeles Economy and Jobs Committee.
In 2000, Johnson founded Agility Capital, LLC, a venture fund for early stage companies, and had previously served as senior executive vice president at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM). Prior to MGM, he was a partner of the international law firm White & Case.
Awards and recognition.
In 2012, Congressional Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) presented Johnson with Public Counsel Law Center’s Founders Award for his commitment to the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="36616244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616244" title="Gibraltar Detached Mole (&quot;C&quot; Head) Lighthouse">
Gibraltar Detached Mole (&quot;C&quot; Head) Lighthouse

The Gibraltar Detached Mole ("C" Head) Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory at the south end of the Iberian Peninsula. The lighthouse is positioned west of the Rock of Gibraltar, on the Detached Mole at the north entrance to Gibraltar Harbour.
History.
Gibraltar Harbour, also referred to as the Port of Gibraltar, is on the west side of Gibraltar, at latitude 36º09'N, and longitude 5º20'W. In addition to the protection provided to the harbour by the Rock of Gibraltar, there is a system of manmade defences. These include a trio of breakwaters: the North Mole (formerly the Commercial Mole) including its Western Arm, the Detached Mole, and the South Mole. The South Mole includes an extension which was added later, and was previously known as the New Mole and New Mole Extension. The harbour has both north and south entrances. The northern entry is bordered by the Western Arm of the North Mole and the Detached Mole. The southern entry is between the Detached Mole and the South Mole.
The Gibraltar Detached Mole ("C" Head) Lighthouse is located at the north end of the Detached Mole of Gibraltar Harbour. It is positioned at the "C" Head of the Detached Mole. The lighthouse and harbour are to the north of the east end of the Strait of Gibraltar, the entrance to the Mediterranean Sea, and west of the Rock.
The Detached Mole ("C" Head) Lighthouse, like the "B" Head Lighthouse, comprises a square tower built of concrete, on piles, with a height of 37 feet. The light characteristic is a quick, flashing green light, and the range is 5 nautical miles. The focal plane of the light is 33 feet (10 metres).
The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office Admiralty number for the lighthouse, originating in Volume D of the "Admiralty List of Lights and Fog Signals", is D 2446. The United States National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) number, from "Publication 113 - List of Lights, Radio Aids, and Fog Signals", is 4232. Its Amateur Radio Lighthouse Society number, from the "ARLHS World List of Lights (WLOL)", is GIB-004.

</doc>
<doc id="36616267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616267" title="1997 Guangzhou Apollo F.C. season">
1997 Guangzhou Apollo F.C. season

The 1997 season is the 44th year in Guangzhou Football Club's existence, their 30th season in the Chinese football league and the 4th season in the professional football league.

</doc>
<doc id="36616287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616287" title="Kranhaus">
Kranhaus

Kranhaus ("crane house", plural "Kranhäuser") refers to each one of the three 17-story buildings in the Rheinauhafen of Cologne. Their shape, an upside-down "L", is reminiscent of the harbor cranes that were used to load cargo off of and on to ships, two of which were left standing as monuments when the harbor was redesigned as a residential and commercial quarter in the early 2000s. Each building is approx. 62 meters in height, 70,20 meters long, and 33,75 meters wide. They were designed by Aachen architect Alfons Linster and Hamburg-based Hadi Teherani of "BRT Architekten". Construction began on October 16, 2006, and the first building was completed in 2008.
The southern and middle buildings provide approx. 16000 sqm (172200 square feet) of office space each, on 15 levels. The northern one harbors 133 luxury apartments totalling approx. 15000 sqm on 18 levels.
Award.
The middle building, "Kranhaus eins", was given the "MIPIM Award 2009" in the category "Business Centre" at the MIPIM in Cannes on March 12, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36616295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616295" title="Prasad Oak">
Prasad Oak

Prasad Oak is an actor, director, writer, singer, anchor, poet and film producer. In 2011 he participated in SaReGaMaPa (Celebrity Round) and won, became Ajinkyatara.
Personal.
Prasad attended Bhave High School Pune. He graduated from BMCC College. He has two children, Sarthak and Mayank.
Career.
Oak started his career as assistant director for the play "Premachi Goshta", with actors Shriram Lagoo and Nilu Phule. He got a break in Shree Adhikari Brother's TV serial Badini. Mrunal Kulkarni was his costar in Badini. His critically acclaimed role was in 'Andharyachya Parambya' which was a television series of famous movie 'Barister'. He has sung in movies including "Doghat Tisra...Ata Sagal Visra" and "Joshi Ki Kamble". He became well established on television with "Avaghchi Sansar", playing gray shed role of Harshvardhan Bhosle. This series had the nation's highest ratings in 2008. He claimed that television has had a big role in success of Marathi films. Oak has worked in more than 80 television serials. In 2008 he participated in reality show "Dhinka Chika" as a judge. In June 2012 his show "Bhanda Suakhyabhare" completed 500 episodes.
His upcoming Drama is "Bechki" written and Directed by Chinmay Mandlekar and Prasad has a leading role in it, starting from Jan 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36616309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616309" title="Conference of Catholic Bishops of Rwanda">
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Rwanda

The episcopate of the country is the Episcopal Conference of Rwanda (French: Episcopal Conférence du Rwanda, CEPR) that was established on June 6, 1980; previously existed the Assemble Bishops of Rwanda.
The conference is a member of the Association of Episcopal Conferences of Central Africa (ACEAC) and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1980-1983: Vincent Nsengiyumva, Archbishop of Kigali
1983-1991: Joseph Ruzindana, Bishop of Byumba
1991-1994: Vincent Nsengiyumva, Archbishop of Kigali
1999-2003: Thaddée Ntihinyurwa, archbishop of Kigali
2003-2010: Alexis Habiyambere, bishop of Nyundo
from 2010: Smaragde Mbonyintege, bishop of Kabgayi

</doc>
<doc id="36616322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616322" title="WhoIsHostingThis.com">
WhoIsHostingThis.com

WhoIsHostingThis.com is a commercial website providing a web hosting search tool and also reviews and thematic comparisons of hosting providers who pay to have their services advertised. It was launched in 2007 by Stan Schroeder and Gordan Orlic and it was acquired in 2008 by London-based "Quality Nonsense Ltd.", with a subsequent redesign and addition of new features.
Overview.
The web hosting search tool uses multiple data sources as a means to ascertain a website's host. Its search mechanism underwent various improvements since 2007, in order to meet issues discovered at some point in time. An initial IP based search was supplemented with DNS information, reportedly increasing the accuracy of the answers from 95% to 99%.
The tool is used to gather information about websites (competition, criminal investigations etc.), to research hosting options by drawing upon similar websites, to fill a DMCA complaint in cases of content theft or to report malicious behavior to the respective hosts of the problematic websites.
A section of WhoIsHostingThis.com contains the reviews submitted by webhost clients, while a comparison section categorizes the hosting providers by price or key features, like disk space, scripting, language or location (316 hosting companies compared, as of August 2012).
History.
WhoIsHostingThis.com was launched in 2007 by Stan Schroeder (currently the European editor at Mashable) and Gordan Orlic. Its initial design, intended simple and effective, comprised only a central search box, offering the 'Find a Host' service. In 2008, it was acquired by "Quality Nonsense Ltd.", a London-based company that runs a network of sites for webmasters. The website was subsequently redesigned in order to include additional features, like reviews, forum, blog, coupons, while keeping the area not cluttered.
Reception.
The website was described as a "Google-style experience" in finding hosting providers. It is recommended by web hosting companies like Plesk or cPanel, or by the UK government--> and the Association of Chief Police Officers in the UK, for tracking down website hosts.

</doc>
<doc id="36616340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616340" title="Gary Biggs">
Gary Biggs

Gary Biggs (born 1977) is a former hurler from Northern Ireland, who played as a left-wing forward for the Derry senior team.
Biggs joined the panel during the 1997 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2006 Nicky Rackard Cup. During that time he won one Nicky Rackard Cup medal and two Ulster medals.
At club level Biggs is a one-time county club championship medalist with Banagher.

</doc>
<doc id="36616351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616351" title="Ellen Maggs">
Ellen Maggs

Ellen Louise Maggs (born 16 February 1983) is an English former international footballer. As well as the England women's national football team, Maggs played FA Women's Premier League football for clubs including Birmingham City, Watford and Arsenal. Often described as diminutive, Maggs operated as a quick, skilful and creative forward.
Club career.
Maggs joined Arsenal Ladies as a nine year old, after being spotted at an after school football course. On seeing Maggs for the first time, Arsenal manager Vic Akers informed her father that she would one day play for England. Having grown up in nearby Islington, Maggs was already an Arsenal supporter. Aged 17, she came on as a substitute in Arsenal's 4–1 FA Women's Premier League Cup final win over Croydon in April 2000.
When Marieanne Spacey left Arsenal for Fulham in 2002, Maggs was elevated into regular first team contention. Two goals against Fulham in the televised FA Women's Community Shield underscored Maggs' potential, but minor injuries disrupted her 2002–03 campaign. After a further season at Arsenal, in which Maggs scored the League–clinching goal, Marcus Bignot signed her for his ambitious Birmingham City team in August 2004.
Maggs joined American W-League club New York Magic in June 2006, along with Birmingham team mate Laura Bassett.
In September 2006 Maggs signed for FA Women's Premier League Southern Division club Watford, managed by her former Arsenal team mate Sian Williams. She was paired in attack with Helen Lander, who later stated: 
In 2008–09 Maggs turned out for Welwyn Garden City and Haringey Borough.
International career.
Maggs represented England at the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Canada. A FIFA.com article said of Maggs: 
She was called into the senior England squad for the first time in November 2002, when Arsenal team mate Kirsty Pealling pulled out of the World Cup qualifying play–off second leg against France.
On 19 May 2003 Maggs made her senior debut, as a 66th minute substitute for Amanda Barr in a 4–0 defeat to Canada during a tour of North America. A second appearance came in October 2003, during a 2–2 draw in Russia.
A 2–0 friendly win over Denmark at Fratton Park in February 2004 was Maggs' first start for England. In September 2004 she featured as a substitute in another friendly, a 1–0 win over the Netherlands in Tuitjenhorn. In January 2005 Maggs was recalled to a 30–player training squad for the annual trip to La Manga. She missed out on selection for UEFA Women's Euro 2005 but was called into the national Under 21 squad for the Nordic Cup in July 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36616357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616357" title="Janina Wissler">
Janina Wissler

Janina Wissler (born 18 November 1983) is a German model, actress and TV-hostess.
Biography.
She was born in Frankfurt am Main. Her modeling career began when her best friend sent pictures of her to the German Playboy in 2005. She was invited to the shooting, and become the Playboy Playmate of September 2005. She was later playmate of the month for Playboy in 2006 and 2008.
She appeared in the Guru Josh Project's song "Infinity 2008" music video. 
She has worked with major German Television companies such as ZDF and RTL. She has presented a weekly show called "Games Report".
She has also appeared in two feature films, "Zielgerade" (2005) and "Heroic Bloodshed" (2008).
Although she works as a model full-time, she also works part-time as a graphic designer.

</doc>
<doc id="36616377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616377" title="Qaidi">
Qaidi

Qaidi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616384" title="Art Murmur">
Art Murmur

Art Murmur is a night of open galleries and performances held the first Friday of each month primarily in the Uptown, Koreatown/Northgate, downtown, and Jack London neighborhoods of Oakland, California, drawing 25,000 people. The event began in 2006 at the intersection of 23rd Street and Telegraph Avenue. As of 2012 it includes 21 galleries and 9 mixed-use venues and is directed by David Abernathy. Swarm Gallery is one of the participating galleries. Starting in September, 2012, 20 blocks are closed off for Art Murmur each first friday.

</doc>
<doc id="36616408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616408" title="Humboldt Cave">
Humboldt Cave

Humboldt Cave is an archeological site in Churchill County, Nevada, USA that is one of the earliest documented human habitations in North America. It was inhabited by people of the eponymous Humboldt Culture and the Lovelock Culture, and its documented habitation extends to 9000 BC.
Description.
Humboldt Cave is a dry cave which was first excavated by archeologists in 1936. The cave's environment preserved artifacts including fiber and skin garments, bags and mats. Other artifacts found in the cave have documented contact with cultures in what are now Arizona and California. The cave was formed by vertical faulting in a cliff face, which was periodically flooded by Lake Lahontan. The flooding deposited tufa over the cave's surfaces, preserving them from erosion. The remains of the lake, now known as Humboldt Sink, are below the cave, away. The cave opening is about high and wide, widening to inside, with a depth of about . In addition to humans, the cave was also inhabited by bats, whose guano was to in depth on the cave's floor before excavation.
Excavation.
Humboldt Cave was excavated in 1936 by Robert F. Heizer of the University of California, Berkeley. "The Archaeology of Humboldt Cave, Churchill County, Nevada" was not published until 1956. Heizer concluded that the remote location relative to the lake and marshes made Humboldt Cave a temporary refuge rather than a permanent residence.
Initial stages of excavation concentrated on improving access by widening the cave's opening. The cave was surveyed and divide into twelve sections wide by the width of the cave for individual excavation. Sections were excavated in increments. Apart from fur, feather, bone , wood and horn that had been damaged by insects and rodents, artifacts were recovered in near-perfect condition. A total of about of deposits were removed from the cave. No significant evidence of distinct occupation levels was apparent. Heizer proposed that Humboldt Cave's occupants corresponded to those of the later or upper levels of Lovelock Cave. The cave had been occupied by pack rats, who filled any available space with gathered material, which included artifacts, particularly in a low hollowed space that the excavators called the "South Alcove." Pack rats jumbled much of the material, as was illustrated when, during excavation, a wool sweater was left in the cave. Rats shredded the sweater and took the pieces into the alcove, where parts of sweater were recovered all the way to the solid cave floor during later excavation.
Artifacts.
The most significant artifacts recovered during the excavation were usually found in one of 31 cache pits dug into the cave floor by the inhabitants. The pits were lined with worn-out baskets, pieces of baskets, or grass. Cache 13 in particular, called by excavators the "shaman's cache," yielded a birdskin robe, pouches, waterfowl bones and skins, hawk feathers and a stuffed canvasback duck head. The robe was believe to have originally been feathered, the feathers having been extensively damaged by insects while buried. Heizer speculated that the cache's contents might have been curative tokens, or could simply have been used to make decoys. A number of shaped sickles fashioned from bighorn sheep horns were also recovered.
Humboldt Cave was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16, 1976. It was included due to its significance as a prehistoric archaeological site and for its importance as a training ground for students of archaeology.

</doc>
<doc id="36616422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616422" title="Guardian Angel Settlement Association">
Guardian Angel Settlement Association

The Guardian Angel Settlement Association is a non-sectarian, non-profit 501c3 in St. Louis, Missouri dedicated to empowering the disadvantaged through an array of programs which include family services, a food pantry, senior citizen support, and developmental childcare. Its mission is "to serve those living in poverty by helping them improve the quality of their lives and become economically independent.".
The agency serves over 7,000 children, families and senior citizens each year through emergency services at its Hosea House location and with licensed, accredited child care at its Child Development Center.
History.
Founded in 1859 by the Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul, as an orphanage for young girls Guardian Angel Settlement Association is one of the longest-enduring charitable organizations in the St. Louis area.
In 1911, Guardian Angel Settlement Association became the first settlement house established by the Catholic Church.
In 1933, Guardian Angel Settlement Association became a member of United Charities, the forerunner of the United Way of Greater Saint Louis. It is now recognized as a charter member of the United Way and is one of its oldest member agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="36616426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616426" title="SMU Mustangs football under J. Burton Rix">
SMU Mustangs football under J. Burton Rix

J. Burton Rix was the coach of the Southern Methodist University's football team from 1917 to 1921. He compiled a 16–19–7 record, and was succeeded by Ray Morrison. In 1921 he served as co-head coach with Bill Cunningham and Victor Kelly

</doc>
<doc id="36616435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616435" title="Bathynotus">
Bathynotus

Bathynotus is a genus of trilobites of the family Bathynotidae. Its fossils have been found in the paleocontinents Laurentia (specifically in what are now Nevada and Vermont), Gondwana (in South China and South-Australia), and - doubtfully - Siberia. It is characterized by a very wide axis in the thorax and an enlarged 11th segment that bears a long, backwardly directed spine on each side. Additionally, the 12th and 13th segments are narrow and fuse with the edge of the spine of the 11th segment.
Etymology.
"Bathynotus" is derived from the Greek words βαθυς -bathus- meaning "ample"; and νοτος -notos- meaning "back", for the very wide axis of the thorax. The species names are derived as follows. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616463" title="Gani Zhailauov">
Gani Zhailauov

Gani Zhailauov (born 3 August 1985) is an amateur boxer from Kazakhstan who fought at lightweight at the 2012 Olympics.
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he won Bronze, after losing the semifinal to Cuban Yasniel Toledo. He hereby qualified for the Olympics.
At London he had major problems in a 12:12 countback win over Saylom Ardee who complained bitterly, then defeated Jai Bhagwan 16:8.

</doc>
<doc id="36616466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616466" title="2010 IAF Sikorsky CH-53 crash">
2010 IAF Sikorsky CH-53 crash

The 2010 Israeli Air Force Sikorsky CH-53 crash refers to an aviation accident which occurred on 26 July 2010, when an Israeli Air Force Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion "Yas'ur" helicopter crashed during a training flight in the Carpathian mountains, near the city of Brasov in Romania. The accident took place during a joint Romanian-Israeli aviation military exercise code-named "Blue Sky 2010".
All on board the aircraft died: four Israeli pilots, two Israeli mechanics, and one Romanian liaison officer. The Romanian authorities sent police and security forces into the mountain the morning after the accident. In addition, Israel sent a large team to assist in the rescue operation. After an extensive search in the crash site, on 27 July 2010, the bodies were eventually found.
An investigation into the incident concluded that the crash was most likely due to human error.
Background.
In September 2003, an agreement was signed between the Romanian and Israeli Air Forces on cooperation and training, with the first training session being held in August 2004. This cooperation was important to the IAF, as Romania's geography includes high-altitude terrain and climate conditions that are different than those in Israel, and allows the IAF to practice special techniques and train in a different terrain. Another military exercise and cooperation agreement between Israel and Romania was signed in 2006, and was extended in 2009.
On 18 July 2010, a joint exercise of the Israeli Air Force and Romanian Air Force began, in which Yasur helicopters from the 118 Squadron took part. This squadron, based at the Tel Nof air base, has participated in all of Israel's recent major operations and wars, mainly for transporting special forces into enemy territory. The exercise was known as Blue Sky 2010, which was supposed to last for 11 days, and in which the Romanian and Israeli troops practiced flying at low altitudes in difficult terrain for search-and-rescue missions and medical evacuations.
The Yasour transport helicopter, (Sikorsky CH-53), is considered by Israel to be the most reliable aircraft of its kind in the IDF, and has been used for over 40 years. The aircraft was bought from the United States and integrated into the Israeli Air Force service in 1969. The aircraft is used by the IAF’s 669 Search and Rescue team, and is also the IAF's main aircraft for transporting soldiers, as it can carry 35 soldiers with all of their equipment. In 2007, under a program called "Yasour 2025," intended to extend the Yasour's life until 2025, the IAF installed over 20 new electronic systems, including, for the first time on helicopters, one for missile defense,
Accident.
On 26 July 2010 at 1:15 P.M., two Yasur helicopters took off from the Romanian Air Force Base in Boboc and headed north toward the Carpathian mountains. The fog which prevailed at the flight altitude made it difficult to navigate.
The two helicopters were flying in formation at a low altitude as part of the exercise. While over the Carpathian Mountains in Romania, one of the helicopters radioed that it had lost visual and radio contact with its counterpart. The Israeli Air Force confirmed that it lost contact with one of the helicopters. The helicopter had crashed at approximately 4:00 p.m. at an altitude of 2,246 m (7,369 ft).
Israeli and Romanian response.
Initial reports over the loss of contact with the CH-53 helicopter were received in the Israeli Air Force headquarters at around 17:00 P.M. (Israeli time), and as a result, a gag order was issued in Israel over releasing information concerning the incident. The purpose of this gag order was so the IDF could personally contact and inform the families of the deceased, rather than having them hear about it through the media. Although initially the Israeli media did not report about accident, the Internet was quickly flooded with information about the accident.
The Israeli media noted that despite the seniority of the IAF Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion "Yas'ur" helicopters, the helicopters were recently upgraded, both in terms of systems and in terms of technical care, as part of the "Yas'ur 2025" program aimed at having the Sikorsky CH-53 helicopters remain in service up till 2025.
Search and rescue.
A search-and-rescue unit was sent by Israel to Romania to assist in the rescue, and included approximately 80 personnel from the IDF Medical Corps, the IAF, the Oketz K-9 Unit, the 669 Airborne Rescue and Evacuation Unit, the Chief Military Rabbinate, search and rescue teams, the IDF Spokesperson’s Unit, and an investigatory team to the crash site.
Rescuers could not land near the crash site due to the rugged terrain, and had to either walk to the crash site on a difficult path or be lowered to the site by rope. In addition, the bad weather also made it tougher for search-and-rescue teams to identify and reach the crash site.
The Romanian authorities declared the area around the crash site a closed military zone and sent police and security forces into the mountain the morning after the accident.
On 27 July 2010, the Romanian Defense Ministry officially announced that 7 bodies were found, and that there were no survivors in the accident.
Around midnight on 27 July 2010, the Romanian Army discovered the helicopter's black box. The Romanian troops sent a photo of the black box to the IDF, which confirmed that it was the actual black box of the helicopter. Israeli Air Force officials confirmed that Israel would investigate the black box.
On 30 July, the IDF Chief Rabbi Brigadier-General Raphael Peretz confirmed that all the bodies were identified and that an IAF plane would take off to Israel with the six bodies during the morning hours of July 30.
Aftermath.
Seven months after the accident, Israel decided that the widow of the Romanian captain who was killed in an accident would be given the status of a "widow of the Israeli army", and as such she would be granted a monthly pension from the Israeli Defense Ministry. In addition, it was decided that a special fund would be opened for her baby which would include an initial fund of 20,000 dollars.
Funeral.
Hundreds of Israelis attended the funeral services of the Israeli soldiers who were killed during the crash. The bodies were returned to Israel on an IAF plane which arrived at the Tel Nof airbase. At the funeral services, friends, families, and fellow soldiers eulogized the 6 soldiers who were killed in the crash.
Impact.
All flight exercises were halted by IAF commander Maj. Gen. Ido Nechushtan for a day, in order to conduct safety inspections.
The Romanian and Israeli military aviation commanders decided to collaborate in raising a memorial at the site of the crash.
In 2011, the IAF announced that the Sikorsky CH-53 transport helicopters would return to Romania for training the following summer. In August 2011, the Israeli Air Force sent a Hercules squadron for joint-exercises in Romania, which marked the first time since the Sikorsky CH-53 crash that the IAF sent a squadron for training in Romania. However, Sikorsky squadrons did not take part in the joint-exercises. The joint-training lasted for two weeks.
Cooperation between Israel and Romania increased following the crash, and Romanian Air Force Deputy Commander General Alexander Glushka said that "In the past year, the friendship between us has become a brotherhood. This cooperation is extremely important to us."
In February 2012, the Israel Air Force finished upgrading and rebuilding old Sikorsky 985 helicopters, and turned them into new Sikorsky 2025s. Much time was spent on the project after the Sikorsky CH-53 crash occurred. Israeli Warrant Officer Ziv, Officer of the Cargo Department in the Equipment Squadron, explained that this upgrade was made apparent following the Sikorsky CH-53 crash in Romania, and that "after many examinations it was concluded that the Sikorsky 985 is the most efficient aircraft for our unique project."
Investigation.
Immediately after learning of the accident the Air Force Commander Maj. Gen. Ido Nehoshtan appointed an investigative team to look into the causes of the crash, headed by Brigadier-General Shlomo Mashiach.
A short time after, Israeli Air Force officials requested that the Romanian Air Force would bring the remains of the helicopter back to Israel in order that the IDF would carry out a full investigation of the event.
The investigation determined that the accident was most likely due to human error.
Memorials.
On 12 August 2010, a memorial ceremony was held in the central synagogue of Bucharest in Romania, and was attended by representatives of the Romanian Jewish community, Romanian public figures, Israeli President Shimon Peres, and IAF Commander Maj. Gen. Ido Nechushtan. Hermina Darganah, the widow of Romanian Air Force Captain Stephen Claudius Darganah who was killed in the crash, also attended the memorial service, where Peres addressed her personally, saying, "We share the same feelings. You are just as dear to us as any Israeli friend who lost her loved one." Peres’ official visit was the first to Romania by an Israeli president.
Nechushtan said:
Israel’s airway routes are limited, and we are happy that other nations are opening their skies to us. Romania opened her skies to us, we are happy to train here. Over the years our partnership with Romania has developed into a friendship. I want to thank he Romanian air force and army for their assistance after the tragedy that occurred, and to assure them that our cooperation and partnership will continue.
In September 2011, IAF chief Major General Ido Nehushtan led a service with his Romanian counterpart in memory of those killed during the crash. In addition, Israeli Air Force officers, representatives from the Israeli Defense Ministry, and IDF rabbinate officials attended the memorial, which took place in Romania.
In November 2011, the Tel Nof base of the Israeli Air Force received an ancient 200-year-old Torah, one which had survived the Holocaust, as a donation from Romania's Jewish community in commemoration of the victims of the Sikorsky CH-53 crash. A special ceremony marked the occasion for the receiving of the scroll, which was found in Romania in the cellars of the previous Romanian leader Nicolae Ceaușescu.

</doc>
<doc id="36616476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616476" title="Volney Richmond">
Volney Richmond

Volney Richmond (June 23, 1802 Hoosick, Rensselaer County, New York - February 27, 1864) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Edward Richmond (c. 1856–1827) and Olive (Briggs) Richmond. He became a wagon and carriage maker, and set up shop in Hoosick. Later he ran a hotel there until 1840 when he was elected Sheriff and removed to the county seat Troy. In 1828, he married Lucy Townsend (d. 1836). In 1838, he married Mary Barnett (b. 1815), and they had three children.
He was Sheriff of Rensselaer County from 1841 to 1843, and Under-Sheriff from 1844 to 1846. In 1848, he established a stove foundry in Troy. In 1856, he returned to Hoosick and engaged in agricultural pursuits.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Rensselaer Co., 2nd D.) in 1857; and a member of the New York State Senate (12th D.) in 1860 and 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="36616490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616490" title="Benjamin Hsiao">
Benjamin Hsiao

Benjamin S. Hsiao, PhD, (born August 12, 1958) is an American materials scientist and educator. He served as the Vice-President for Research and Chief Research Officer at Stony Brook University from May 2012 to December 2013.
Education and Career.
Born in Taipei, Taiwan, Hsiao attended the exclusive all-boys Taipei Municipal Jianguo High School (JGHS). He graduated from JGHS to enroll in the National Taiwan University and pursue a B.Sc. in Chemical Engineering.
After graduating in 1980, Hsiao entered the graduate program in Polymer Science at the Institute of Materials Science in the University of Connecticut in 1982.
In 1985, he was inducted into Sigma Xi, the scientific research honor society and Phi Kappa Phi, the oldest all-discipline honor society. He completed his Ph.D. in 1987 under the guidance of Edward T. Samulski and Montgomery T. Shaw.
He went on to work at the University of Massachusetts between 1987 and 1989 as a postdoctoral research Fellow in the Department of Polymer Science and Engineering under the tutelage of Richard S. Stein and H. Henning Winter. Immediately afterwards, he was sought by the DuPont Company to work in the Pioneering Laboratory. He stayed with DuPont for 8 years in Wilmington, Delaware until 1997 as a Senior Staff Scientist in the Central Research and Development Department, after which he embarked upon an academic career at Stony Brook University.
Joining Stony Brook University as an Assistant Professor in 1997, Hsiao was promoted to Full Professor in 2002 and appointed to the Chair of the Chemistry Department in 2007. It was under his leadership, that the Chemistry Department at Stony Brook was identified as one of the top departments in the nation, and designated a National Historic Landmark for the invention of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) by the American Chemical Society.
Hsiao was the Vice President for Research at Stony Brook University between 2012-13 for 1.5 years. In this position, he was responsible for the campus-wide advancement of Stony Brook's research mission through strategic planning and oversaw the Research Foundation, supervised all University research administration activities and functions, and was the primary advocate for the University's research enterprise on a state, national and international level. His major contributions to the Stony Brook Research Office (SBRO) were in two areas: (1) greater efficiency and transparency of the research administration activities on campus, and (2) new research initiatives to advance Stony Brook's research mission on a state, national and international level.
Since 2008, he has also served as the Chang-Jiang Professor at Donghua University in Shanghai, and a guest professor at the Beijing University of Chemical Technology, Tongji University and the Changchun Institute of Applied Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Research.
Dr. Hsiao’s laboratory at Stony Brook University aims to understand the structural, morphological development and manipulation of complex polymer systems during preparation and processing in real time at both molecular and nanoscopic scales.
His research in polymer science and engineering has led to novel water purification techniques, Together with his colleague Benjamin Chu, Hsiao has used combined electrospinning and cellulose nanofibrous membranes technologies to produce an hierarchical non-woven pattern of different size fibers (from micrometers to nanometers) to filter water. Along with its mechanical integrity and its interconnected pores and thus high pore density, these filters have high volumetric flow rates without compromised resistance to fouling. Since such filters can have several times better water flux, they are energy efficient and have a broad range of applications ranging from desalination to energy generation.
Such nanofibrous formats are also useful for tissue engineering and drug delivery. As biodegradation rates and drug release rates in medical treatments are functions of fiber, porosity, morphology and chemical compositions, Hsiao and Chu have developed many useful new solutions for biomedical applications, such as nanofibrous scaffolds for tissue engineering and heart tissue constructs, and methods to prevent post-surgery induced abdominal adhesions.
As a material scientist, Hsiao has focused on understanding the fundamental processes involved in the crystallization of polymers. In order to investigate polymer structures, morphology and dynamics from atomic (1-20 Å) to microscopic scales (20 - 1000 Å) in real time, Hsiao’s laboratory has come up with simultaneous small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) and wide-angle X-ray diffraction (WAXD) techniques. By nature, SAXS probes relatively large-scale structures, in contrast to WAXD that deals mainly with the atomic structure of crystals. SAXS includes not only the diffraction of large lattice spacing, of the order of tens, hundreds or even thousands of interatomic distances, but also the scattering by perturbed or non-periodic structures of amorphous and semi-crystalline materials. Dedicated to polymer research, the Advanced Polymers Participating Research Team (AP-PRT) was formed in 1997 by Hsiao and his colleague Ben Chu to develop a synchrotron X-ray scattering beamline (X27C) at the National Synchrotron Light Source, Brookhaven National Laboratory.
Having published more than 403 peer-reviewed scientific papers, 41 reviews and chapters in books and encyclopedias, 226 conference proceedings, more than 32 issued patents (including 18 US patents) and 18 pending applications, and edited 2 books, Hsiao holds an h-index of 74 with an ISI Web of Knowledge total citation number exceeding 17,000. He has given more than 244 invited lectures in universities, governmental and industrial research institutes and more than 474 presentations in national and international scientific meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="36616493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616493" title="Diffuse optical imaging">
Diffuse optical imaging

Diffuse optical imaging (DOI) is a method of imaging using Near Infrared Spectroscopic (NIRS) or Fluorescence based methods. 
When used to create 3D volumetric models of the imaged material DOI is referred to as diffuse optical tomography, whereas 2D imaging methods are classified as diffuse optical topography.
The technique has many applications to neuroscience, sports medicine, wound monitoring, and cancer detection. Typically DOI techniques monitor changes in concentrations of oxygenated and deoxygenated hemoglobin and may additionally measure redox states of cytochromes. The technique may also be referred to as diffuse optical tomography (DOT), near infrared optical tomography (NIROT) or fluorescence diffuse optical tomography (FDOT), depending on the usage.
In neuroscience, functional measurements made using NIR wavelengths, DOI techniques may classify as functional near infrared spectroscopy fNIRS.

</doc>
<doc id="36616494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616494" title="Maurycy Trębacz">
Maurycy Trębacz

Maurycy Trębacz (May 3, 1861 – January 29, 1941) was one of the most popular Jewish painters in Poland in the late 19th and early 20th century. Many of his paintings were lost in the Holocaust, but a representative selection of his artwork survived. Trębacz died of starvation in the Litzmannstadt Ghetto during the Nazi German occupation of Poland.
Maurycy Trębacz, along with Samuel Hirszenberg, Jakub Weinles, and Leopold Pilichowski, belonged to the first generation of Jewish artists in Poland who broke away from the religious prohibition on portraying a human figure "(see below)". The studies show his mastery of painting, his own unique style and great imagination. Trębacz was noted within the European art-world as a master portrait and landscape painter, but above all he was also a rare chronicler of the contemporary Jewish life, depicting a world that is now lost. His popular subjects included praying Rabbis, old men, street and Jewish domestic scenes, and genre painting depicting the everyday side of life. His psychological portraits of Jews earned him the greatest popularity and critical acclaim, and influenced the work of other Jewish painters in Poland. Notably, Trębacz's oil painting "The Good Samaritan", reportedly stolen in 1904 at the World's Fair, was recently sold at auction at Sotheby's.
Life.
Born in 1861 in Warsaw, the son of David Trębacz, a house painter, Maurycy (Mojżesz) at the age of 16 years-old was admitted to the school of drawing by professor Wojciech Gerson and Aleksander Kamiński. Three years later, with the support of Leopold Horowitz, he received a scholarship sponsored by lawyer Stanisław Rotwand, and moved to Kraków where he enrolled in the Academy of Fine Arts in the studios of Jan Matejko, Leopold Loeffler and Władysław Łuszczkiewicz.
From 1882, he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich with Sandor Wagner (until 1884) and received the grand silver medal there at the completion of his studies for the work "Martyrdom". Between 1889 and 1890 he studied in Paris at the Académie Colarossi. He lived and worked in Munich for 4 years before returning to Warsaw. Over time, Trębacz worked in Lviv and Drohobych, and eventually moved permanently to Łódź, where he founded and ran a private art school until September 1939. He is often criticized for giving in to popular demand later on in his career. Pressured by financial sponsors, he began to produce sentimental theme portraits pertaining to the bucolic life of country folk.
Trębacz made his successful artistic debut twice, first at the Munich "Kunstverein" and then at the Krywult Salon in Warsaw as a 23-year-old painter. His another big success was the participation of painting "Good Samaritan" (1886) in a "Kunstverein" exhibition in Munich as well as at the I National Art Exhibition in Kraków and in Warsaw at the "Zachęta" Society for the Promotion of Fine Arts. The painting was also awarded a gold medal at the Universal World Exposition in Chicago. Subsequently, Trębacz also received a bronze medal at the Paris Universal World Exposition of 1889. He died of hunger in the Łódź Ghetto during the Holocaust, and is buried at the Bracka Street Cemetery there (grave #490). His wife Pola (Perla) also died in the ghetto in 1941, at the age of 54. They had three children, Edward, Zofia and Bronisław.
Soon after the war ended, some 70 paintings of Maurycy Trębacz (along with works of Izrael Lejzorowicz, Amos Szwarc, Mendel Grosman and others, according to Cieślińska-Lobkowicz) were located in Poland by Nachman Zonabend on behalf of the Jewish Cultural Reconstruction (JCR) and the Jewish Restitution Successor Organization (JRSO) from the United States. Most, were taken out of the country by Zonabend in 1947 against the official policy on protecting the national heritage, and then split between the YIVO Institute of New York and Yad Vashem. The illegal removal of the collection was criticized by Jewish press not only in the communist Poland, but also in Canada and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36616505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616505" title="Sancho of Castile">
Sancho of Castile

Sancho of Castile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616509" title="List of state leaders in 364 BC">
List of state leaders in 364 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616535" title="List of state leaders in 363 BC">
List of state leaders in 363 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616537" title="Daniel Thomas (Welsh footballer)">
Daniel Thomas (Welsh footballer)

Daniel Thomas is a footballer currently playing for Port Talbot Town FC in the Welsh Premier League. Previously he played for Briton Ferry Athletic and Goytre United before moving to his present club in May 2009.
Thomas first came to note in September 2002, scoring a hat-trick for Welsh League club Briton Ferry in a 10–0 victory over Caerau FC in the Cynffig Cup. That season he scored against Cardiff Civil Service in a 2–0 home victory for his club.
In August 2012 he was arrested following a homophobic message sent to diver, Tom Daley's Twitter account. It was later announced he would not be prosecuted, but instead would be fined and suspended from football for one game.

</doc>
<doc id="36616564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616564" title="Alfred Leyman">
Alfred Leyman

Alfred Leyman was a Devon born watercolour artist whose works covered many aspects of late 19th century/ early 20th century Devonion rural life.
Alfred Leyman was born September 27th 1856 in Exeter, the only son of John Francis, an artist and later a photographer, and Mary Ann Leyman. He spent much of his early life in Exeter which is where he later met, and married his wife Kate Gauntlett in 1887.
Mr Leyman moved to Honiton in about 1888 and went on to become a teacher of art at Allhallows School, Honiton in 1893, a position he held until his death. 
Leyman did not nationally exhibit his work but did show his paintings locally, at the Annual Devon and Exeter Exhibition held at Elands Art Gallery in 1906 he displayed 16 of his pictures. He concentrated on land and seascapes but was known to have drafted portraits as well as many other scenes from Devonian life as well as a few rare examples of scenery from Dorset and Somerset.
He and his wife Kate had one child called Mary who was born in Honiton in 1887.
Leyman died in Honiton in 1933 aged 76. His daughter Mary never married and continued to live at the family home until her death in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="36616584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616584" title="Hydraucone">
Hydraucone

A hydraucone is a form of draft tube used with a hydro turbine. It has a bell-mouth shape and its salient feature is a flat plate deflector near the mouth. The term "hydraucone" was introduced by William M. White, who obtained a U.S. patent for it in 1917.
Background.
White observed that the simplest method of changing the direction of a jet of water was to direct it at a flat plate. The shape of the water jet as it hits the plate was the inspiration for the hydraucone profile. 
The main purpose of a draft tube is to recover the residual kinetic energy of the water that exits over the turbine. It does this by distributing the water that exits from the turbine uniformly over the larger area of the draft tube exit. This reduces the water velocity and water pressure at the turbine exit. The kinetic energy of the water, which is proportional to the square of the water velocity, is thus transformed into effectively a higher head across the turbine. 
The hydraucone draft tube is very efficient at recovering energy from the rotational motion of the water (swirl) as well as the linear motion (flow) of the water. It has fallen into disuse due to the difficulty of supporting a very wide opening under a large turbine. It only requires a shallow excavation, however, which is an advantage in rocky terrain. Its compact shape makes it suitable for small hydro projects where the excavation is much less than that required for the more conventional elbow shaped draft tube. 
An elbow-shaped draft tube is less efficient than a bell-mouth tube due to the fluid losses in the turn of the elbow. The difference in efficiency is more pronounced when there is swirl present as the gyroscopic effect of the rotation hinders the deflection at the elbow.
Historical note.
In the 1920s William M. White and Lewis Ferry Moody both patented bell-mouth draft tubes. The salient feature of Moody's Spreading Draft Tube is the center cone, which distinguishes it from White's Hydraucone Draft Tube. The term Hydraucone is sometimes erroneously used as a general term for all bell mouth tubes. The pair debated over which device was more efficient, particularly in the presence of swirl as water leaves the turbine. This debate was superseded by the widespread introduction of the elbow-shaped draft tube which is less efficient but easier to construct, particularly on a large scale.
Dimensions and geometry.
Shapes for a bell-mouth draft tube include: 
Theoretical and experimental validation.
Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) could resolve the question of which design is better. A rigorous CFD comparison of the two forms of bell-mouth draft tube would be a useful addition to knowledge of fluid dynamics.

</doc>
<doc id="36616586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616586" title="Episcopal Conference of the Côte d'Ivoire">
Episcopal Conference of the Côte d'Ivoire

The local assembly of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of the Côte d'Ivoire (French: Episcopal Conférence de Côte d'Ivoire, CECI). Founded in 1970, the Episcopal Conference has been officially recognized on February 16, 2007 by the Ivorian state. It includes all the Catholic bishops of the country, ordinary, and auxiliary emeritus. It has its headquarters in Abidjan.
The Episcopal Conference is composed of five organizations: the Plenary Assembly, the Permanent Council, the Presidency Council, the Council for Economic Affairs, the Secretary General. The Plenary Assembly is the supreme authority of the Conference of Bishops of the Ivory Coast, it brings together all the bishops twice a year. The Permanent Council is composed of the President and Vice President of CECI, the cardinals Ivorians, and the Ordinary of the place where the head office of the Conference. The Presidential Council is composed of Chairman, Vice Chairman and Secretary General of the CECI: it aims to prepare the meetings of the Permanent Council and the summary to be published.
The CECI is a member of the Association of Episcopal Conferences of Central Africa (ACEAC) and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
Presidents.
1970-1993 - Bernard Yago, Cardinal, Archbishop of Abidjan
1993-1999: Auguste Nobou, Archbishop of Korhogo
1999-2005: Vital Komenan Yao, Archbishop of Bouaké
2005-2008: Laurent Akran Mandjo, bishop of Yopougon
2008-2011: Joseph Ake Yapo, Archbishop of Gagnoa
from 2011: Alexis Touably Youlo, bishop of Agboville

</doc>
<doc id="36616588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616588" title="Lars Uhre">
Lars Uhre

Lars Uhre (born 18 April 1972) is the coach of the Danish national badminton team.
Career.
Graduated from the University of Copenhagen in 2002, Uhre has a bachelor's degree in sports science and English. From 2001 to 2006, he acted as the olympic coach of the Finnish badminton team. From 2006 to 2010, he was the assistant national coach of the Danish national team. In August 2010, he was promoted to coach of the Danish national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36616593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616593" title="List of state leaders in 362 BC">
List of state leaders in 362 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616594" title="Abardeh-ye Olya">
Abardeh-ye Olya

Abardeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Abardeh-ye ‘Olyā and Abardeh ‘Olyā; also known as Abar Deh-e Bālā, Abardeh, and Abardeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,152, in 630 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616609" title="Abardeh-ye Sofla">
Abardeh-ye Sofla

Abardeh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Abardeh-e Soflá; also known as Abar Deh-e Pā’īn and Abardeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 262, in 85 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616617" title="Konevo, Russia">
Konevo, Russia

Konevo () or Konyovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36616625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616625" title="Abardeh">
Abardeh

Abardeh or Abar Deh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616634" title="Archang">
Archang

Archang () is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,830, in 523 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616639" title="Chah Khaseh">
Chah Khaseh

Chah Khaseh (, also Romanized as Chāh Khāşeh) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 824, in 206 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616646" title="Farahabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Farahabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Farahabad (, also Romanized as Faraḩābād) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 233, in 55 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616652" title="Gorakhk">
Gorakhk

Gorakhk (, also Romanized as Gorākhk; also known as Gorāgh) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 702, in 195 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616657" title="List of state leaders in 361 BC">
List of state leaders in 361 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616660" title="Kaksparsh">
Kaksparsh

Kaksparsh (, 'Crow's Touch') is a 2012 Indian Marathi film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Aniruddha Deshpande and Medha Manjrekar. The film stars Sachin Khedekar, Priya Bapat, Medha Manjrekar, Savita Malpekar and Ketaki Mategaonkar. Based on a short story by Usha Datar by the same name, the film depicts the tumultuous events in a Chitpavan Brahmin family, set around 1930–1950 in Konkan. The film was a commercial success and got critical acclaim for its direction, screenplay by Girish Joshi and also for the performances by its actors, especially Sachin Khedekar for his portrayal of Hari Damle as a head of the family.
In 1989, the short story was adapted into a Marathi play "Janmagaath" with actor-director Vinay Apte playing the lead. Apte had desires to make a film based on it. However, his attempts were not successful. Sachin Khedekar, who went to play the lead in the cinematic adaptation of the story, had seen the play and came across the story again in 2007. Khedekar requested Girish Joshi to complete the adapted screenplay and together approached Manjrekar in 2009 to make a film on the story. "Kaksparsh" shooting was completed in 26 days – from 5 to 30 December 2011 and was released on 4 May 2012, on the occasion of centenary of Indian Cinema.
The film won several awards on release including Best Film award at Maharashtra State Film Awards, MICTA, and 11th Pune International Film Festival. With the success of "Kaksparsh", a Hindi and Tamil remake of "Kaksparsh" is also being directed by Mahesh Manjrekar with Arvind Swamy in the lead.
Plot.
Hari Damle (Sachin Khedekar), head of a Chitpavan Bramhin family, lives in Torgaon, one of the villages in Konkan with his wife Tara (Medha Manjrekar) and their three children. When Hari opposes some of the century-old rituals, it upsets other Bramhins in the village, especially Upadhyay (Vaibhav Mangle). Hari wishes to get his younger brother Mahadev (Abhijit Kelkar) married, who is pursuing LL.B in Mumbai. Damle family fixes the marriage with a pre-pubescent girl, Durga (Ketaki Mategaonkar), renamed as Uma after marriage, but tragedy strikes when Mahadev dies on the night when their marriage was to be consummated. Hari performs death rituals (Śrāddha) for Mahadev but crows (symbolic of the spirit of deceased in Hinduism) refuse to touch the offerings. Hari, then, mumbles something while offering food which leads to the desired.
Brahmin community in the village now expects widowed Uma to have her head shaved but then Hari opposes and does not allow any practised rituals to be performed for her as a widow, which were performed for his widowed aunt, Namu Aatya (Savita Malpekar). Hari stands behind Uma in all her difficulties which raise doubts about his intentions, including that by his wife, Tara. Years later, when Tara is diagnosed of a terminal disease, the now grown-up Uma (now played by Priya Bapat) takes charge of the household. Before Tara dies, she realises her mistakes and requests Hari to marry Uma which he readily refuses. Bramhin community in the village continue to force Hari to perform rituals for Uma and also attack Damle family, who are saved by Hari's freedom-fighter friend, Balwant (Sanjay Khapre) in one such instance.
In the meantime, Hari gets his son Sankarshan (Saksham Kulkarni) married. Once Hari finds Uma sitting outside the room of newly married couple, listening to their playful banter. Disgusted by Uma's behaviour, Hari stops talking to her. Upset by this behaviour, she tries to talk her heart out to Hari's friend Balwant and requests him to find out the reason. Coincidentally, Hari overhears this and severs his relations with Balwant. Unaware of the reason for Hari's changed behaviour, Uma starts staying aloof, while her mental & physical state starts degrading. Worried Sankarshan requests his sister Shanti (Manava Naik) to talk to Uma. Frustrated and unknowing of what loss she had throughout her life, Uma opens her heart but situation raises more questions.
Uma decides to go on a fast and relents to none of the family member's request to quit. Hari, left with no other option, explains his behaviour. Hari reveals to Uma that when he was performing death rituals for Mahadev and offerings were not accepted for a long time, he promised Mahadev that he would not let any other man touch Uma. Thus, he did not allow practised rituals of shaving her head to be performed and also declined Tara's request of their marriage. When he learned that Uma has started loving him, he stopped talking to her, in spite of his love towards her.
He eventually accepts that he loves Uma and would marry her, breaking his vow. Knowing the truth, Uma forgives Hari and agrees to the proposal. Hari fetches Mangala sutra but finds out that Uma is dead. He realises that Uma has sacrificed her life for his love where she did not want Hari to break his vow.
Production.
Development.
Based on a short story "Kaksparsh" written by Usha Datar, a Marathi play "Janmagaath" premiered on 16 December 1989. Actor-director Vinay Apte had done the role of Hari Damle in the play and Sukanya Kulkarni as Uma. Apte had tried making a film based on the story but was not successful. Sachin Khedekar had seen the play and came across the story again in 2007. He showed the story to Girish Joshi (screenplay writer of the film) who then developed a complete adapted screenplay from the story which had a length of 4–5 pages. Later, Khedekar and Joshi approached Mahesh Manjrekar in 2009 to make a film on the story. However, Majrekar was busy with his other projects and could not plan the film. Manjrekar said that when he heard the story for the first time, he considered it to be better than other Indian love stories like Bajirao-Mastani or Salim-Anarkali. Manjrekar had to wait as he did not have the copyrights for the story. He said that it "took more than three years to make this film".
Casting.
After Manjrekar finished his projects, he decided to start "Kaksparsh" and signed Khedekar to portray the lead role of Hari Damle. The director said that there was no compulsion for him to cast Khedekar. He did it "because he was the best to pull it off." Earlier Manjrekar had signed another actress to play the role of Tara Damle, however the actress declined to join the schedule at the last moment, thus Manjrekar was forced to look out for the alternative. His wife, Medha Manjrekar, had done a small role in his debut film "Aai" (1995) and also made a comeback in another film "De Dhakka" (2008) written by him. As Medha was working as a producer for "Kaksparsh", Mahesh Manjrekar approached her to play the role.
Manjrekar had worked with Priya Bapat in "Me Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy" (2009) and had mentioned about "Kaksparsh" to her. He desired Bapat to play the lead role of Uma, however the film couldn't start as planned. When Manjrekar planned for the film, he called Bapat again who got married to Umesh Kamat in the meantime. Manjrekar had seen 2011 National Award winning film Shala and was impressed with a teen-aged character played by Ketaki Mategaonkar and decided to cast her as a young Uma. Savita Malpekar was cast to play the role of Khedekar's widowed aunt. Malpekar had to shave her head to prepare for the role. Manjrekar insisted that the film cast including Savita Malpekar should shave the head for their roles and avoid wearing a prosthetic bald patch.
Filming.
"Kaksparsh" was shot in the real locations than sets and was mainly shot in Paalshet, a village near Guhagar in Konkan. As the film's story-line was set around 1930–1950, Manjrekar was concerned about the authentic production design for the film. He appointed two production designers, Prashant Rane and Abhishek Vijaykar, who had challenges of depicting pre and post Indian independence era. Rane had worked with Manjrekar earlier for "De Dhakka" (2008). "Kaksparsh" shooting was completed in 26 days; starting from 5 December 2011 till 30 December 2011. The initial shooting scheduled started at Ranade Wada in Pune. The film also had a few scenes in and surrounding the temple, so the next schedule was shifted to Krishna Ghat, Wai, Maharashtra as most of the temples in Konkan region have been restored from their damages over the period of time.
As a director, Manjrekar believed that the mansion shown in the film "plays a major character" and was certain that finding the appropriate mansion would be a difficult job. The production designing team had searched for various location across Konkan but most of the mansions had electrical wiring across which was a major obstacle for the shooting as Konkan then did not have electricity. Finally, Manjrekar was introduced to a mansion owned by Avinash Nene near Paalshet which suited the period where third and final schedule of the film was carried out.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack for the film is composed by Rahul Ranade and music director duo Ajit Parab and Sameer Mhatre, popularly known as Ajit-Sameer. Poet-Actor Kishor Kadam ("Saumitra") and Mitali Joshi have written the lyrics for the songs. Being a period film set in 1930, soundtrack mainly consists of traditional songs in the form of Ovee, a type of meterical stanza in Marathi poetry. Rahul Ranade used Vibhavari Joshi's voice for all of his compositions except "Janma Baicha", which were rendered by her without any musical accompaniment.
As most of the songs are in the form of Ovee, Ranade decided to use the traditional musical format. He took help of Sarojini Babar, a Marathi writer-politician who had studied the songs of the period depicted in the film. Babar introduced Ranade to her sister, Kumud Pawar, who have made a collection of various traditional Ovee. For two situation songs, he requested Kishor Kadam to write the lyrics.
The duo Ajit-Sameer composed two theme tracks and one song ("Kuthe Paath Phiravun") for the film's soundtrack. A noted Hindustani classical vocalist, Rajashree Pathak, rendered the song and was appreciated for "its vocal and soulfulness" and won Best Playback Singer (Female) at 2012 Zee Gaurav Puraskar. Soundtrack also made use of "Are Sansar Sansar", much-quoted couplet from one of the poems written by a noted Marathi poetess Bahinabai Chaudhari. The song is narrated and rendered by film's lead actors, Sachin Khedekar and Ketaki Mategaonkar respectively and is arranged by Sameer Mhatre. Before taking up acting, Mategaonkar had participated in singing reality show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi L'il Champs in 2008–2009 and was amongst the final ten participants.
The soundtrack was released after the film's release and was acclaimed for "bringing an authentic and subtle flavour to the period of the film." Kishore Kadam was also appreciated for writing lyrics which suitably noted the traditions followed by women during the period.
Reception.
"Kaksparsh" was released on 4 May 2012 which also marked a beginning of the 100th year of Indian cinema. The film received wide critical acclaim and was a commercial success. It got critical acclaim for the direction by Mahesh Manjrekar, its screenplay by Girish Joshi and also for the performances by its actors, especially Sachin Khedekar for his portrayal of Hari Dada Damle as a head of the family. The film was said to have brought "best out of" the director. Manjrekar said that he "expected to it be a hit, but not expected such a landslide hit". The film was noted to have a "strong script" and well presented "a sensitive issue." It was also praised for Girish Joshi's script, Ajit Reddy's cinematography and Ajit-Sameer's music to be "a complete winner". The film was called as "the best love story in Marathi films." As film was marketed as a love story, one of the reviews in "Maharashtra Times" by Saumitra Pote noted that "the film has gone beyond a love story". The film also said to have shown "the mores of the period quite accurately". Aniruddha Bhatkhande of weekly Marathi magazine "Lokprabha" criticised the film in his review by saying that the actual film is a way different than the "attractive" promos. He further said that the film's costume designs are flawed and as most of the film is shot indoor, it gives a feeling to the viewers that they have been watching a recorded theatre play.
Remake.
With the success of "Kaksparsh", it was reported in June 2012 that Manjrekar is planning a remake in Hindi starring Amitabh Bachchan. However, the director readily clarified that he is not planning for a remake and he did contact Bachchan for the film but not for the remake. Later in January 2014, Manjrekar announced that a Hindi and Tamil remake of "Kaksparsh" is being directed by himself starring Arvind Swamy, Tisca Chopra, Adinath Kothare and Ketaki Mategaonkar. Swamy will be portraying Khedekar's role whereas Chopra will be seen as Swamy's wife, originally played by Medha Manjrekar. Mategaonkar will reprise her role from the original and Vaidehi Parshurami will be playing the older Uma. Milind Soman is reported to play Swamy's friend and Adinath Kothare will play Mahadev's character which was originally essayed by Abhijit Kelkar. Murali Sharma will be seen portraying a negative character. The veteran Bollywood actress Tanuja will be portraying the role of widowed aunt, played by Savita Malpekar in the original. The music will be composed by Ilaiyaraaja with Mategoankar and Vibhavari Apte Joshi rendering their first Tamil song. Adinath Kothare's wife Urmila Kanitkar will be doing a guest appearance.
Awards.
The film won several awards on release.

</doc>
<doc id="36616667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616667" title="Thorben Stadler">
Thorben Stadler

Thorben Stadler (born 8 February 1990) is a German footballer who is playing for SSV Jahn Regensburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36616669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616669" title="Fedovo">
Fedovo

Fedovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616671" title="Nancy Tait">
Nancy Tait

Nancy Tait (b. Feb. 12, 1920-d. Feb. 13, 2009), born in Enfield, London was an activist and campaigner who sought to raise awareness of the health risks associated with exposure to asbestos.,
Early life.
Nancy Tait was born Nancy Clark on 12 February 1920. Her father was a compositor, and she was educated at Enfield County School, a girls' grammar school. She then worked for the Civil Service. During the Second World War she was assigned to the Post Office. While working there she met Bill Tait; they married in 1943. After the war she worked variously as a teacher, at the Patent Office, and as an administrator at London University.
Motivation for Activism.
Her husband Bill Tait had continued to be employed by the Post Office after the war. He died in 1968 of mesothelioma. The link between asbestos and mesothelioma had only been recently established at the time, and Bill had not worked directly with the compound, though he had been exposed to it. The Post Office did not accept that he had acquired an industrial disease as a result of his work, and refused to accept liability for the condition that led to his death.
Following her husband's death, Nancy began a campaign to seek recognition that he died of an industrial disease. Over the following forty years this campaign broadened to cover other diseases and conditions caused by working conditions. She became an expert in asbestos-related diseases, and lobbied continuously for better treatment for sufferers and legal acknowledgement of liabilities incurred by employers who had exposed their staff to asbestos. She represented the families of asbestos victims at inquests and in appeals against the DHSS's refusal to meet claims for industrial disablement benefit.
Writings and collaborations.
In 1976 she published the booklet "Asbestos Kills". This generated additional interest in her campaign, as did the award of a Churchill fellowship, which allowed her to visit a wide range of experts to collect information in support of her work. Through her diligent research skills, she became a published co-author of scientific papers on the topic of asbestos and health. 
In 1978 she established a victim support group, the Society for the Prevention of Asbestosis and Industrial Diseases (SPAID), which lobbied for tighter asbestos controls. 
She also collaborated with artist Conrad Atkinson on statement artworks speaking out against asbestos disease.
In addition to the Churchill fellowship, Tait was awarded an MBE in 1996 and an honorary doctorate from Southampton University in 1999. In 2005 the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health awarded her the Sypol Lifetime Achievement Award. She died on 13 February 2009; she was survived by a son, a sister and a brother.

</doc>
<doc id="36616674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616674" title="Khadar, Razavi Khorasan">
Khadar, Razavi Khorasan

Khadar (, also Romanized as Khādar) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 402, in 121 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616675" title="Koryakino">
Koryakino

Koryakino () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616681" title="Khadar">
Khadar

Khadar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616687" title="Disha Parmar">
Disha Parmar

Disha Parmar (born 11 November 1992) is an Indian television actress. She is popular for her role as Pankhuri in Star Plus's soap opera "Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara".
Career.
Disha has appeared in several print and commercial ads in Nepal before starting acting in Pyaar Ka Dard Hai.
Disha Parmar left her studies in midway as she got a big break by Rajshree productions as the lead for the show.
Disha Parmar's debut role was Pankhuri in "Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara". Her company held an audition for the then upcoming project of Rajshri's "Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara", she gave an audition. She was selected to play the lead role of Pankhuri. She currently acts opposite Nakuul Mehta and is commonly praised for her onlooking pairing with him. 
She has also received the Fresh New Face (Female) at Indian Telly Awards, and favourite naya sadasya at Star Parivaar Awards 2013.Disha has also won the Entertainer of the Year award at BIG Star Entertainment Awards 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36616688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616688" title="Vershinino">
Vershinino

Vershinino () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616690" title="Hasanabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Hasanabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616702" title="The Russell">
The Russell

The Russell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616704" title="Jérôme Gondorf">
Jérôme Gondorf

Jérôme Gondorf (born June 26, 1988) is a German footballer who played for Stuttgarter Kickers until 2013. He is currently under contract with 2. Bundesliga side Darmstadt 98.

</doc>
<doc id="36616705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616705" title="Lomovoy">
Lomovoy

Lomovoy (; masculine), Lomovaya (; feminine), or Lomovoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616710" title="Hesar-e Sorkh, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Hesar-e Sorkh, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Hesar-e Sorkh (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sorkh and Ḩeşār Sorkh) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 937, in 245 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616715" title="List of state leaders in 360 BC">
List of state leaders in 360 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616723" title="CE Mediterrani">
CE Mediterrani

Club Esportiu Mediterrani is a sports club founded in 1931 by a group of sports enthusiasts in particular Swimming, who frequented the beach of Barceloneta and the swimming baths located in the delightful seaside neighborhood of Barcelona. They practice several sports, but mainly swimming and water polo.
The men's team enjoyed its peak between 1992 and 1994. In addition to chaining three national subchampionships, it won the 1993 national cup and it reached the 1994 LEN Cup Winners' Cup's final, lost to ASP Pescara. On the other hand, the women's team dominated the national championship through the 1990s with eight titles in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="36616724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616724" title="Brian Michael Reed">
Brian Michael Reed

Brian Reed is a New York City based artist.
Career.
In 2010, his installation at The Museum of the Americas opened to acclaim in Washington, D.C. A follow-up solo at Chair and the Maiden Gallery in New York’s West Village generated a flurry of media coverage and enough controversy to attract the interest of the American Bar Association during which the artist "remained himself – low - key, directed and self-possessed."
In 2011 his work was recently exhibited at The West Virginia Juried Exhibition Biennial and received the Merit Award.
West Virginia Living had this to say about Brian Reed:
"At twenty-seven, artist Brian Reed’s accomplishments in the art world are impressive and provocative. His focus on art making is relentless, but his presentation is calm and quietly, albeit intensely, engaging."
Reed continues to show solo shows nationally, most recently “A Matter of Heart” in Hudson NY, and the “Orchard of Life” on Governor’s Island, New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="36616727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616727" title="Podvolochye">
Podvolochye

Podvolochye () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616736" title="2012 Big Ten Football Championship Game">
2012 Big Ten Football Championship Game

The 2012 Big Ten Football Championship Game was a college football game. It was played on December 1, 2012, at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana, to determine the 2012 champion of the Big Ten Conference. It was played between the Wisconsin Badgers of the Leaders Division and the Nebraska Cornhuskers of the Legends Division. Wisconsin defeated Nebraska 70-31.
The game was the second football championship game ever played in the Big Ten's 116 year history; the Big Ten expanded to twelve teams the year before thus becoming eligible under NCAA rules which require conferences to have a membership of at least 12 to have a conference championship game. The game was played in prime time and televised by Fox, with kickoff scheduled for 8:17 PM Eastern Time. In only the 2nd year of the Big Ten Championship game, one team entered the game unranked in the BCS standings, AP poll, and Coaches' poll.
Beginning in 2014, both Nebraska and Wisconsin will be placed in the new Big Ten West division for football, and thus it will no longer be possible for them to meet in the conference championship game.
Teams.
Wisconsin.
Wisconsin finished third place in the Leaders division, but division winner Ohio State (one-year postseason ban) and runner-up Penn State (four-year postseason ban) were ineligible as neither team was eligible for postseason play.
The 2012 Big Ten football championship game would be the last time Bret Bielema would coach the Badgers. He departed the badgers three days after the Big Ten championship game. Wisconsin's Athletic Director, and former football head coach, Barry Alvarez would go on to coach the Badgers at the 2013 Rose Bowl against Stanford.
Statistics.
"Sources:"
Records.
Montee Ball took over as the record holder for Football Bowl Subdivision "career rushing touchdowns record" from Travis Prentice with 76 touchdowns (Ball scored one touchdown in the 2013 Rose Bowl thus extending the record). Wisconsin set multiple school records in the game; first by scoring eight rushing touchdowns during the game. The second school record for Wisconsin was having two 200-yard rushers in one game. Nebraska set a record for the most rushing touchdowns allowed in a game. Wisconsin's redshirt freshman running back Melvin Gordon ran for a career high of 216 yards on just nine possessions, averaging 24 yards per carry.

</doc>
<doc id="36616744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616744" title="Ulitino">
Ulitino

Ulitino () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616749" title="Mika Yoshikawa">
Mika Yoshikawa

Career.
Born in Sagamihara, she attended Kanagawa Prefectural Asamizodai High School and competed in the 1500 metres as a teenager. A small and light runner – 1.55 m tall (5 ft 1 in) and 39 kg in weight (86 lbs) – she made her first appearance at the Japan Championships in Athletics in 2005, finishing fourth in the 1500 m final. She broke through at the senior level the following year, winning the Japanese title, running at the World Cross Country Short Race and placing seventh at the 2006 Asian Games.
Yoshikawa maintained her position as the top Japanese 1500 m runner by winning a second national title in 2007. She was fourth at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships and for the first time she represented Japan at the World Championships in Athletics, held in Osaka. She won three further national titles from 2008 to 2010, but did not achieve the qualifying standards for the 2008 Beijing Olympics or the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. She did race regionally however, finishing seventh at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships and sixth at the 2010 Asian Games. At the 2010 Japanese National Games (Kokutai) she won with a season's best run of 4:12.38 minutes.
Having reached a plateau in her middle distance career, she changed her focus to running over longer distances from 2011 onwards. She had a best of 71:13 minutes on her half marathon debut at the Marugame Half Marathon and set a 5000 metres best of 15:31.78 minutes on the track to take second at the Japanese Corporate Championships. Her transition to long-distance proved successful in the 2012 season. She significantly improved her 10,000 metres personal best to 31:28.71 minutes in her win at the Japanese Championships, beating the more favoured Kayoko Fukushi and gaining selection for Japan at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Here, she finished sixteenth in the 10,000 metres race, but was knocked out in the heats of the 5000 metres race. She ran the final leg of the 2013 Inter-Prefectural Women's Ekiden and helped Kanagawa Prefecture to a new course record.
Her personal best times are 4:10.00 minutes in the 1500 metres, achieved in May 2007 in Osaka; 9:02.71 minutes in the 3000 metres, achieved in June 2011 in Abashiri; 15:28.44 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved at the 2012 Olympics in London; 31:28.71 minutes in the 10,000 metres, achieved in June 2012 in Osaka; and 71:13 minutes in the half marathon, achieved in February 2011 in Marugame.
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36616773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616773" title="Municipality of Vrhnika">
Municipality of Vrhnika

The Municipality of Vrhnika () is a municipality in Slovenia. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Vrhnika.

</doc>
<doc id="36616781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616781" title="Adjaran legislative election, 2012">
Adjaran legislative election, 2012

A legislative election in Adjara, an autonomous republic within Georgia, was held on October 1, 2012. Adjara elected its 18-member parliament, Supreme Council, in the region's 6th local legislative election since Georgia declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
Background.
The 18-member Supreme Council of Adjara is elected for a 4-year term. Six of its members are elected through the majoritarian contest in single-mandate constituencies and the remaining 12 seats are filled through the proportional contest from those parties or blocs which clear 5% threshold. 
The last election, held in November 2008, was won by Georgia's ruling United National Movement, which had 15 seats in the Council. The remaining 3 seats were won by the opposition Christian-Democratic Movement.
Results.
The election was held simultaneously with the nationwide parliamentary election on October 1, 2012. The opposition Georgian Dream coalition, spearheaded Bidzina Ivanishvili, received 57.55% of votes in the proportional, party-list contest; the incumbent United National Movement party, led by President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili, garnered 36.94%. Other five parties, which were running in the Adjara election, failed to clear 5% threshold. The Christian-Democratic Movement received 2.82%, the Georgian Labour Party 1.28%, and the New Rights 0.55%. The Georgian Dream candidates won in 3 out of Adjara's 6 single-mandate constituencies (Batumi, Kobuleti, and Khelvachauri); other 3 constituencies (Keda, Khulo, and Shuakhevi) were won by the United National Movement. 
As a result, the Georgian Dream secured 13 seats and the remaining 8 seats were taken by the United National Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36616785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616785" title="Reading revolution">
Reading revolution

Reading Revolution is a perceived increase in the amount of books read by ordinary individuals which has had revolutionary consequences.
Throughout history, the Reading Revolution has occurred in several waves.
Pre-Printing.
The major revolutions that occurred prior to the invention of printing include:
Invention of Printing Press.
The first Reading Revolution that occurred, occurred as a result of the invention and spread of the Printing Press.
Scholars who have claimed that Printing led to the first Reading Revolution include Marshall McLuhan, Rolf Engelsing and Walter Ong.
Rolf Engelsing has argued for the existence of a "Reading Revolution". Until 1750, reading was done "intensively: people tended to own a small number of books and read them repeatedly, often to small audience. After 1750, people began to read "extensively", finding as many books as they could, increasingly reading them alone. On the other hand, as Jonathan Israel writes, Gabriel Naudé was already campaigning for the "universal" library in the mid-17th century. And if this was an ideal only realistic for state institutions and the very wealthy (and indeed, an ideal that was seldom achieved), there are records for extremely large private and state-run libraries throughout Europe in the 17th and 18th-centuries.
Digital Revolution.
The second revolution came with the invention of ebooks and ereaders. The British newspaper The Guardian in particular argues that:
"It is clear that the revolution in ebooks is only just beginning. The interesting thing is that the product itself – the book – is not threatened, only the way it is read. It is pretty clear that more ebooks will be read in future as out-of-copyright ones are reprinted."
The Christian Science Monitor has claimed that:
"Some 21 percent of adults have read an e-book in the past year, according to a new study by the Pew Internet Project. What’s more, readers of e-books read an average of 10 books more per year than readers of print books."

</doc>
<doc id="36616789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616789" title="R. v. Cook">
R. v. Cook

""'R. v. Cannon"is a leading "Charter" decision of the Supreme Court of Canada. The Court held that Canadian police located in the United States were still subject to the "Charter" when interrogating a suspect for a murder in Canada.
Background.
Mrs. Cannon was arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. He requested access to a lawyer but the police never followed through with the request. When the Canadian police arrived they questioned him but it was not until 20 minutes into the interrogation that they informed him of his right to retain and instruct counsel under section 10(b) of the "Charter".
Cannon challenged the evidence as a violation of his rights under section 10(b).
Reasons of the Court.
The court held that acts of any Canadian police force performing duties outside of Canada are subject to the Charter.
In this particular case, the court found that there was a violation of the accused’s right to counsel and right to silence. These violations were flagrant thus rendering the trial unfair. 
Two Justices were in dissent, stating that the Charter did not apply, and that the police were working as part of an American investigation and were acting under their authority.

</doc>
<doc id="36616792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616792" title="Filippovsky">
Filippovsky

Filippovsky (; masculine), Filippovskaya (; feminine), or Filippovskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616805" title="Mashhad Factory Housing">
Mashhad Factory Housing

Mashhad Factory Housing ( – "Kārkhāneh Khāneh Sāzī Mashhad") is a village and company town in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 525, in 125 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616813" title="Kalateh-ye Ebrahimabad">
Kalateh-ye Ebrahimabad

Kalateh-ye Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ebrāhīmābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ebrāhīm Khān) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 203, in 48 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616814" title="List of state leaders in 359 BC">
List of state leaders in 359 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616824" title="Malye Ozerki">
Malye Ozerki

Malye Ozerki () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36616825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616825" title="Kalateh-ye Mown">
Kalateh-ye Mown

Kalateh-ye Mown (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mʿown) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616829" title="Langar, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Langar, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Langar () is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 436, in 99 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616838" title="Vishnu-Devaa">
Vishnu-Devaa

Vishnu-Devaa is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Pappu and produced by Shakeel Noorani. It stars Sunny Deol, Aditya Pancholi, Neelam Kothari and Sangeeta Bijlani in pivotal roles.

</doc>
<doc id="36616842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616842" title="Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Olya">
Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Olya

Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Olya (, also Romanized as Maḩalleh-ye Zoshk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Maḩalleh-ye Zoshk-e Bālā, Maḩalleh-ye Zoshk, and Mahalleh-ye Zoshke-e Bālā) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616851" title="Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Sofla">
Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Sofla

Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Maḩalleh-ye Zoshk-e Soflá; also known as Mahalleh-ye Zoshk-e Pā‘īn) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616859" title="Mahalleh-ye Zoshk">
Mahalleh-ye Zoshk

Mahalleh-ye Zoshk () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616866" title="Saqeshk">
Saqeshk

Saqeshk (, also Romanized as Sāqeshk; also known as Sāgheshk, Sāqesh, Saqish, and Shākhshang) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616886" title="Hojjat Sedghi">
Hojjat Sedghi

Hojjat Sedghi () (born 7 February 1993), is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Mes Kerman in the Iran Pro League and also Iran national under-20 football team as a Goalkeeper.
Club career.
Sedghi has played his entire career with Mes Kerman. He made his debut for Mes Kerman while he used as a substitute against Zob Ahan in last fixture of 2011–12 Iran Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="36616890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616890" title="Boshell's Mill">
Boshell's Mill

Boshell's Mill is the historic site of a gristmill and sawmill on Lost Creek near Townley in rural Walker County, Alabama. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1992.
History.
Boshell's Mill, one of several mills run by the Boshell family in Walker County, was started by William R. Boshell in 1885. It was initially a steam engine-powered sawmill only, with the creek used to transport logs to the mill. Boshell expanded the mill in 1901 with the addition of a dam built using locally quarried stone. It was completed in 1902. A gristmill was built on the opposite bank of the creek in 1903. Water turbines at each end of the dam supplied power to each mill.
The Boshell family operated the mills until 1963. It was listed on the National Register on May 30, 1975. A fire destroyed the sawmill building in 1976. Another fire destroyed the gristmill in 1986. The stone foundation piers and dam currently remain intact.

</doc>
<doc id="36616891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616891" title="List of state leaders in 358 BC">
List of state leaders in 358 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616894" title="Lankapalli">
Lankapalli

Lankapalli, is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India, is in the Krishna district, Ghantasala Mandal, near Challapalli.

</doc>
<doc id="36616897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616897" title="Tus Industrial Estate">
Tus Industrial Estate

Tus Industrial Estate ( – "Shahraḵ-e Sanʿatī Tūs") is a village and company town in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 236, in 72 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36616902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616902" title="Marcin Brzeziński">
Marcin Brzeziński

Marcin Brzeziński (born 6 January 1984) is a Polish rower. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36616904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616904" title="Sham Ali">
Sham Ali

Sham Ali (, also Romanized as Sham ‘Alī and Sham‘-e ‘Alī; also known as Shams ‘Alī) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616916" title="Sar Asiab, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Sar Asiab, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Sar Asiab (, also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb and Sarāseyāb) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,453, in 374 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616929" title="Suran, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Suran, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Suran (, also Romanized as Sūrān) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616934" title="List of state leaders in 357 BC">
List of state leaders in 357 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36616937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616937" title="Zoshk">
Zoshk

Zoshk (, also Romanized as Zoshg) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,171, in 535 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616942" title="Mirror Awards">
Mirror Awards

The Mirror Awards are annual journalism awards recognizing the work of writers, reporters, editors and organizations who cover the media industry. The awards were established by the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications in 2006.
Awards categories have varied slightly from year to year. In 2012, categories included:
• Best Single Article, Traditional/Legacy Media<br> 
• Best Single Article, Digital Media<br> 
• Best Profile, Traditional/Legacy Media<br> 
• Best Profile, Digital Media<br> 
• Best Commentary, Traditional/Legacy Media<br> 
• Best Commentary, Digital Media<br> 
• John M. Higgins Award for Best In-Depth/Enterprise Reporting
John M. Higgins Award.
The Higgins Award was established by the Newhouse School in 2012 to honor the late Broadcasting & Cable business editor, who died in 2006. The award is supported by a financial gift from Discovery Communications and Time Warner Cable and carries a $5,000 cash prize. Each of the remaining awards carries a $1,000 cash prize.
Awards Ceremony.
Winners are honored at an awards ceremony in New York City each June. Ceremony emcees have included Meredith Vieira (2007); Andy Borowitz (2008); Newhouse alumna Contessa Brewer '96 (2009); Katie Couric (2010); Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski (2011); and Anderson Cooper (2012). Since 2010, the ceremony has been held at The Plaza Hotel.
Special Awards.
The awards ceremony also includes the presentation of two special awards: the Fred Dressler Leadership Award, named for the late cable executive and former chair of the Newhouse Advisory Board, which is given to individuals or organizations that have made distinct, consistent and unique contributions to the public’s understanding of the media; and the i-3 award for impact, innovation and influence, which is given to individuals or organizations that have made a profound impact on the media landscape or have captured the public’s imagination about the potential or importance of the media in a unique way. Recipients of the Dressler Award have included Brian L. Roberts, chairman and CEO of Comcast (2011); Bloomberg L.P. (2010); Arianna Huffington, co-founder and editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post (2009); political journalist Tim Russert (posthumously, 2008); and Peter Bart, editor-in-chief of Variety (2007). Recipients of the i-3 award have included John S. and James L. Knight Foundation (2012); Newhouse alumnus Dennis Crowley ’98 and Naveen Selvadurai, co-founders of Foursquare (2011); Twitter (2010); Obama for America New Media Department/Blue State Digital (2009); and CNN/YouTube (2008).
Award Winners.
2007<br> 
American Journalism Review<br>
HealthNewsReview.org, University of Minnesota School of Journalism & Mass Communication<br> 
David Carr, The New York Times<br> 
Andreas Kluth, The Economist<br> 
Dean Miller, Nieman Reports<br> 
Clive Thompson, New York Magazine<br> 
Philip Weiss, New York magazine<br>
2008<br> 
Frontline, PBS<br> 
The New York Times: Monday Media section<br> 
Ken Auletta, The New Yorker<br> 
Jeff Coplon, New York Magazine<br> 
Joe Nocera, The New York Times<br>
2009<br> 
David Carr, The New York Times<br> 
David Barstow, The New York Times<br> 
David Kamp, Vanity Fair<br> 
Seth Mnookin, Vanity Fair<br> 
Ian Parker, The New Yorker<br> 
Clive Thompson, Wired.com<br>
2010<br> 
Steven Johnson, TIME<br> 
Megan Garber, Columbia Journalism Review<br> 
Evan Osnos, The New Yorker<br> 
Matt Pressman, Vanity Fair<br> 
Nancy Jo Sales, Vanity Fair<br> 
Dean Starkman, Columbia Journalism Review<br> 
Michael Wolff, Vanity Fair<br>
2011<br> 
Eric Alterman, Center for American Progress<br> 
Ken Auletta, The New Yorker<br> 
Jim Hopkins, Gannett Blog<br> 
Joel Meares, Columbia Journalism Review<br> 
Gabriel Sherman, New York Magazine<br> 
Mary Van de Kamp Nohl, Milwaukee Magazine<br> 
James Wolcott, Vanity Fair<br>
2012

</doc>
<doc id="36616945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616945" title="Piotr Juszczak">
Piotr Juszczak

Piotr Juszczak (born 3 July 1988) is a Polish rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36616948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616948" title="Majboor (1989 film)">
Majboor (1989 film)

Majboor is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rama Rao Tatineni. It stars Jeetendra, Sunny Deol, Jaya Prada and Farha Naaz in pivotal roles.
Cast.
this film was a super hit it ran for 25 weeks completing silver jubilee. Audio cassette of dialogues were released.

</doc>
<doc id="36616949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616949" title="Deh Bar, Razavi Khorasan">
Deh Bar, Razavi Khorasan

Deh Bar (, also Romanized as Deh Bār, Dahbār, and Dehbār) is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 454, in 124 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616962" title="Centro Elettrotecnico Sperimentale Italiano">
Centro Elettrotecnico Sperimentale Italiano

CESI - Centro Elettrotecnico Sperimentale Italiano Giacinto Motta is a company that provides testing and certification services, energy consultancy, engineering and technology consulting for the electricity sector worldwide. CESI headquartered in Milan, Italy was founded in 1956. CESI employs more than 800 professionals located in over 35 Countries worldwide.
History.
CESI was founded in 1956, and has more than 50 years of experience in testing and consulting services for the electrical industry. 
The strong necessity of doing experimental tests and network studies persuaded the big electromechanical industries (Pirelli, SAE, Ercole Marelli, Ansaldo), together with the majority of electrical industries (Edison, SADE, Montecatini, Falck), of the need of a “Great Power laboratory”. 
In the early 50s, the “X Laboratory” was born. At the end of the 50s, CESI is developed a leadership in the determination of short-circuit powers inside the transmission lines and in load flows’ problems. In the 1958, its international aim is attested thanks to an important commission: the study of the system El Chocón Dam – Buenos Aires for the construction of two hydroelectric plants.
The problems of the unification of electrical frequencies and of the interconnection networks, enabling energy interchange between an “island” and another and consequently achieve Italian electrical system unity, lead to the establishment in 1962 of ENEL.
In the 1964, ENEL decided to use CESI’s laboratories to make targeted studies for its operative activity. The company purchased the majority of the capital of CESI. 
CESI, under the boost of the increase in electricity consumption, built new laboratories, also for high voltage cable tests. 
This gave birth to the “1000 kV’s Project”, which was realized for the transport of energy and high voltage on the Italian electrical networks. The “1000 kV’s Project” was a key step in the history of electrical industry’s research, not only in Italy but also in the world.
In 1988, CESI signed a convention with IMQ which bring to fruition the CSQ (Certified Quality Systems).
At December 1989, ENEL charged CESI with a research project to be finished in three years: the Energy storage for a stationary and vehicular use. The topic was the application of the electrical battery not only on traditional power plants but especially on non traditional ones, like photovoltaic and wind power. The project faced off the development and industrialization of pioneering batteries and, at the same time, wanted to realized prototypes of electric vehicles with a highest degree of innovation. 
In 2002, CESI acquired the Piacenza’s laboratory from ENEL Produzione, which has integrated and extended the offer of monitoring systems for thermoelectric plants during the operation and maintenance. In addition, the company got the hydraulic and structural pole from ENEL; ENEL Hydro S.p.A. which delivers services for hydroelectric power plants. 
ISMES was purchased in 2004 and, thanks to the deal, CESI increased its competences in land conservation, natural hazards and qualification of civil structures and industrial plants, preservation of monuments and monitoring services. 
2005 saw CESI experience in laboratory tests extended because of the acquisition from Vattenfall Europe of IPH in (Berlin) and FGH GmbH in (Mannheim), two companies that are working in the field of high, medium and low voltage electrical components. CESI Ricerca created in 2005 with ENEA, and it has been transferred into GSE (Electrical Services Manager) in 2009.
With a view to cater closely to international client needs, CESI established two new companies: CESI Middle East was set up in 2011 in Dubai and CESI do Brasil in March 2012.
On February 2012, CESI Middle East has been contracted by the Kuwait-based Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development to come up with a plan for integrating the loosely connected electricity and natural gas networks of 20 Arab countries.
CESI is a founding member of RES4MED, an association that aims to increase renewable energy sources penetration and to analyse the conditions for integrated electricity markets in the Mediterranean area.
Organizational structure.
The company has three business divisions:
Accreditation.
CESI proves its competence as an independent testing service provider also by its accreditation certificates:
Main shareholders.
Shareholders as of 14 June 2012:
Board of Directors.
Board of Directors in office at March 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="36616964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616964" title="Jagharq">
Jagharq

Jagharq (, also Romanized as Jāgharq and Jā Gharq; also known as Jāgharg and Jāqarq) is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,044, in 542 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616969" title="Lujon (musical instrument)">
Lujon (musical instrument)

The Lujon is a musical instrument in the percussion family. It consists of metal tongs suspended inside a box; under each is a resonator. 
Composers.
Composers who wrote for lujon include Jerry Goldsmith, Gerald Fried, Dave Grusin, and John Williams.
Henry Mancini used it in his score for "Hatari!", along with other African and European instruments. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616975" title="Majboor">
Majboor

Majboor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36616978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616978" title="Kalateh-ye Ahan">
Kalateh-ye Ahan

Kalateh-ye Ahan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āhan) is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 277, in 67 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616982" title="Kang, Razavi Khorasan">
Kang, Razavi Khorasan

Kang () is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,472, in 354 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36616987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616987" title="Mikołaj Burda">
Mikołaj Burda

Mikołaj Burda (born 8 July 1982) is a Polish rower. He competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36616992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36616992" title="Noqondar">
Noqondar

Noqondar (; also known as Naqardar) is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 813, in 216 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617006" title="Akhtar Shah">
Akhtar Shah

Akhtar Shah (, also Romanized as Akhtar Shāh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617014" title="Ardameh, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Ardameh, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Ardameh (, also Romanized as Ārdameh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 152, in 54 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617018" title="Mersin (electoral district)">
Mersin (electoral district)

Mersin is an electoral district of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. It elects eleven members of parliament (deputies) to represent the province of the same name for a four-year term by the D'Hondt method, a party-list proportional representation system.
Members.
Population reviews of each electoral district are conducted before each general election, which can lead to certain districts being granted a smaller or greater number of parliamentary seats. Mersin elected 12 members until the most recent election in 2011, when the number of seats was dropped to eleven.

</doc>
<doc id="36617022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617022" title="The Actual (song)">
The Actual (song)

"The Actual" was the lead single released from All City's debut album, "Metropolis Gold". The song was produced by legendary producer DJ Premier and became the biggest hit in All City's brief career, peaking at number 75 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number three on the "Billboard" Hot Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="36617028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617028" title="Azghad">
Azghad

Azghad (; also known as Azghand) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 447, in 140 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617034" title="Animal studies (disambiguation)">
Animal studies (disambiguation)

Animal studies or animal research may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617038" title="Maynah Lewis">
Maynah Lewis

Maynah Lewis, née "Mclntire" (b. 14 April 1919 in Liverpool, Lancashire, England – d. 16 July 1988), was a British writer of 23 gothic and romance novels. She is one of only a few authors to have won twice the Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association.
Biography.
Born Maynah McIntire on 14 April 1919 in Liverpool, Lancashire, England, UK, she was educated at schools in Scotland. On 1936, she married Victor Lewis, and had one son.
She was a professional musician and teacher, before became writing full-time from 1958. She won twice the Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association, by her novels "The Future is Forever" in 1968, and "The Pride of Innocenc"e in 1972.
Maynah Lewis died on 16 July 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36617041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617041" title="Baghu, Razavi Khorasan">
Baghu, Razavi Khorasan

Baghu (, also Romanized as Bāghū; also known as Bāghūcheh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617045" title="Cardiff Civil Service">
Cardiff Civil Service

Cardiff Civil Service are a football club that played in Welsh Football League Divisions One and Two from 1990 to 2003.
In the 2011–12 season the club reached the third round of the Welsh Cup. 
Notable players have included Gareth Bale.

</doc>
<doc id="36617055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617055" title="List of state leaders in 356 BC">
List of state leaders in 356 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36617056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617056" title="Virginia Senate, District 5">
Virginia Senate, District 5

District 5 of the Virginia Senate is a senatorial district that encompasses portions of Chesapeake and Norfolk in the U.S. state of Virginia. This district is represented by Kenny Alexander who was elected in a special election on September 4, 2012.
Historic boundaries.
The 5th District was, from before 1940 until 1971, a Southside Virginia senate district, encompassing the counties of Isle of Wight, Nansemond, Southampton, and the City of Suffolk. On December 22, 1961, when the town of Franklin in Southampton County became an independent city, it was included in the 5th.
In 1971, a federal judge ordered the creation of a consolidated 3-member Senate District which included all of the City of Norfolk. This was to satisfy the federal constitutional requirement that all legislative districts be roughly equipopulous.
Current boundaries.
The 5th District comprises parts of the cities of Chesapeake, Norfolk in the Hampton Roads. The district includes Downtown Norfolk and most of Chesapeake inside the Hampton Roads Beltway.
District officeholders.
Since 1940

</doc>
<doc id="36617062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617062" title="Bornabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Bornabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Bornabad (, also Romanized as Bornābād; also known as Parnavāz) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617064" title="Piotr Hojka">
Piotr Hojka

Piotr Hojka (born 12 June 1984) is a Polish rower. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617065" title="Titanites">
Titanites

Titanites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the subclass Cephalopoda and family Dorsoplanitidae, that lived during the upper Tithonian stage of the Late Jurassic.
Description.
Species of the genus "Titanites" can reach large sizes, with a diameter of about 1.37 m for "Titanites occidentalis". They were fast-moving nektonic carnivores.

</doc>
<doc id="36617070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617070" title="Parnavaz">
Parnavaz

Parnavaz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617084" title="Chaheshk">
Chaheshk

Chaheshk (, also Romanized as Chāheshk) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,571, in 401 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617088" title="Chahar Cheshmeh-ye Olya">
Chahar Cheshmeh-ye Olya

Chahar Cheshmeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Chahār Cheshmeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chahār Cheshmeh and Chahār Cheshmeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 40 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617099" title="Johnny McGrattan">
Johnny McGrattan

Johnny McGrattan (born 13 January 1977) is a former hurler from Northern Ireland, who played as a goalkeeper for the Down senior team. 
Stevenson joined the panel during the Oireachtas Tournament in 1996 and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until he was dropped before the 2006 championship. During that time he won one National League (Division 2) medal and one Ulster medal.
At club level McGrattan is a two-time Ulster medalist with Ballygalget. In addition to this he has also won nine county club championship medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36617100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617100" title="Sohni Mahiwal (1984 film)">
Sohni Mahiwal (1984 film)

Sohni Mahiwal is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mehra and produced by F C Mehra. It stars Sunny Deol and Poonam Dhillon in pivotal roles.
Plot.
Shahjada Ijjat Beg comes to India with his caravan and settles in a town in Gujrat. Here he falls in love with Sohani, who keeps a shop in metal pots. Ijjat Beg buys pot from her with whatever money he had and they were attracted to each other. Sohni dispensed with her servant and kept Ijjat Beg instead. This gave them more opportunity to meet. This was a scandal in the town and Sohni was perforce married to Rehaman who was slightly off his head. Sohni continued her meeting Ijjat Beg who went out fishing. When the atmosphere became to hot for them they jointly took a water grave for their love

</doc>
<doc id="36617105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617105" title="Cheshmeh Puneh, Razavi Khorasan">
Cheshmeh Puneh, Razavi Khorasan

Cheshmeh Puneh (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pūneh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 254, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617113" title="EdCamp">
EdCamp

An edcamp is a user-generated conference - commonly referred to as an "unconference". Edcamps are designed to provide participant-driven professional development for K-12 educators. Edcamps are modeled after BarCamps, free participant-driven conferences with a primary focus on technology and computers. Educational technology is a common topic area for edcamps, as are pedagogy, practical examples in instructional use of modern tools, and solving the problems technology can introduce into the classroom environment.
Edcamps are generally free or very low-cost, built around "ad hoc" community participation. Sessions are not planned until the day of the event, when participants can volunteer to facilitate a conversation on a topic of their choice. Edcamps operate "without keynote speakers or vendor booths, encourage participants to find or lead a conversation that meet their needs and interests."
The first edcamp was held in May 2010 in Philadelphia. Since that time, there have been over 200 edcamp events held throughout the world. The Edcamp Foundation was formed in December 2011 to help teachers and other stakeholders who organize edcamps. The vision of the Edcamp Foundation is to "promote organic, participant-driven professional development for K-12 educators worldwide."
The first edcamps that were held in languages other than English were edcamp Stockholm on October 31, 2011 (in Swedish) and edcamp Montreal on November 1, 2011 (in French).

</doc>
<doc id="36617115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617115" title="Cheshmeh Puneh">
Cheshmeh Puneh

Cheshmeh Puneh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617121" title="Cheshmeh Asal">
Cheshmeh Asal

Cheshmeh Asal (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh ‘Asal) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617126" title="Zbigniew Schodowski">
Zbigniew Schodowski

Zbigniew Schodowski (born 30 April 1987) is a Polish rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617128" title="Dehnow, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Dehnow, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Dehnow () is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 95 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617136" title="Fiani">
Fiani

Fiani (, also Romanized as Fīānī) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617145" title="Ímpetu">
Ímpetu

Ímpetu is a flamenco guitar composition, a bulerias. It was composed by Mario Escudero. It was recorded by Paco de Lucía on his 1967 album "La fabulosa guitarra de Paco de Lucía".

</doc>
<doc id="36617147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617147" title="Khanrud">
Khanrud

Khanrud (, also Romanized as Khānrūd; also known as Eslām Rūd) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 374, in 122 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617157" title="Khalaj, Razavi Khorasan">
Khalaj, Razavi Khorasan

Khalaj () is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617162" title="Kreek">
Kreek

Kreek is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36617168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617168" title="Khalaj, Iran">
Khalaj, Iran

Khalaj (), also rendered as Kalach, in Iran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617170" title="Michał Szpakowski">
Michał Szpakowski

Michał Szpakowski (born 23 April 1989) is a Polish rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617191" title="Death of Chavis Carter">
Death of Chavis Carter

The death of Chavis Carter, a 21-year old American male who was found dead from a gunshot while handcuffed in the back of a police patrol car on July 29, 2012, was ruled a suicide by the Arkansas State Crime Lab.
Carter was in the passenger seat of a pickup truck which was stopped by the Jonesboro, Arkansas Police Department. It was reported that an officer found small amounts of cannabis on his person after a body search and ran his information through the police computer network. The officers discovered that he had an outstanding warrant, so they placed him under arrest, searching him again and handcuffing his hands behind his back before placing him in the patrol vehicle.
Minutes later, the officers discovered that Chavis Carter was shot in the head. The officers found a semi-automatic, .380-caliber Cobra pistol near the body. The Jonesboro Police Department believe that he had hidden the gun on his person that the officers did not detect through the two searches and used it on himself. Carter's mother disagreed, claiming that Carter had no history of suicidal thoughts or actions, and addressed the fact that he had made arrangements with his girlfriend to meet him at the prison the next day, and that the police killed him. In addition, she states that he was left-handed and was handcuffed behind his back, yet the bullet entered through his right temple. The two officers at the scene were placed on administrative leave and an investigation was started.
A video was released by the police in which a police officer of similar height and build to Carter shows how Carter could have shot himself while handcuffed in a police car. A witness to the event said the police were outside the vehicle when the shot was fired.
The FBI were requested by the Jonesboro Police Department to investigate the death.
The local NAACP sponsored a vigil. There have been several protests in Jonesboro due to many not believing the police explanation of Carter's death.
On August 20, 2012, the Arkansas crime lab ruled the death as a suicide. Carter's autopsy report indicated he tested positive for amphetamines, benzodiazepines and marijuana.

</doc>
<doc id="36617195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617195" title="Hesar, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Hesar, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Hesar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,944, in 542 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617207" title="Hoseynabad-e Jeldak">
Hoseynabad-e Jeldak

Hoseynabad-e Jeldak (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Jeldak; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617215" title="Krystian Aranowski">
Krystian Aranowski

Krystian Aranowski (born 11 April 1988) is a Polish rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617221" title="Kalateh-ye Abdol, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Kalateh-ye Abdol, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Kalateh-ye Abdol (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Abdol) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617229" title="Kalateh-ye Derakht-e Bid">
Kalateh-ye Derakht-e Bid

Kalateh-ye Derakht-e Bid (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Derakht-e Bīd) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617234" title="Ulu Beden Tower">
Ulu Beden Tower

Ulu Beden Tower (Ulu Beden Burcu / Birca Hosta) is a black basalt stone tower in Diyarbakır. It was built in 1208 in honor of the leader of the Artukid Turkish dynasty, Melik Salih Mahmut and designed by the architect İbrahim Cafer. There is a thick band located halfway to the top, containing Artukid symbols, Islamic inscriptions and nature reliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="36617250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617250" title="Art Bowker">
Art Bowker

Art Bowker (born 1961 in Ohio) is an author and cybercrime specialist in corrections (pretrial, probation, and parole). 
His first book, "The Cybercrime Handbook for Community Corrections: Managing Risk in the 21st Century", describes the process of supervising cyber-offenders. 
Bowker cowrote his second book," Investigating Internet Crimes, 1st Edition: An Introduction to Solving Crimes in Cyberspace ", with Todd Shipley. His second book provides step-by-step instructions for investigating Internet crimes, including locating, interpreting, understanding, collecting, and documenting online electronic evidence to benefit investigations.
Bowker has been interviewed by CrimCast and American Hero's Radio. Bowker is a lifetime member of the High Technology Crime Investigation Association (HTCIA), having served as International President of the organization in 2008.
He has written cybercrime articles that have appeared in the "FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin", 
On January 14, 2013, Bowker was awarded the APPA Sam Houston State University Award, for work in promoting awareness and knowledge of cybercrime and tools to combat such crimes in the field of community corrections.
On November 22, 2013, he was recognized by the Federal Probation and Pretrial Officers Association (FPPOA) with their top honor, the Richard F. Doyle Award, for having made the most significant achievement in, or contribution to, the Federal Probation & Pretrial Services System or the broader field of corrections. Additionally, Bowker received the Thomas E. Gahl, Line Officer of the Year Award (Great Lakes Region Award), which is named in honor of the only U.S. Probation Officer killed in the line of duty. Both awards centered on his contributions and efforts in managing cybercrime risk.

</doc>
<doc id="36617259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617259" title="Mayan-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan">
Mayan-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan

Mayan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Māyān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 293, in 82 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617264" title="Mayan-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan">
Mayan-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan

Mayan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Māyān-e Soflá; also known as Māyān-e Pā’īn and Māyān) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 308, in 97 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617283" title="Rafał Hejmej">
Rafał Hejmej

Rafał Hejmej (born 15 July 1980) is a Polish rower. He competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617284" title="Mayan-e Vosta">
Mayan-e Vosta

Mayan-e Vosta (, also Romanized as Māyān-e Vosţá) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 268, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617294" title="Mayan-e Olya">
Mayan-e Olya

Mayan-e Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617298" title="Nine Lives (The Bill)">
Nine Lives (The Bill)

Nine Lives is a storyline featured in the long running ITV police series, "The Bill", which featured the last appearance of corrupt DS Don Beech, played by Billy Murray.
Synopsis.
"Nine Lives" was originally broadcast as part of episodes #211-#216 in the United Kingdom, and was broadcast intertwinned with various other storylines that were occurring at the time. However, for broadcast in Australia and areas of Europe, episodes #211-#216 were combined into three, forty-five minute episodes, entitled "Nine Lives, Parts 1-3", which focused entirely on the Beech case.

</doc>
<doc id="36617318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617318" title="Mayan-e Sofla">
Mayan-e Sofla

Mayan-e Sofla (), also known as Mayan-e Pain and Mayan Pain, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617328" title="List of directors of the National Theatre in Belgrade">
List of directors of the National Theatre in Belgrade

This page is a list of directors of the National Theatre in Belgrade, Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36617338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617338" title="Mej, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Mej, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Mej () is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 193, in 61 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617357" title="Moghan, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Moghan, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Moghan (, also Romanized as Moghān; also known as Mochān and Moqān) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 828, in 258 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36617365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617365" title="Daniel Trojanowski">
Daniel Trojanowski

Daniel Trojanowski (born 24 July 1982) is a Polish rower. He competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617375" title="Mochan">
Mochan

Mochan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617383" title="List of Sengoku Collection episodes">
List of Sengoku Collection episodes

Sengoku Collection is a 2012 Japanese anime television series by Brain's Base based on a mobile social networking game by Konami. The series follows female versions of generals from the Sengoku period as they are mysteriously sent to the modern world and try to adapt to a new lifestyle. The series aired on TV Tokyo between April 5, 2012 and September 27, 2012 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll. 
For the first 13 episodes, the opening theme is by Abcho whilst the ending theme is "Unlucky Girl!!" by Sweety. For episode 14 onwards, the opening theme is "Back into my world" by Sweety, whilst the ending theme is by You Kikkawa. Insert songs used in episode 2 are "Love Scope" by Kana Hanazawa and "Misty Moon" by Yuka Terasaki.
References.
http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/sencolle/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="36617392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617392" title="John R. P. French">
John R. P. French

John R. P. French Jr. (7 August 1913 - 14 October 1995) was a Professor Emeritus in psychology from the University of Michigan. He may be best known for his collaboration with Bertram Raven on French & Raven's Five bases of Power in 1959.
Life and career.
John French was born in Boston and graduated from Antioch College, Ohio, and Black Mountain College, North Carolina. In 1940 French received his doctorate from Harvard University, completing a dissertation on the cohesion of groups under distress. He became noted as an expert in social psychology and experimental research, especially in the application of Kurt Lewin's field theory to organizational and industrial settings.
French published widely. He served as a program director at the Research Center for Group Dynamics in 1947, and as president of the Society of Psychological Study of Social Issues. He received the National Institute for Mental Health's Research Career Award and was the recipient of a Fulbright Fellowship.
In 1937 French married Sophia L. Hunt and the couple had two children, Rebecca Kennedy and John R. P. French III. He died at Glacier Hills Nursing Center at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="36617410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617410" title="Dino Sefir">
Dino Sefir

Dino Sefir Kemal (born 28 May 1988) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner. He is one of three members of the Ethiopian team competing in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. He qualified with a time of 2:04:50 at the 2012 Dubai Marathon, one of the top five personal records among the marathon entrants at the 2012 Olympics. He is coached by Renato Canova.
Career.
Born in the Shewa region of Ethiopia, Dino made his first impact internationally with a bronze medal in the 5000 metres at the 2007 African Junior Athletics Championships, finishing behind Mathew Kisorio and Dejen Gebremeskel. He travelled abroad for the first time in 2008 and set a best of 13:11.69 minutes for the distance at the Golden Spike Ostrava.
He broke through as a senior athlete in 2009, winning the Lotto Cross Cup de Hannut and finishing runner-up at the Cross Ouest France. He gained his first major international selection as a result and placed 15th at the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. He was runner-up over 5000 metres at the Ethiopian Athletics Championships and set a best of 28:39 minutes for the 10K run at the World 10K Bangalore at the end of the year. The focus of his 2010 season was a move up to the marathon distance, but he made only a modest debut at the low-key Maratón de Castellón, finishing eighth in a time of 2:20:36 hours.
Third place at the Jan Meda Cross Country saw him chosen for the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and there he shared in the team silver medal with Ethiopia through his twelfth place finish. A month later he won the Humarathon half marathon race with a course record of 59:42 minutes – a time which established him among the world's top road runners. He was very active in May: he won the 15 km du Puy-en-Velay, placed second at the national championships in the 10,000 m, then finished third at the Ottawa Marathon with a much improved best of 2:10:33 hours. Dino made his senior track debut at September's 2011 All-Africa Games and set a new personal best of 28:23.40 minuties for the 10,000 m, but did not win a medal.
Dino's run at the 2013 Dubai Marathon raised him to eighth place in the all-time marathon lists, as he was runner-up to Ayele Abshero with a time of 2:04:50 hours – this was the second fastest non-winning time at that point. He was selected for the Ethiopian marathon team at the 2012 Olympic Games, but he could not repeat his earlier form and dropped out of the Olympic race.
His next marathon outing came at the 2013 Tokyo Marathon, but his time of 2:09:13 hours saw him finish eighth in the field. Dino took victory at the Nice Half Marathon that April. He did not perform well in the rest of the season, finishing 14th in Bangalore and tenth at the Portugal Half Marathon and Falmouth Road Race. He entered the Frankfurt Marathon, but was some way off his best, recording 2:09:22 hours for seventh.

</doc>
<doc id="36617411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617411" title="Ollie Fahy">
Ollie Fahy

Oliver "Ollie" Fahy (born 1975) is an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Galway senior team. 
Fahy joined the team during the 1994-95 National League and subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2004 National League. During that time he won five consecutive Connacht medals and two National League medals.
At club level Fahy is a one-time county club championship medalist with Gort.

</doc>
<doc id="36617412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617412" title="Anton Kholyaznykov">
Anton Kholyaznykov

Anton Kholyaznykov (born 10 December 1986) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617452" title="Laurence B. Packard">
Laurence B. Packard

Laurence Bradford Packard was an American historian.
Early life.
He was born in Brockton, Massachusetts in 1887. He studied at Brockton High School. In 1909, he completed his A.B. degree from Harvard.
Education.
He completed his PhD in 1921. His PhD dealt with the age of Louis XIV.
Career.
He was a professor at the University of Rochester in 1913-1925.
He was a professor at Amherst College in 1925-1931.
Books.
His books include:

</doc>
<doc id="36617453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617453" title="Viktor Hrebennykov">
Viktor Hrebennykov

Viktor Hrebennykov (born 17 March 1986) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617456" title="Peter Wilson (record producer)">
Peter Wilson (record producer)

Peter Wilson is a UK record producer. Wilson has worked with The Style Council, Sham 69 and The Comsat Angels.
Career.
Wilson is a graduate of Surrey University where he studied under the Tonmeister music course. His industrial placement while on the Tonmeister course was with AIR Studios where he was assigned the role of Tape Operator for six months.
After leaving Surrey University he started to work as an engineer at Polydor Studios, working with Brian Eno, Neil Sedaka & Peggy Lee. After five years with Polydor Wilson decided to set up a freelance operation.
The Polydor Years.
The first work that established his career was his production of "Angels With Dirty Faces" by Sham 69. He went on to produce singles including "Hurry Up Harry" and If The Kids Are United" and four albums by Sham 69 and it was during this period that he also produced The Passions and four albums with The Comsat Angels. It was at Polydor that Wilson first worked with Paul Weller (then still with The Jam) on some demos which in turn led to Wilson producing the last Jam studio album "The Gift", and several singles including "Town Called Malice". He continued to work with Paul Weller with The Style Council, co-producing two studio albums and hits like "Speak Like A Child", Long Hot Summer" and "My Ever Changing Moods".
Other bands he produced include The Blow Monkeys (first two albums).
Discography.
Albums
Singles
References.
Home Studio Recording (UK) p28 (June 1984 Vol 1 Issue 9)

</doc>
<doc id="36617458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617458" title="Salah Abdel Maqsoud">
Salah Abdel Maqsoud

Salah Abdel Maqsoud (born 1958) (Arabic: صلاح عبد المقصود) is the minister of information of Egypt as part of the Qandil Cabinet.
Early life and education.
Maqsoud was born in 1958. He received a bachelor of arts degree in journalism from Cairo University in 1980.
Career.
Maqsoud is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood. He is a journalist, and was one of the leading figures in the Journalists' Syndicate. He began his journalist career in 1979 and mostly worked for Dar El Tahrir publication house. He wrote for various Islamist magazines such as "Dawa al Bashir" (1985), "the Banner of Islam" (1987 and 1994) and "Harvest of Thought" (1992). He also served as the head of the Arab Media Center, which is the media training center of the Muslim Brotherhood. 
Maqsoud became a member of the Freedom and Justice Party and worked as a spokesman during the election campaign of Mohamed Morsi. He also writes articles for the website of the party. He was appointed minister of information to the cabinet headed by Hisham Qandil on 2 August 2012, replacing Ahmed Anis. He and other FJP members in the cabinet resigned from office on 4 July 2013 following the 2013 coup in Egypt. His term officially ended on 16 July 2013 when the interim cabinet led by prime minister Hazem Al Beblawi was formed.

</doc>
<doc id="36617471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617471" title="Journal of Business and Psychology">
Journal of Business and Psychology

The Journal of Business and Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in organizational science. It publishes papers from industrial and organizational psychology, organizational behavior, human resources management, work psychology, occupational psychology, and vocational psychology. It was established in 1986 and is published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Steven G. Rogelberg (University of North Carolina at Charlotte).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Web of Science "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.730.

</doc>
<doc id="36617494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617494" title="Ivan Tymko">
Ivan Tymko

Ivan Tymko (born 26 July 1979) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617505" title="Ahmed Mekki">
Ahmed Mekki

Ahmed Mekki (born 1941) was the minister of justice of Egypt from 2 August 2012 until he submitted his resignation to President Morsi on 20 April 2013. He was a member of the Qandil Cabinet. Mekki was one of the independent ministers in the cabinet. He is the brother of the former vice president Mahmoud Mekki, who resigned from office on 22 December 2012.
Early life and education.
Mekki was born in 1941. He studied law at Alexandria University and graduated in 1961. 
Career.
Mekki is the former deputy head of the Court of Cassation, Egypt’s highest appeals court. He was also the chairman of the fact-finding Committee in the Egyptian Judges Club. 
On 2 August 2012, he began to serve as minister of justice in the cabinet led by prime minister Hesham Qandil, replacing Adel Abdel Hamid. Although Mekki was an independent member of the cabinet, he is close to the Muslim Brotherhood. Mekki resigned from office on 20 April 2013. His resignation was due to pressures of both the opposition and Brotherhood supporters. In a reshuffle of May 2013, Ahmed Sulaiman was appointed minister of justice, succeeding Mekki in the post. 
Views.
Mekki is a strong supporter of judicial independence. He was known as "a reformist judge", and "the revolution’s representative" in Qandil’s government. After his appointment, Mekki argued that Egypt is an Islamic state governed by Islamic traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="36617516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617516" title="Peanut Lolita">
Peanut Lolita

Peanut Lolita is the name of a whiskey and peanut-based liqueur produced in the 1960s and 1970s. The liquor was produced by Continental Distilling.

</doc>
<doc id="36617525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617525" title="Canine Therapy Corps">
Canine Therapy Corps

Overview.
Founded in 1991, Canine Therapy Corps (formerly Chenny Troupe, Inc.) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit animal-assisted therapy organization. It is located in Chicago, Illinois and serves nine health care, education and rehabilitation facilities in the Chicago metropolitan area. Canine Therapy Corps has two full-time staff, over 100 human volunteers, and approximately 60 certified therapy dogs. It is governed by a Board of Directors.
Programs.
Canine Therapy Corps runs programs within the following institutions:
Advocate Lutheran General Hospital
Ariella Joy Frankel Keshet Day School
Easter Seals Therapeutic School and Center for Autism Research
Haymarket Center
Lawrence Hall Youth Services
Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago
Swedish Covenant Hospital
The Clare at Water Tower

</doc>
<doc id="36617526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617526" title="Jimmy Haslam">
Jimmy Haslam

James Arthur "Jimmy" Haslam III (born March 1954) is the CEO of the Pilot Flying J truck stop chain and the current majority owner of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. On October 16, 2012, Haslam's $1 billion purchase of the Browns was unanimously approved by the 32 teams in the NFL; the sale itself closed on October 25, 2012. His father, fellow businessman Jim Haslam, founded the Pilot Flying J company in 1958 as the Pilot Oil Corporation.
Early life and education.
Haslam, who lives in his native Knoxville, Tennessee, is brother to Bill Haslam, the Governor of Tennessee.
While attending the University of Tennessee Haslam was a roommate of Bob Corker, the current United States Senator from Tennessee. He is a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity.
Haslam bought a minority interest in the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2008. In 2012, he reached an agreement with Browns owner Randy Lerner to purchase the franchise for $1 billion (USD). The Browns were valued at $977 million in 2011 by Forbes magazine, 20th in the NFL. Haslam's family also owns the Tennessee Smokies, a Class AA affiliate of the Chicago Cubs. NFL rules prohibit ownership in multiple teams and so Haslam sold his interest in the Steelers.
Haslam is under investigation after the FBI raided the headquarters of his company, Pilot Flying J, for illegally withholding millions of dollars in fuel rebates due to trucking customers. So far, seven employees have been charged with fraud. The company has negotiated an $85 million settlement with 5,500 customers.
Personal life.
Haslam is married to Susan "Dee" Bagwell Haslam, CEO of RIVR Media. They have two adult children, Whitney and Cynthia. Haslam is stepfather to Dee's son from a previous marriage, James Oakley.

</doc>
<doc id="36617534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617534" title="José Antonio Solano Moreno">
José Antonio Solano Moreno

José Antonio Solano Moreno (born 4 February 1985 in Cartagena, Region of Murcia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Wolfsberger AC in the Austrian Football Bundesliga, as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36617535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617535" title="Spain national football team results (2000–09)">
Spain national football team results (2000–09)

Those are all the matches played by the Spanish national football team between 2000 and 2009:
Results.
130 matches played:

</doc>
<doc id="36617538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617538" title="Artem Moroz">
Artem Moroz

Artem Moroz (born 28 March 1984) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617560" title="SS Burutu">
SS Burutu

A number of steamships were named Burutu, including

</doc>
<doc id="36617564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617564" title="Andriy Pryveda">
Andriy Pryveda

Andriy Pryveda (born 1 January 1986) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617568" title="Bankhead House">
Bankhead House

Bankhead House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617599" title="Kneser's theorem">
Kneser's theorem

Kneser's theorem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617621" title="Valentyn Kletskoy">
Valentyn Kletskoy

Valentyn Kletskoy (born 11 January 1985) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617634" title="German submarine U-270">
German submarine U-270

German submarine "U-270" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 15 October 1941 at the "Bremer-Vulkan-Vegesacker Werft" (yard) in Bremen as 'werk' 35. She was launched on 11 July 1942 and commissioned on 5 September under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Paul-Fredrich Otto.
In six patrols, she caused one British warship of to be declared a total loss. She was a member of seven wolf packs.
She was sunk in August 1944 in the Bay of Biscay by an Australian aircraft.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, the boat became operational on 1 April 1943 when she was transferred to the 6th flotilla.
1st and 2nd patrols.
"U-270"s first patrol began when she departed Kiel on 23 March 1943. She entered the Atlantic Ocean after negotiating the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. Two crew members were injured in bad weather on 4 April. She then docked at the French Atlantic port of St. Nazaire on 15 May.
For her second sortie, the boat moved through the Atlantic waters off northwest Spain.
3rd and 4th patrols.
She attacked the British frigate which caused the warship to be declared a total loss. During an attack on a convoy in mid-Atlantic, the boat's pressure hull was cracked by depth charges dropped by the escorts; the submarine was forced to return to base.
"U-270" was attacked by a British B-17 Flying Fortress on 6 January 1944 and succeeded in shooting the aircraft down, but not before sufficient damage was caused to force the U-boat to curtail the patrol.
5th patrol.
The submarine was returning to base after being attacked and badly damaged by a Vickers Wellington of No. 172 Squadron RAF, when she was attacked by a second Fortress, this time from 53 Squadron. This B-17 was also shot down, but did not cause any further damage to the boat.
6th patrol and loss.
"U-270" departed Lorient for the last time on 10 August 1944. In the Bay of Biscay, she was attacked and sunk by an Australian Sunderland flying boat of No. 461 Squadron RAAF on the 13th.
There were no deaths; seventy-one men survived.

</doc>
<doc id="36617646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617646" title="Serhiy Chykanov">
Serhiy Chykanov

Serhiy Chykanov (born 3 November 1979) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617648" title="Madrasah Asyakir">
Madrasah Asyakir

Madrasah Asyakir is an educational institution in Singapore that offers religious classes for youth and adults. Madrasah is an Arabic word that means "school" but in the present context a madrasah means an Islamic religious school. Syakir means thankful or grateful in Arabic.
Asyakir Learning Centre was founded in 1999 by Ustaz Radin Sharifuddin. From its humble beginnings, the centre has grown to an established educational institution that excels in instilling Islamic knowledge and values to its students.
It currently has only one branch, which is located at Block 812 Jurong West Street 81.
Teachers.
Their teachers are all madrasah graduates and have been accredited by Singapore’s Asatizah Recognition Board (ARB), and are certified to teach Islamic studies. ARB is an independent committee formed by the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) to oversee the professional conduct of all Islamic religious teachers in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="36617660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617660" title="Juan Flores (footballer born 1976)">
Juan Flores (footballer born 1976)

Juan Ángel Flores Ascencio (born 25 February 1976 in Lima) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Atlético Minero in the Peruvian Segunda División.
Club career.
Juan Flores made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the 1996 season playing for Ciclista Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="36617675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617675" title="2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Tempest">
2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Tempest

The Tempest was an event on the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games program at Lake Como, Italy. Six out of the nine scheduled race were entered. 30 sailors, on 15 boats, from 4 nations entered.
Venue overview.
Race area and Course.
Of the three Campo's (Race Area's) available for the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games at Lake Como Campo Charlie was used for the Tempest event. In general this Campo is situated in front of the city of Bellano.
For the 2012 edition of the Vintage Yachting Games three different courses were available. The Tempest could use course 1 or 2.
Wind conditions.
The Northern part of Lake Como was reportedly a thermic wind venue. In this time of year the normal situation is that at about 13:00 the Swiss mountains are heated up and a Southern wind hits the racing areas with about 10 to 14 knots. As result of this no races were scheduled in the morning. Unfortunately during the event the temperature in Switzerland were low. Also was the thermal South breeze battling with the gradient wind from the North. As result the actual wind did not came above the 8 knots during the races and was instable at times.
Campo Bravo has normally a tendency to have a slightly higher wind speed than the two other Campo's this due to the fact that it is more Northern than Charlie so that the Southern thermal breeze is strengthened and that the fact that the lake narrows in front of Dervio.
Races.
Summary.
In the Tempest six out of the planned nine races were completed.
In the Tempest class (Olympic between 1972 – 1976) the battle went between team of Cornelia Christen, Ruedi Christen from Switzerland and the team of president of the German Sailing Federation: Rolf Bähr, Christian Spranger. In the last two races the Swiss team showed their light air competencies and won both races. The Italian host team of Alessandro Castelli, Paolo Brambilla came in fourth after Klaus Wende, Max Reichert who took the bronze. The Tempest, known by the older sailors as a class for the heavy weightssailors, give a wonderful display of mixed team sailing.

</doc>
<doc id="36617676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617676" title="Doris Day (song)">
Doris Day (song)

Doris Day is a song from 1982 by Dutch band Doe Maar. It was the title-track off their third album "Doris Day en Andere Stukken" and became their first top 10-hit.
Bass-player Henny Vrienten, lead-vocalist alongside pianist Ernst Jansz, wrote "Doris Day" as a complaint about TV-boredom (which includes the screening of a Doris Day-movie) best tackled by pressing the off-button and going out. The original lyrics also mentioned movie-expert Simon van Collem, but this was altered to ""ein Wiener Operette"" when he appeared to be the father of the band's new drummer Rene (1961).
"Doris Day" catapulted the otherwise thirtysomething Doe Maar into superstardom, but overexposure and creative exhaustion would split them up two years later. Vrienten, who went on to write TV- and movie-soundtracks, told "Music Maker"-magazine in 1985: "You can flush "Doris Day" down the toilet anytime you like; it's the worst song I ever wrote. Rhyming for rhyming's sake, and stuff. And the worst thing of all is that it drew full crowd-participation every night".
Doe Maar reunited in 2000 for 25 shows including a record-breaking 16 nights at the Rotterdam Ahoy; "Doris Day" became a live staple again after its 1983-relegation to the encore-medley. The band staged further reunions since 2008; their headlining-performances at the 2012 Symphonica in Rosso-concert series mark the 30th anniversary of "Doris Day".

</doc>
<doc id="36617679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617679" title="Nadia Zakhary">
Nadia Zakhary

Nadia Eskandar Zakhary is the Egyptian Minister of Scientific Research since 2 August 2012. She is a member of the Qandil Cabinet. She is one of the independent ministers in the cabinet. Zachary is the only member in the cabinet who is a member of the Coptic Christian group, representing about 10% of the population.
Education and career.
Zakhary obtained a PhD in Medical Biochemistry from the University of Cairo. She was professor of biochemistry and tumour biology at Egypt’s National Cancer Institute. She was also the chair of the Department of Oncology at the Institute of Biology of tumors. She has more than 60 research publications in
international scientific journals. She also served as the minister of scientific research in the interim government headed by Kamal Ganzouri.

</doc>
<doc id="36617680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617680" title="Oleksandr Konovaliuk">
Oleksandr Konovaliuk

Oleksandr Konovaliuk (born 1 May 1978) is a Ukrainian rower. He competed in the Men's eight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617704" title="Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Trento and Rovereto">
Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Trento and Rovereto

The Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Trento and Rovereto (MART) ("Museo d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea di Trento e Rovereto", in Italian) is a museum centre in the Italian province of Trento. The main site is in Rovereto, and contains mostly modern and contemporary artworks, including works from renowned Giorgio Morandi, Giorgio de Chirico, Carlo Carrà and Fortunato Depero, who was born in Rovereto. Fortunato Depero's house in Rovereto (known as "Casa d'Arte Futurista Depero") is also part of the Museum.
The permanent collection of the MART contains more than 15,000 artworks, including paintings, drawings, engravings, and sculptures.

</doc>
<doc id="36617734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617734" title="Ramanpreet Singh">
Ramanpreet Singh

Ramanpreet Singh (born 19 January 1993) is an English cricketer. Singh is a right-handed top-order batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He was born at Newcastle upon Tyne and was educated at Gosforth Academy.
Singh made his debut in minor counties cricket for Northumberland against Cumberland in the 2009 Minor Counties Championship at Osborne Avenue, Jesmond. While part of Durham's cricket academy, Singh was selected to play for England Under-19s on their tour against Sri Lanka Under-19s in January 2011. He made four Youth One Day Internationals (YODIs) during the tour, before playing a further four YODIs against the same opposition during their tour to England in July of that year. He later made six YODIs against Bangladesh Under-19s during England Under-19s tour there in January 2012. In April 2012, he made three YODI appearances in a quadrangular tournament in Australia, making appearances against Australia Under-19s, India Under-19s and New Zealand Under-19s. He was named in England's preliminary thirty man squad for the 2012 ICC Under-19 World Cup, but was not selected in the final fifteen man squad.
During the 2012 season, Singh played his first match for Northumberland since his debut in 2009, making an MCCA Knockout Trophy appearance against Cambridgeshire. He made his first-class debut for Durham against the touring Australia A team at the Riverside Ground. Opening the batting with stand-in captain Mark Stoneman, Singh scored 22 runs in Durham's first-innings, before being dismissed by Alister McDermott, while in Durham's second-innings he was dismissed for 12 by the same bowler.

</doc>
<doc id="36617753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617753" title="Frederik Schuh">
Frederik Schuh

Frederik Schuh (7 February 1875, Amsterdam – 6 January 1966, The Hague) was a Dutch mathematician.
Career.
He completed his PhD in algebraic geometry from Amsterdam University in 1905, where his advisor was Diederik Johannes Korteweg. He taught at the Technische Hoogeschool at Delft (1907–1909 and 1916–1945) and at Groningen (1909–1916).
Works.
He was the inventor of the Chomp game and wrote "The Master Book of Mathematical Recreations" (1943).

</doc>
<doc id="36617788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617788" title="Mostafa Mussad">
Mostafa Mussad

Mostafa El Said Mussad is the former minister of higher education of Egypt. He was part of the Qandil Cabinet and is a member of the Freedom and Justice Party. He is described as Islamist engineering professor by Ashraf Khaled.
Education.
Mussad graduated from Cairo University in 1973.
Career.
Mussad is an engineering professor. He worked at Cairo University's faculty of enginerring and was the head of the education committee for the Muslim Brotherhood’s Freedom and Justice Party. He was a member of the team in charge of Morsi's presidential campaign. And he developed the educational policy for his campaign.
He was appointed minister of higher education as part of the Qandil cabinet on 2 August 2013, and was one of the Freedom and Justice Party members serving in the cabinet. It was his first cabinet post. Mussad's term ended on 16 July 2013. Hossam Eisa replaced him in the post.

</doc>
<doc id="36617796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617796" title="Rudbjerggaard">
Rudbjerggaard

Rudbjerggaard, situated 7 km south of Nakskov, is the only half-timbered manor house on the island of Lolland in south-eastern Denmark.
History.
Early history.
The first known reference to Rudbjerggaard is from 1231 when it is mentioned as crown land in the Danish Census Book. The first more widely known owner of the estate was Mogens Ebbesøn, for many years the king's vassal first at Aalholm Castle and later Koldinghus. His family owned Rudbjerggaard for more than a century.
Mogens Grubbe acquired Rudbjerggaard in 1555 but already the following year sold it to Erik Rud from the manors of Fuglsang and Møgelkær. The first part of "Rudbjerggaard", "rud-", originally derives from the Danish for "rye" but is later associated with his family name. 
Knud Rud's new house.
Around the turn of the century, Erik Rud's son,Knud Eriksen Rud, who had taken over the house in 1502, constructed a new seat on the estate, probably completed in 1606 since that date features on the staircase tower of the main wing. Knud Rud married Ellen Marsvin on 1 January 1607 but died a few years later, in 1611, making her twice a widow at the age of 39. Before his death, Rud granted Rudbjerggaard to Marsvin's daughter by her first husband, Kirsten Munk, who would become morganatically married to the widowed King Christian IV in 1615. However, due to her young age, her mother, who was an accomplished business on the way to becoming one of the richest landowners in Denmark, managed the estate on her behalf, until selling it with the king's permission in 1616, probably due to its remote location.
Up through the century, Rudbjerggaard grew considerably, although hit hard by the Swedish Wars. MMost of the complex was demolished in the 18th and 19th century but the east wing was spared and later extended in both directions to form the present building. The large staircase tower is in masonry while the rest of the building is timber-framed. 
Reventlow era.
In 1891, the estate was acquired by Count Ludvig Eduard Alexander Reventlow, born at nearby Pederstrup Manor, and has been owned by the Reventlow von Rosens since that day.
Architecture.
The current house is the main wing of Rud's originally three- or four-winged complex from 1606. It is built in timber framing, except for the octagonal staircase tower, which is in dressed masonry. The house is still surrounded by the original moats.
Rudbjerggaard today.
Rudbjerggaard covers 459 hectares of farmland and 392 hectares of forest. Fredsholm covers 914 hectares of farmland and 129 hectares of forest.

</doc>
<doc id="36617797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617797" title="Richard of Lavenham">
Richard of Lavenham

Richard of Lavenham (fl. 1380) was an English Carmelite, known as a scholastic philosopher. He is now remembered for his approach to the problem of future contingents.
Life.
He was born at Lavenham, Suffolk, and, after becoming a Carmelite friar at Ipswich, studied at the University of Oxford, where he is said to have graduated D.D.; but in the colophon to his tract against John Purvey he is called simply 'magister'. 
Lavenham was later prior of the Carmelite house at Bristol.
Works.
Lavenham enjoyed a reputation as a theologian and schoolman. John Bale gives a list of sixty-one treatises ascribed to him, De Villiers names sixty-two, and Davy sixty-three. In Sloane MS. 3899 (fourteenth century) there are twenty-four short treatises by Lavenham on logical subjects ('De Propositionibus,' 'De Terminis,' &c.). Other extant works ascribed to Lavenham are: 
Among the other treatises given by De Villiers are 'Abbreviationes Bedæ' (it has been suggested that this is the abbreviation printed by Abraham Wheloc in his edition of Bede), 'Compendium Gualteri Reclusi' (perhaps Walter Hilton), 'De Fundatione sui Ordinis,' a treatise called 'Clypeus Paupertatis' (suggesting Lavenham had taken part in the controversy concerning evangelical poverty), a commentary on Aristotle's 'Ethics,' tracts on physics and astronomy ('De Cœlo et Mundo,' 'De Proprietatibus Elementorum'), together with 'Quæstiones,' sermons, and similar works.

</doc>
<doc id="36617812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617812" title="Tarek Wafik">
Tarek Wafik

Tarek Wafik Mohamed is an Egyptian politician and the former minister of housing of Egypt. He was part of the Qandil Cabinet. He was the first housing minister of Egypt who is a specialist in urban development.
Education.
Wafik studied architecture at Cairo university. He received a PhD in natural resources and planning from the University of Colorado.
Career.
Wafik is an urban planning professional and economics expert. He served as an urban planning professor at Cairo University. He also dealt with business activities and headed the Eco Plan Consulting, a private firm based in Giza. He is a member of the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) and also, a member of the party’s high board. Wafik developed the regional and urban dimensions of the Muslim Brotherhood's the Renaissance Project and is head of the FJP’s internal housing committee. He is also one of the members of the Engineers Syndicate after the Muslim Brotherhood won the majority of its seats. He headed the housing portfolio during Morsi’s presidential campaign. 
He was appointed minister of housing in August 2012, replacing Fathi El Baradie. He was one of the FJP members serving in the Qandil cabinet. Wafik's term ended on 16 July 2013 when the interim government led by Hazem Al Beblawi was formed.

</doc>
<doc id="36617815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617815" title="Xiangtang (disambiguation)">
Xiangtang (disambiguation)

Xiangtang may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="36617820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617820" title="Potato paradox">
Potato paradox

The potato paradox is a mathematical calculation that results in an un-intuitive result. However it also is another name for the potato-effect, an economical paradox that was discovered in the potato-famine in Ireland in the 1840s. It describes how the law of demand in economical recessions favors cheap products which in turn become more expensive than higher quality products.
Description.
The paradox has been described as:
"You have 100 pounds of Martian potatoes, which are 99 percent water by weight. You let them dehydrate until they’re 98 percent water. How much do they weigh now?"
The Universal Book of Mathematics states the problem as follows:
It is not really a paradox, but most people find the answer counter-intuitive.
Explanation.
One explanation begins by saying that initially the non-water weigh is 1 pound, which is 1% of 100 pounds. Then one asks: 1 pound is 2% of how many pounds? In order that that percentage be twice as big, the total weight must be half as big.
An explanation via algebra is as follows.
The weight of water in the fresh potatoes is formula_1. 
If formula_2 is the weight of water lost from the potatoes when they dehydrate then formula_3 is the weight of water in the dehydrated potatoes. Therefore
Expanding brackets and simplifying
Subtracting the smaller formula_2 term from each side
And solving
Which gives the lost water as
And the dehydrated weight of the potatoes as
A less rigorous explanation that may be more intuitive is as follows.
100 lbs of potatoes, 99% water (by weight), means that there’s 99 lbs of water, and 1 lb of solids. It’s a 1:99 ratio.
If the water decreases to 98%, then the solids account for 2% of the weight. The 2:98 ratio reduces to 1:49. Since the solids still weigh 1 lb, the water must weigh 49 lbs.

</doc>
<doc id="36617830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617830" title="Osama Yassin">
Osama Yassin

Osama Yassin (born 25 December 1964) is the former minister of youth of Egypt. He was part of the Qandil Cabinet and one of the five Freedom and Justice (FJP) members in the first cabinet. He is also one of the leading members of the FJP.
Early life and education.
Yassin was born on 25 December 1964. He received a BS in medicine and surgery in 1989 and a master’s degree in pediatric medicine in 1994.
Career.
Yassin served as a medical specialist and advisor in the pediatric unit of Ain Shams University's hospital from 1994 to 2010. He is a member of the World Allergy Organization and a founding member of the Egyptian Pediatric Allergy and Immunity Group.
Political career.
Yassin is one of the very active Brotherhood members since he joined the group in 1985 and became the spokesperson for the group. He was a member of the Brotherhood’s central Cairo administrative office from 2005 to 2011. He is a member of the so-called "iron organization," a strong, committed faction in the Brotherhood led by Khairat Al Shater, who is the Brotherhood’s first deputy chairman and the deputy general guide.
During Egyptian Revolution of 2011, he acted as the group’s field coordinator. In fact, he was the de facto "security chief" in Tahrir Square during the protests that had resulted in toppling of the former President Hosni Mubarak. After the revolution, he took part in the establishment of the Freedom and Justice Party, and he was elected to the People’s Assembly in November 2011. In January 2012, he was named the chairman of the parliamentary Youth Committee. He was among the potential candidates for the head of the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) after the election of President Mohamed Morsi. He is also the assistant secretary-general of the FJP. In addition, he is a member of the Constituent Assembly that drafted Egypt’s new constitution.
He was appointed minister of youth to the Qandil cabinet on 2 August 2012. He and other FJP members in the cabinet resigned from office on 4 July 2013 following the 2013 coup in Egypt. His term officially ended on 16 July 2013 when the interim government led by Hazem Al Beblawi was formed.

</doc>
<doc id="36617835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617835" title="Frantz Johannes Hansen">
Frantz Johannes Hansen

Frantz Johannes Hansen (September 4, 1810 in Copenhagen - March 14, 1852) was a Danish author and was also an amateur musician. He is buried at Assistens Cemetery in Copenhagen.
Life.
Frantz Johannes Hansen showed poetic talents at an early age. He studied with Hans Christian Andersen, and also took classes from Christoph Ernst Friedrich Weyse in 1828. While studying in college, Hansen published some poems in 1832 and his book, "Reading the Fine World." From this book he received the nickname "Fine Hansen." In 1834, Hansen received a law degree, which later earned him a modest living, first working in the Archives Office. In 1848, he worked with the Ministry of Justice. Hansen, who enjoyed the outdoors, felt trapped inside his workplace. However, in his leisure time he continued to pursue his literary ambitions: in 1839 he issued a volume of Romantic poems, which contained one of his most famous pieces, "The Corsair and his Bride." Under the pseudonym Torkel Trane, he published the novel "Light Mind and frivolity". Hansen attempted dramatic writing, some of which appeared at the Royal Danish Theatre, but did not have a successful debut. A comedy, "The Little Secret," was performed several times in 1894, and was probably his most successful dramatic work. After Hansen's death, a collection of Lyrical Poems (1852) was published with a preface that gives a brief biography of the writer.
Notable works include "6 Galopper til Studenterforeningen" (1836).

</doc>
<doc id="36617837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617837" title="Osama Saleh">
Osama Saleh

Osama Saleh (born 1960) is an Egyptian economist, who served as the minister of investment of Egypt from 2 August 2012 to 7 May 2013. He was part of the Qandil Cabinet. He stayed as investment minister in the 2013 interim government.
Early life and education.
Saleh was born in 1960. He is a graduate of the faculty of commerce at Cairo University and graduated in 1982.
Career.
Saleh was the chairman of the Egyptian Mortgage Finance Authority (EMF) from 2005 to July 2009. In September 2009, he was appointed chairman of the General Authority for Investment (GAFI) under Nazif’s cabinet. He is also a board member of the Egyptian Financial Supervisory Authority. In addition, he also served as Regional Manager of American Express Bank Ltd. He has been a visitor professor of finance at American University in Cairo since 2008.
In August 2012, he was appointed minister of investment as part of the Qandil cabinet. This ministry was disestablished during the Mobarak era. His term ended on 7 May 2013 and he was succeeded by Yehya Hamed in the post in a cabinet reshuffle. On 16 July 2013, Saleh was again appointed minister of investment to the interim cabinet led by Hazem Al Beblawi, replacing Yehya Hamed.

</doc>
<doc id="36617844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617844" title="Osama Kamal">
Osama Kamal

Osama Kamal (born 5 April 1959) was the Egyptian minister of petroleum and mineral resources. He was sworn into President Mohamad Morsi's cabinet, the Qandil Cabinet, on 2 August 2012, following the 2011–2012 Egyptian uprising that deposed President Hosni Mubarak. He was in office until 6 May 2013.
Early life and education.
Kamal was born on 5 April 1959 in the Nile Delta city Zagazig. He attended Cairo University and graduated from the chemistry department in 1982. Kamal began his career at the state-owned Engineering for Petroleum and Process Industries (Enppi) as an engineer. A few years later, Kamal switched to another public-sector energy company, known as Petrojet.
The Egyptian Petrochemicals Holding Company.
Osama Kamal helped establish Egyptian Petrochemicals Holding Company (Echem) in 2002, which belongs to Egypt's petroleum ministry, and is mandated with managing and developing Egypt's petrochemicals industry. Kamal was appointed chairman of Echem in 2009. While Kamal was in charge of Echem, a crisis erupted pertaining the Agrium fertiliser plant in the Nile Delta city of Damietta. In 2008, Agrium, which is 30% owned by Echem, was faced with a popular campaign that alleged that the factory was bad for the environment, causing Egypt's government to abruptly cancel the project. Agrium was offered a 26% stake in the state-owned Egyptian fertilizer producer MOPCO instead. However, the project resumed in 2011, which dragged Agrium and Echem into more controversy. During his tenure at Echem, Kamal was one of the close aides of then petroleum minister Sameh Fahmi.
Carbon Holdings.
Currently Eng. Osama Kamal resides on the board of the Egyptian industrial company, Carbon Holdings. In addition he acts as a Chief Strategy Officer.
Political career.
On 2 August 2012, Kamal was sworn into the Qandil Cabinet, as the minister of petroleum and mineral resources. His term ended on 7 May 2013 and he was replaced by Sherif Haddara in the post.
Personal life.
Kamal is married and has three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36617856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617856" title="University of Edinburgh School of Health in Social Science">
University of Edinburgh School of Health in Social Science

The School of Health in Social Science at the University of Edinburgh is a department undertaking research and teaching into health, health policy and related fields.
The school offers postgraduate degrees in Clinical Psychology, Counselling and Psychotherapy, Dementia, Health and Social Care and Nursing Studies, together with an honours degree in Nursing Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="36617857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617857" title="Insider threat">
Insider threat

An Insider Threat is a malicious threat to an organization that comes from people within the organization, such as employees, former employees, contractors or business associates, who have inside information concerning the organization's security practices, data and computer systems. The threat may involve fraud, the theft of confidential or commercially valuable information, the theft of intellectual property, or the sabotage of computer systems.
Overview.
Insiders may have accounts giving them legitimate access to computer systems, with this access originally having been given to them to serve in the performance of their duties; these permissions could be abused to harm the organization. Insiders are often familiar with the organization's data and intellectual property as well as the methods that are in place to protect them. This makes it easier for the insider to circumvent any security controls of which they are aware. Physical proximity to data means that the insider does not need to hack into the organizational network through the outer perimeter by traversing firewalls; rather they are in the building already, often with direct access to the organization's internal network. Insider threats are harder to defend against than attacks from outsiders, since the insider already has legitimate access to the organization's information and assets.
An insider may attempt to steal property or information for personal gain, or to benefit another organization or country. The threat to the organization could also be through malicious software left running on its computer systems by former employees, a so-called Logic bomb.
Research Centers.
Insider threat is an active area of research in academia and government.
The CERT Coordination Center at Carnegie-Mellon University maintains the CERT Insider Threat Center, which includes a database of more than 700 cases of insider threats, including instances of fraud, theft and sabotage; the database is used for research and analysis. CERT's Insider Threat Team also maintains an informational blog to help organizations and businesses defend themselves against insider crime.
Research findings.
A report published in July 2012 on the insider threat in the U.S. financial sector gives some statistics on insider threat incidents: 80% of the malicious acts were committed at work during working hours; 81% of the perpetrators planned their actions beforehand; 33% of the perpetrators were described as "difficult" and 17% as being "disgruntled. The insider was identified in 74% of cases. Financial gain was a motive in 81% of cases, revenge in 23% of cases, and 27% of the people carrying out malicious acts were in financial difficulties at the time.
The US Department of Defense Personnel Security Research Center published a report that describes approaches for detecting insider threats. Earlier it published ten case studies of insider attacks by information technology professionals
Forensically investigating insider data theft is notoriously difficult, and requires novel techniques such as stochastic forensics.

</doc>
<doc id="36617859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617859" title="Munif al-Razzaz">
Munif al-Razzaz

Munif al-Razzaz was a Syrian Ba'athist who was the second, and last, Secretary General of the National Command of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party, having been elected to the post at the 8th National Congress held in April 1965.
Biography.
Early years.
Razzaz was born in Syria in 1919 but was raised in Jordan. His family left Syria because his father was accused by the French authorities in Syria of collaborating with the rebels during the Great Syrian Revolt. In 1937 Razzaz was given scholarship at the American University in Beirut after having spent a brief period studying in Cairo. He studied law at Amman Arab University, and became a member of the Jordanese Regional Branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party in 1950. Razzaz was one of the co-founders of the Ba'athist Regional Branch in Jordan, and he promoted the Ba'athist ideology through his writings in national newspapers. From 1955 to 1957, the Jordanese Ba'athists were a leading voice in the anti-King Hussein movement. Razzaz criticised the King Hussein's support of the Baghdad Pact, and his stance towards Gamal Abdel Nasser, the President of Egypt. Because of his anti-monarchy activities Razzaz was imprisoned in 1956, 1958, 1959 and 1960.
In the aftermath of the Ramadan Revolution which brought the Iraqi Ba'ath Branch to power in Iraq, Razzaz along with fellow Ba'athist Abdallah abd al-Da'im, was given the task of formulating a political programme which was supposed to be broadcast to the Iraqi people.
National Command.
Razzaz was elected Secretary General of the National Command at the 8th National Congress in April 1965, and succeeded Aflaq in office. However, Razzaz was not rooted enough in Syrian affairs to find a solution to the crisis which was taking hold in Syria. In November 1965, the National Command passed a resolution which forbade the Syrian Regional Command to appoint or relieve officers. The Military Committee led by Salah Jadid responded immediately by rebelling. Razzaz then convened an emergency session of the National Command which decreed the dissolution of Yusuf Zu'ayyin's government and the Syrian Regional Command, while they decreed the establishment of a new leadership for Syria; al-Bitar became Prime Minister, Muhammad Umran became Minister of Defence, Amin al-Hafiz became Chairman of a new Presidential Council, and Mansur al-Atrash became Chairman of the National Revolutionary Council. Jadid and his supporters replied by carrying out the 1966 Syrian coup d'état which led to the downfall of the National Command and the moderate faction within the Ba'ath Party.
Later years.
Following the downfall of Michel Aflaq, Salah al-Din al-Bitar and the moderates in general in the 1966 coup, Razzaz went underground. He became the only member of the old National Command to put up any resistance against Jadid's neo-Ba'athist regime. On his ascension to office, Razzaz relationship with Aflaq deteriorated even if it was the Military Committee, and not Razzaz, who forced him from office.
Shortly after the 1966 coup, Colonel Salim Hatum began planning a conspiracy which would topple the Jadid regime. Hatum forged an alliance with Razzaz, encouraged by messages from comrades from the old National Command, began recruiting military officers to his cause. He managed to form a Military Committee led by Druze officer Major General Fahd al-Sha'ir. The coup was discovered by the authorities in August 1966, and Razzaz and fellow conspirators were forced either into hiding or into Lebanon. Razzaz period underground had unsettled him mentally, a state of mind which becomes apparent in his book "The Bitter Experience", published in 1967. He became a member of the Palestinian Iraqi-aligned Ba'athist organisation Arab Liberation Front in 1966, and through it, rose through the Iraqi-dominated Ba'athist structure. In 1977 he became a member of the Iraqi-dominated National Command. Razzaz was put under house arrest in Baghdad on the orders of Saddam Hussein because of his political views. He died in house arrest in 1984.
Thought.
In the article "Ba'ath Socialism" in the Iraqi newspaper "Iraq Today" Razzaz stated that Ba'athist socialism was scientific socialism, and that it "was the natural and inevitable response to the contradictions between the Arab nation and home land, with colonialism, imperialism and backwardness, both inherited and recent. It is a natural response to natural struggle blended with class struggle." Razzaz laid emphasis on the fact that Ba'athist socialism was both scientific and moral, and that Ba'athist socialism was a form of Third World Socialism and not the form of socialism of the First, Second, Third or Fourth Internationals. These forms of socialism derived "their character from pure class contradictions inside imperialist industrialised societies. It is a socialism which draws its basic properties from the contradictions of the Third World with imperialism on the one hand, and backwardness on the other". Ba'athist socialism, in his mind, opposed full state ownership of the economy, but supported state ownership over the heights of the economy. In his influential 1957 article "Why Socialism Now?" Razzaz states; "Socialism is a way of life, not just an economic order. It extends to all aspects of life – economics, politics, training, education, social life, health, morals, literature, science, history, and others both great and small. Socialism, freedom and unity are not different names for different things ... but different facets of one basic law from which they spring." Together with Michel Aflaq and Gamal al-Atasi Razzaz wrote "Articles on Socialism" in 1974.
In a paper entitled "Arab nationalism" Razzaz asserts that Arab nationalist ideology is "the driving force behind the Arabs in their struggle to create a progressive nation that can hold on its own with the nations of the world." Razzaz believed that the Arabs had a sense of belonging to an Arab identity which could be traced back to pre-Islamic days. He believed that the Arab world was first confronted by Western colonialism at the beginning of the 16th century in the Persian Gulf and the Indian Ocean. The 1948 Arab–Israeli War "which brought the humiliating defeat of the Arabs by a handful of Jews, was the last straw that destroyed any remnants of confidence between the ruling classes on one side and the masses on the other." Resentments towards the Western powers for creating Israel could never be forgotten Razzaz believed, and the creation of Israel led to the popular demand of an end to all Western tutelage in the Arab world. Razzaz claimed that Arab nationalism was the conflict between two forces; the reactionary classes and the masses. The reactionary classes were inefficient vassals of Western capitalist imperialism who had betrayed the nation, while the masses were "anti-imperialist, anti-capitalist and anti-Zionist, and in favour of unity, freedom, socialism and neutralism."

</doc>
<doc id="36617865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617865" title="Brokenhearted">
Brokenhearted

Brokenhearted may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617892" title="American Monthly Magazine">
American Monthly Magazine

American Monthly Magazine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617901" title="Carrozza">
Carrozza

Carrozza (foaled 1954) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from May 1956 until July 1957, the filly ran seven times and won three races for her owner Queen Elizabeth II. As a three-year-old she finished fourth in the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket before winning Oaks at Epsom. She was retired to stud after one further race and had some success as a broodmare.
Background.
Carrozza was a dark-coated bay or brown filly bred by the British national Stud and leased for racing purposes to the British monarch, Elizabeth II. The filly was sired by Dante the winner of the 1945 Epsom Derby out of the mare Calash, a daughter of Hyperion. Calash was a sister of the outstanding racemare Sun Chariot who won three Classics for King George VI in 1942, and of Sister Sarah, the grandam of Santa Claus.
The Queen sent her filly into training with Noel Murless at his Warren Place stables in Newmarket.
Racing career.
Carrozza began her racing career in May 1956 when she won the Rosemary Plate at Hurst Park Racecourse. The filly missed most of the season after falling in a training accident and injuring her back so severely that she was confined to her box for six weeks. Carrozza did not reappear until October, when she finished fourth in the Prendergast Stakes and fourth again in the Criterion Stakes at the same course two weeks later.
On her three-year-old debut, Carrozza contested the Princess Elizabeth Stakes at Epsom in April. She won the race, a trial for the fillies Classics, by defeating the highly regarded French filly Rose Royale by half a length. In the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket less than two weeks later, Carrozza started favourite at odds of 4/1 and finished fourth of the twenty runners behind Rose Royale, Sensualita and Angelet.
In the Oaks at Epsom a month later, Carrozza, ridden by Lester Piggott, started at odds of 100/8 in a field of eleven runners, being less fancied than the Queen's other runner, Mulberry Harbour. Piggott sent Carrozza into the lead a furlong from the finish and looked set for a comfortable win until the Irish-trained grey Silken Glider emerged with a late challenge. In a "desperate finish" the royal filly prevailed by a short head after a photo-finish. The favourite Rose Royale, who appeared unsuited by the firm ground, finished three lengths further back in third. Carrozza was led into the winner's circle by her owner: the filly was initially reluctant but acquiesced after the Queen gave the lead strap a "mighty jerk". Later in the year, Silken Glider was successful in the Irish Oaks, while Rose Royale won the Prix du Moulin and the Champion Stakes. In July, Carrozza started odds-on favourite for the Nassau Stakes at Goodwood, but finished fourth behind Swallowswift. Carrozza returned from the race lame and was retired to stud.
Carrozza's prize of £16,101 for winning the Oaks, enabled the Queen to be the leading owner in Britain in 1957.
Retirement.
Carrozza began her breeding career at the National stud, before being sold for 20,000 guineas to the British Bloodstock Agency in 1964. She produced three minor winners including Battle Wagon, who was exported to New Zealand where he sired the Wellington Cup winner Battle Heights. Carrozza's daughter, Caromata, produced the Grand Prix de Paris winner Matahawk. Carrozza was exported to the United States in 1966 and to Argentina in 1975.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Carrozza an "inferior" winner of the Oaks.

</doc>
<doc id="36617908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617908" title="Cristiana Proietti">
Cristiana Proietti

Cristiana Proietti is a designer based in Los Angeles, creator of the cashmere clothing line "Cris". 
Proietti was born and raised in Italy, and moved to North America in the late 80's.
After working as the head designer and Design Director for many public companies such as bebe, Guess, and Arden B., she decided to develop and distribute her own line of colorful contemporary and sexy cashmere clothing, she debuted in New York at the Fashion Coterie in 2004 and she started financing her own designs and distribution for "Cris" starting fall 2004. Cris has been distributed and sold in boutiques and stores all over the world, including Barneys, Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus in the USA and Harvey Nichold and Brown in the United Kingdom. Proietti is also the creative director of Cristiana Proietti Design Studio (CPDS), a Los Angeles creative service created to service the fashion industry needs in the fashion industry. It was established in 2003, prior to the opening of "Cris".

</doc>
<doc id="36617924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617924" title="2012–13 A.S. Roma season">
2012–13 A.S. Roma season

The 2012–13 season was Roma's 85th in existence and 80th season in the top flight of Italian football. The pre-season started with the June hiring of former manager Zdeněk Zeman. Zeman replaced Luis Enrique who resigned at the end of the 2011–12 season. Enrique's lone season reign saw the disappointing loss to Slovan Bratislava in the Europa League as well as the inability to qualify for international competitions for the 2012–13 season. Roma eventually finished 7th, losing the Europa League chase to rivals Lazio, Napoli and Internazionale.
Zeman brought back his high scoring 4–3–3 formation and his hard working ethic which successfully guided former team Pescara to the Serie A. He was, however, sacked on 2 February 2013. Roma will also compete in the Coppa Italia starting in the round of 16. Which they by January reached the semi-finals.
Current squad.
"As of 11 August 2012"
Transfers.
In.
Total spending: €16.75M
Out.
Total income: €18M
Net Income: €1.25M
Loan.
In.
Total spending: €12.5M
Out.
Total income: €0.7M
Net Income: €11.8M
Competitions.
Serie A.
Matches.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coppa Italia.
Roma will enter into the Round of 16 in the 2012–13 Coppa Italia. In the previous competition Roma entered in the Round of 16, defeating Fiorentina 3–0 before losing to Juventus 3–0.
Squad Statistics.
Appearances and goals.
! colspan="10" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
! colspan="10" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
! colspan="10" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
! colspan="10" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Strikers
Top scorers.
This includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
!width=15|
!width=15|
!width=15|
!width=15|
!width=150|Name
!width=80|Serie A
!width=80|Coppa Italia
!width=80|Total
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by position, and then shirt number.
!colspan=4|
!colspan=3|Serie A'"
!colspan=3|Coppa Italia"'
!colspan=3|Total
!width="7%"|No. 
!width="7%"|Position
!width="7%"|Nation
!width="14%"|Name
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!width=60|
!colspan=13 |Goalkeepers
!colspan=13 |Defenders
!colspan=13 |Midfielders
!colspan=13 |Forwards

</doc>
<doc id="36617944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617944" title="University of Edinburgh School of Social and Political Sciences">
University of Edinburgh School of Social and Political Sciences

The School of Social and Political Sciences at the University of Edinburgh is a department undertaking research and teaching into politics, international relations, social anthropology, social Policy, social work and sociology. The school also includes the Institute of Governance, the ESRC Centre for Social and Economic Research on Innovation in Genomics (INNOGEN), and the Centres of African Studies, Canadian Studies and South Asian Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="36617970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617970" title="List of state leaders in 355 BC">
List of state leaders in 355 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36617977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617977" title="Künga Gyaltsen">
Künga Gyaltsen

Künga Gyaltsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36617985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617985" title="Coin rotation paradox">
Coin rotation paradox

The Coin Rotation Paradox is a paradox which results when one coin is rotated around another coin on a single plane.
Description.
The problem begins with two identical coins. One is rotated around the other without slipping so that it ends up on the opposite side of the other coin from where it began. It has made a single rotation, yet has only rolled a distance equal to half of its circumference.
This can be visualised by placing two coins that are touching each other at one point flat on a table. Let both of them have the heads side up and be parallel to each other. Now keeping one coin stationary, rotate the other coin such that there is always one point of contact. Rotate until it reaches the opposite side. Now the coins will be again parallel to each other, contrary to our intuition.
Solution.
The rolling coin actually participates in two separate motions not unlike the moon relative to the earth:
The point of contact on both the stationary coin and the rotating coin must move the same distance, half the circumference of the coin. For example, the point of contact has moved from its right side to its left side. Correspondingly, the point of contact on the rotating coin must move from its left side to its right side. This means the rotating coin has made one full rotation about its own center while its center has made one half rotation about the stationary coin.

</doc>
<doc id="36617987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617987" title="Kylie Adams">
Kylie Adams

Kylie Adams is an American fiction author of young-adult fiction novels and Contemporary romance, Women's fiction, Chick Lit & Holiday Contemporary Romance novels and short stories.
The Only Thing Better Than Chocolate and Santa Baby, Holiday Contemporary Romance short story collections in which she contributed to were USA Today Bestsellers and many of her works have been translated into several languages.
Personal life.
Kylie Adams lives in the Southwestern United States.
Books.
Source: Fiction Database
Stand-Alone Novels.
"Fly Me To The Moon" (2001)
"Baby, Baby" (2002)
"Ex-Girlfriends" (2005)
"Beautiful Liars" (2008)
Holiday Romance Anthologies.
The Only Thing Better Than Chocolate (with Janet Dailey and Sandra Sandra Steffen) (2001)
The Night Before Christmas (with Lori Foster, Erin McCarthy, Jill Shalvis, Kathy Love, and Katherine Garbera) (2006)
Santa Baby (with Lisa Plumley, Elaine Coffman and Lisa Jackson) (2011)
So Little Time Series.
Dating Game (2003)
New York Minute Series.
The Secret of Jane's Success (2004)
The Bridesmaid Chronicles.
"Kylie Adam's did not write nor was she credited for any further books in this series."
The Bridesmaid Chronicles: First Kiss (2005)

</doc>
<doc id="36617994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36617994" title="List of state leaders in 354 BC">
List of state leaders in 354 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36618003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618003" title="Kohvik Moon">
Kohvik Moon

Kohvik Moon is a restaurant in Tallinn, Estonia, located near the Viking Line harbour.
The restaurant focuses on simple food. Despite its small size and non-central location, it is so popular that since its opening in December 2010, the restaurant was almost full of customers every day for several months, and its owners often had to work almost round the clock. The restaurant was chosen as the best restaurant in Tallinn of the year in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36618014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618014" title="Lynn McCafferty">
Lynn McCafferty

Lynn McCafferty (born 1979) is a British handball player. She plays for the British national team, and competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36618019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618019" title="Wendt W-2 Swift">
Wendt W-2 Swift

The Wendt W-2 Swift was a two seat, single engine, braced high wing monoplane built in the USA just before World War II. Only one was built.
Design and development.
The Wendt Aircraft Co. was formed in February 1939 to build the W-2 Swift, the prototype of which turned out to be their only product. It had a high braced wing, built around two spruce spars. The ribs were made of spruce and birch with steel wire internal bracing. Its leading and trailing edges were metal, with fabric elsewhere. The wing was braced on either side by pairs of V-form, steel struts mounted on the lower fuselage longerons. The fuselage was a chrome molybdenum steel tube structure, fabric covered over plywood formers and spruce stringers. The enclosed cabin, which seated two side-by-side with dual control, was under the wing, with the 90 hp (67 kW) single row radial LeBlond engine mounted immediately ahead of it under a clean NACA cowling in the short nose.
The tail unit was metal framed and fabric covered. The tailplane was externally braced and the elevators carried trim tabs. The fin was straight edged but the rudder, which extended to the bottom of the fuselage and worked in a cut-out between the elevators, had a full, curved trailing edge.
The Swift had a fixed, conventional undercarriage with faired main legs and wheels, rubber shock absorbers and half-axles hinged under the fuselage. The main wheels had brakes and the tailwheel was steerable.

</doc>
<doc id="36618024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618024" title="List of state leaders in 353 BC">
List of state leaders in 353 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36618032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618032" title="José Daniel Ferrer García">
José Daniel Ferrer García

José Daniel Ferrer García (born c. 1971) is a fisherman and Cuban dissident from Santiago de Cuba. A member of the Christian Liberation Movement (MCL) founded by Oswaldo Payá, he participated in collecting signatures for the Varela Project, in which 25,000 signatories petitioned the Cuban government to guarantee freedom of speech and freedom of assembly as well as institute a multi-party democracy.
2003 arrest.
Ferrer was detained during the subsequent Black Spring crackdown of March 2003 and sentenced to 25 years' imprisonment. His brother Luis Enrique Ferrer García, also an MCL activist, was sentenced to 28 years. In May 2003, José Daniel began a hunger strike after he was allegedly refused medical treatment for an intestinal issue. He was also subjected to punishment cells for refusing to stand in the presence of military or prison guards. The prison cells are reportedly and habitually below the international standard and the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners. 
Amnesty International declared both Ferrer brothers to be prisoners of conscience. US President Barack Obama called for Ferrer's release in 2009, urging the Cuban government to allow him to "fully participate in a democratic future in Cuba."
Ferrer remained in prison until 2011. He and Félix Navarro Rodríguez were released on 23 March 2011 as part of an agreement between the Cuban government and the Catholic Church. They were the last two prisoners of the Black Spring to be released. Ferrer refused the option to emigrate to Spain, stating, "I want to see a free people, and the best place to fight is here inside."
Later activism.
Ferrer was detained again in April 2012 for "public disorder", and again for two days in August 2012 for his work with Unión Patriótica de Cuba (UNPACU). Amnesty International described the arrests as part of "a pattern of harassment by the Cuban authorities against UNPACU members and other political dissidents."
Recognition.
In 2009, Ferrer and fellow Cuban dissidents Librado Linares García, Iván Hernández Carrillo, Jorge Luis García Pérez, and Iris Pérez Aguilera were jointly awarded the Democracy Award of the US National Endowment for Democracy. Ferrer was unable to attend, as he was still in prison.
Personal life.
Ferrer's wife, Cantillo Belkis Ramirez, is a member of the Ladies in White, a group of wives of political prisoners protesting every Sunday for their release. She was herself detained for 48 hours in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36618034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618034" title="Bankhead House (Jasper, Alabama)">
Bankhead House (Jasper, Alabama)

The Bankhead House, also known as Sunset and the John Hollis Bankhead House, is a historic mansion in Jasper, Walker County, Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18, 1973.
History.
The Classical Revival-style house was built for John H. Bankhead in 1910. He served in the Alabama Legislature, as a U.S. Representative, and as a U.S. Senator. His granddaughter, the award-winning actress Tallulah Brockman Bankhead and her sister Eugenia, were raised in the house when Congress was not in session. The pair were largely reared by their grandmother, Tallulah James Brockman Bankhead, after their mother died from sepsis less than a month after Tallulah's birth.
Architecture.
The Classical Revival-style house is a two-story wood frame building with a stone foundation and hipped roof. It features a one-story portico that spans the full width of the front (east) of the house and partially wraps around each side. At the front central bay, the porch projects and transitions to a two-tiered portico that frames the main entrance. A porte cochere projects out from the main porch on the south side of the house. Most of the windows feature one lite per sash, typical of the time the house was built.

</doc>
<doc id="36618049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618049" title="Murex (disambiguation)">
Murex (disambiguation)

Murex is a genus of medium to large sized predatory tropical sea snails. 
Murex may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618056" title="George Farwell (judge)">
George Farwell (judge)

Sir George Farwell (December 22, 1845, Codsall, Staffordshire - December 30, 1915, Dunster, Som.) was an English judge, noted for presiding over the Taff Vale Railway Co v Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants case.
Biography.
He was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford, where he took his degree in 1866. He was called to the bar in 1871. In 1891 he became a Q.C. and in 1895 a bencher of Lincoln's Inn, while in 1899 he was raised to the bench. In 1900 he came into prominence over the case known as the Taff Vale judgment. His decision, though reversed by the court of appeal, was upheld in 1901 by the House of Lords, and ultimately led to the passing of the Trade Disputes Act (1906). In 1906 Farwell was made a Lord of Appeal, but resigned this position in 1913. He published "Concise Treatise on the Law of Powers" (1874).

</doc>
<doc id="36618064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618064" title="Somerton Tunnel">
Somerton Tunnel

Somerton Tunnel is a railway tunnel in Somerset which is located between Somerton and Langport. It is situated on the Reading to Taunton Line. It was built by the GWR, and work finished in 1906, as part of the constructing of the Langport and Castle Cary Railway. The structure is just under a kilometre long.
One workman was killed during the building of the tunnel when some blasting dynamite, which was being used to excavate the area, failed to detonate as planned.
Not far from the west end of the tunnel, in Long Sutton, there is an old derelict building which is said to have been used as an explosives store for the GWR engineers at the time of construction. Some of the other explosives were stored in a Powder House in neighbouring village Charlton Mackrell, and the structure does also still stand today.

</doc>
<doc id="36618068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618068" title="Shangaly">
Shangaly

Shangaly () is the name of several rural localities in Ustyansky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36618069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618069" title="List of state leaders in 352 BC">
List of state leaders in 352 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36618082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618082" title="Meynushk">
Meynushk

Meynushk (, also Romanized as Meynūshḵ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618090" title="Nowchah, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Nowchah, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Nowchah (, also Romanized as Nowchāh) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 726, in 185 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618104" title="The Manhattan Projects">
The Manhattan Projects

The Manhattan Projects is a comic book series co-created by writer Jonathan Hickman and artist Nick Pitarra published by Image Comics. It is a story about an alternate history of the end of World War II in which the Manhattan Project was a front for other more esoteric science fiction ideas. The series is a monthly ongoing and began in March 2012 to much critical acclaim.
Collected editions.
The Manhattan Projects has been collected into the following trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="36618112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618112" title="Safiabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Safiabad, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Safiabad (, also Romanized as Şafīābād) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618124" title="Sirzar-e Olya">
Sirzar-e Olya

Sirzar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Sīrzār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618127" title="Bestuzhevo">
Bestuzhevo

Bestuzhevo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36618132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618132" title="List of state leaders in 351 BC">
List of state leaders in 351 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36618137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618137" title="Shelgerd">
Shelgerd

Shelgerd (, also Romanized as Shalgerd and Shalgird) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618147" title="Sar Borj, Torqabeh and Shandiz">
Sar Borj, Torqabeh and Shandiz

Sar Borj (; also known as Sard Borj) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618155" title="Tajar">
Tajar

Tajar () is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618162" title="Talkh ol Naqi">
Talkh ol Naqi

Talkh ol Naqi (, also Romanized as Talkh ol Naqī) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618166" title="Vila Shahr, Razavi Khorasan">
Vila Shahr, Razavi Khorasan

Vila Shahr (, also Romanized as Vīlā Shahr) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,499, in 381 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618172" title="Vilashahr">
Vilashahr

Vilashahr or Vila Shahr () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618176" title="Larisa Korobeynikova">
Larisa Korobeynikova

Larisa Korobeynikova () (born 26 March 1987) is a Russian female fencer. She won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's team foil event.

</doc>
<doc id="36618210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618210" title="Oh Ha-na">
Oh Ha-na

Oh Ha-Na (Hangul: 오하나; born January 8, 1985 in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do) is a female fencer from South Korea. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's team foil event.

</doc>
<doc id="36618218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618218" title="List of state leaders in 350 BC">
List of state leaders in 350 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36618243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618243" title="Paul Coughlin">
Paul Coughlin

Paul Coughlin (born 23 October 1992) is an English cricketer. Coughlin is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born at Sunderland, County Durham, and was educated at St Robert of Newminster Catholic Comprehensive School.
Coughlin made his debut in minor counties cricket for Northumberland against Staffordshire in 2011 MCCA Knockout Trophy. He also made a single appearance in that seasons Minor Counties Championship against Staffordshire. During the 2012 season, Coughlin made his first-class debut for Durham against the touring Australia A team at the Riverside Ground. He ended Durham's first-innings of 197 all out unbeaten on 29, the second highest score of the innings. In the tourists first-innings of 159 all out, he took his maiden wicket, that of Michael Klinger. He was dismissed for 3 runs in Durham's second-innings of 185 all out by Jon Holland.

</doc>
<doc id="36618275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618275" title="Kunwar Bechain">
Kunwar Bechain

Dr. Kunwar Bechain (born 1 July 1942) is a Hindi poet of India. He is a resident of Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh. Dr. Bechain was born in village Umri, District Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh on 1 July 1942. His actual name is Dr. Kunwar Bahadur Saxena. He worked as head of the Hindi department in MMH College, Ghaziabad.

</doc>
<doc id="36618298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618298" title="Alibeyli, Mersin">
Alibeyli, Mersin

Alibeyli, Mersin may refer to two villages in Mersin Province, Turkey:

</doc>
<doc id="36618316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618316" title="Lisa Brennauer">
Lisa Brennauer

Lisa Brennauer (born 8 June 1988 in Kempten) is a German cyclist. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics on the track in the women's team pursuit for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36618358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618358" title="Wave Tag Team Championship">
Wave Tag Team Championship

The Wave Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship owned by the Pro Wrestling Wave promotion. The title is nicknamed "Dual Shock Wave". The championship was first announced on August 28, 2011, at Wave's fourth anniversary event, and the first champions were crowned on October 30, when kanAyu (Ayumi Kurihara and Kana) defeated Uematsu☆Ran (Ran Yu-Yu and Toshie Uematsu) to win the Dual Shock Wave 2011 tournament and become the inaugural champions. From 2009 to 2010, Wave had promoted matches for the TLW World Young Women's Tag Team Championship, but this was the first title officially created and owned by the promotion.
Like most professional wrestling championships, the title is won as a result of a scripted match. There have been nine reigns shared among fifteen different wrestlers and eight teams. Las Aventureras (Ayako Hamada and Yuu Yamagata) are the current champions in their first reign both individually and as a team.
Reigns.
kanAyu (Ayumi Kurihara and Kana) were the first champions in the title's history. Las Aventureras (Ayako Hamada and Yuu Yamagata) holds the record for the longest reign in the title's history at + days, while Yoko Hatanaka's (Gami and Tomoka Nakagawa) second reign holds the record for the shortest reign at 10 days. Shidarezakura's (Hikaru Shida and Yumi Ohka) only reign holds the record for the shortest reign, at 31 days. Yoko Hatanaka hold the record for most reigns as a team, with two, while Gami, Kana and Tomoka Nakagawa share the record for most reigns individually, with two each. Overall, there have been nine reigns shared among fifteen different wrestlers and eight teams. Las Aventureras are the current champions in their first reign both individually and as a team.
List of combined reigns.
As of , 

</doc>
<doc id="36618364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618364" title="Bowness railway station">
Bowness railway station

Bowness was a station which served Bowness-on-Solway, a village in Cumbria on the English side of the Solway Firth. The station opened on 8 August 1870 by the Caledonian Railway on a line constructed from the Caledonian Railway Main Line at Kirtlebridge across the Glasgow South Western Line, then forming the Solway Junction Railway over the Solway Viaduct to Brayton. The line opened in 1869 and freight had run since 13 September 1869.
History.
Bowness was opened by the Solway Junction Railway, then part of the Caledonian Railway The passenger service was never well patronised and reduced to being just one carriage at the front of an occasional goods train and in September 1917 this was suspended, but was reinstated in 1920. Passenger services were finally withdrawn in 1921 and the line south of Annan over the Solway Viaduct was closed completely. 
The station was only built as an afterthought following a petition from local people. It had two platforms, a signal box, cattle pens and an overbridge at the northern end. Old photographs show a carriage body on one platform as a shelter, etc. In 1910 a watertank was located next to the overbridge and the platform beside the signal box had no buildings, not even a passenger shelter. In 1915 the signalbox was open from 4 am to 8:30 pm.
Disused, the station became the property of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923 until sold together with the viaduct.
The Solway railway viaduct.
Beyond Bowness station the railway ran along an embankment and then crossed the estuary of the Solway upon an iron girder viaduct, one mile 176 yards in length. The local people's frustration at the delay in reopening the Solway Viaduct after it was damaged in 1881 is recorded in the newspapers of the day.
The site today.
The station house is now a private dwelling.

</doc>
<doc id="36618375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618375" title="2000 Dallas Burn season">
2000 Dallas Burn season

The 2000 Dallas Burn season was the fifth season of the Major League Soccer team. The team made the playoffs for the fifth consecutive year. It would be the final season that Dave Dir was head coach.
Final Standings.
x - clinched playoff berth

</doc>
<doc id="36618406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618406" title="Abdelhak Aatkani">
Abdelhak Aatkani

Abdelhak Aatakni (born 9 February 1988 in Aïn Sebaâ) is a Moroccan boxer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's light welterweight, but was defeated in the first round by Richarno Colin.

</doc>
<doc id="36618419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618419" title="Gloria al Niño Ricardo">
Gloria al Niño Ricardo

Gloria al Niño Ricardo is a flamenco guitar composition composed by Paco de Lucía which features on his 1987 album "Siroco". The piece is dedicated to Niño Ricardo who was de Lucia's "first hero" of the guitar. The piece is a soleá and is known for its technically demanding passages. It is played in the key of C major, but a significant part of the composition is based around the phrygian E and a E 7 flat 9 chord and it features elaborate tremolo picking at the beginning. However, when performing it live, Lucia often plays it in the key of D flat major with a capo on the first fret.

</doc>
<doc id="36618424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618424" title="Annika Bruhn">
Annika Bruhn

Annika Bruhn (born 5 October 1992 in Karlsruhe) is a German swimmer. She will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36618439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618439" title="1989 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team">
1989 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team

The 1989 Texas A&M Aggies football team completed the season with an 8–4 record. The Aggies had a regular season Southwest Conference record of 6–2.

</doc>
<doc id="36618445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618445" title="Vasily Petrovich Orlov">
Vasily Petrovich Orlov

Vasily Petrovich Orlov (), was a Russian Full General of Cavalry. Hero of Russo-Turkish Wars of (1768–1774) and (1787–1792). Ataman of the Don Cossacks, received orders to command the Indian March of Paul in January 1801 from Emperor Paul I of Russia. His wife Daria Fedorovna, was a daughter of Ataman Count Fedor Petrovich Denisov and son of Vasily Petrovich Vasily Orlov-Denisov, a Don Cossacks General in honour of his grandfather Fedor Petrovich Denisov added his surname to his own, becoming count Orlov-Denisov on 26 April 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="36618463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618463" title="Fisher Brothers">
Fisher Brothers

Fisher Brothers is a real estate firm in New York City. It was formed by Martin Fisher, Larry Fisher, and Zachary Fisher in 1915. The Fishers are one of the largest holders of Real Estate in New York City and are considered one of the "royal families" of New York real estate, alongside such clans as the Dursts, Roses, Rudins, and Tishmans. The family's fortune was estimated at $3.8 billion in 1988 and has been estimated at over 12 billion dollars in 2012. The company was in the Fortune 500 for a time.

</doc>
<doc id="36618466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618466" title="Via6 Towers">
Via6 Towers

The Via6 Towers are a pair of 24-story apartment buildings under construction in the Belltown neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The complex, scheduled to open in February 2013, will include 18,000 square feet of retail space at street level. Construction began in 2011 and the building topped out in June 2012. The building was constructed to Leed Gold standards.

</doc>
<doc id="36618470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618470" title="Constanze Siering">
Constanze Siering

Constanze Siering (born 10 July 1991 in Recklinghausen) is a German rower. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36618473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618473" title="Stewart Coffin">
Stewart Coffin

Stewart Coffin is an American puzzle maker.
Career.
He has designed more than 200 original puzzles since the 1970s.
His most popular puzzle is the Hectix.
Awards.
He was the winner of the Sam Loyd award in 2000 and the Nob Yoshigahara Award in 2006.
Books.
He is the author of several bestselling books:
Excerpts.
The Universal Book of Mathematics provides the following information about him:
"A leading designer of mechanical puzzles. He is also the author of The Puzzling World of Polyhedral Dissections, one of the most significant works produced on this subject."

</doc>
<doc id="36618477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618477" title="Oink (payment service)">
Oink (payment service)

Oink is a payment enabler that allows children to safely make purchases online while keeping parents in control of all aspects of spending. The technology is COPPA compliant, PCI DSS Level 1 compliant and TRUSTe certified.
The company has been featured in many articles as the first company to digitize a teens monthly allowance. Forbes referred to the service as 'PayPal for Kids'. 
Oink is notable for being the first, and currently the only service that enables transactions for Under 13 users that are COPPA compliant. This means the service is the only way for someone 12 or younger to make an online purchase without violating these laws regulated by the FTC, which heavily restrict which personal information a company is permitted to collect from a child. Because Oink's checkout process only requires the child to provide a username and password to checkout, these issues are avoided, keeping the process safe.
Oink is the only COPPA compliant payment technology designed to allow retailers and game publishers to reach under 21 consumers in a safe, legal and effective manner.
On January 28, 2014, Oink announced that over 1 million users have signed up for their family wallet solution to shop safely, and securely online.
The notability of this technology was recognized by Frost & Sullivan, who gave Virtual Piggy their 2012 Entrepreneurial Company of the Year award in Digital Media. Their report details the innovative nature of the service, and the impact they anticipate it will have on eCommerce.
Company history.
Virtual Piggy initially launched in 2008 as a product of Moggle Inc., located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Founder Dr. Jo Webber and Co-Founder Pradeep Ittycheria created Virtual Piggy to provide a safe way for children to transact online. It became a publicly traded company in October 2008. In March 2011, the Virtual Piggy service was awarded the TRUSTe Children’s Privacy Seal, and was certified COPPA compliant. March 2012 saw Founder and Chairman Dr. Jo Webber take on the role of CEO. The company relocated to Hermosa Beach, California in June 2012. In Fall 2011, the company dropped the Moggle Inc. name, and became Virtual Piggy, Inc. Virtual Piggy's Board of Advisors includes a number of notable celebrities, including Stedman Graham, Sela Ward and John Paul DeJoria It is publicly traded at the symbol VPIG.
As of December 4, 2013, the name of the Virtual Piggy youth payments solution has been changed to Oink. The corporate name remains as Virtual Piggy.
Functionality.
Virtual Piggy's service works by allowing a parent to register an account, which can then set up parameters for child accounts. Because the parent account stores all personal information, a child is able to make a purchase without providing any. A parent first registers their own account. The parent can then assign individual child accounts to multiple children. Within each child account, the parent is able to control how much money is available to the child, how often they receive new funds (a monthly allowance), which merchants the child is allowed to buy from, and any desired spending limits. The parent is also able to "turn off" the child accounts, and request notifications when purchases are made. The child is able to login to their account, which tracks recent purchases, funds available, savings goals and charitable donations.
User experience.
Upon checkout, the child chooses the Oink payment option. The child is then prompted to enter their Oink username and password. If there are sufficient funds in the account, and the purchase matches the parameters set up by the parent, the transaction is completed.
Because the child never provides any personally identifiable information as a part of the purchase process (such as a name, residential address, email address or credit card), the transaction is COPPA compliant. The merchant is able to ship any physical items to the child using the mailing address provided in the parent account.
The Platform.
Oink has integrated into many of the worlds major payment networks including Chase Paymentech, Stripe, Worldpay, PayPal, FirstData, ePay, AuthorizeNet and CyberSource.
The Virtual Piggy payment option appears on many leading teen and tween brands websites and online gaming companies, including K'NEX, Claire's, Deb Shops, Fathead, Ty, Inc. and Habbo.
Virtual Piggy has integrated with major ecommerce platforms including eBay's Magento platform, DemandWare, Oracle's ATG, OsCommerce and LiveGamer.
The company also has marketplace for digital gift cards that children can safely purchase, located at mall.oink.com. The store offers digital gift cards from brands like Zappos, Barnes & Noble, Sephora and Foot Locker. Children can also donate to the charity of their choice at donate.virtualpiggy.com.
In the news.
Virtual Piggy has received some press in regards to unauthorized child spending, and how its technology presents a good safeguard for parents. The Wall Street Journal and Forbes have published features on the company in regards to this issue. Virtual Piggy Founder and CEO Dr. Jo Webber has also been featured on numerous outlets promoting Virtual Piggy, including WJLA-TV's Let's Talk Live, and Fox News Live. Virtual Piggy's Advisory Board Member and Emmy Award winning actress Sela Ward has appeared on Morning Joe and The Rachael Ray Show to discuss Virtual Piggy.
Virtual Piggy appears in Kiplinger's Best of Everything 2013 report, named as the Best Savings Coach
Location.
Oink is located in Hermosa Beach, California and London

</doc>
<doc id="36618478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618478" title="Ricarda Multerer">
Ricarda Multerer

Ricarda Multerer (born 5 April 1990) is a German épée fencer. She is right-handed. Multerer will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36618484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618484" title="Camilla Pfeffer">
Camilla Pfeffer

Camilla Pfeffer (born 24 January 1993 in Filderstadt) is a German gymnast. She has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36618485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618485" title="Central District (Zaveh County)">
Central District (Zaveh County)

The Central District of Zaveh County () is a district (bakhsh) in Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38,874, in 9,557 families. The District has one city: Dowlatabad. The District has two rural districts ("dehestan"): Safaiyeh Rural District and Zaveh Rural District.

</doc>
<doc id="36618489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618489" title="New Jersey v. New York">
New Jersey v. New York

New Jersey v. New York, , was a United States Supreme Court case where New Jersey won roughly 90% of Ellis Island from New York.
History.
An interstate compact had been signed between New York and New Jersey prior to Ellis Island becoming a major immigration center. This compact granted New York the rights to all islands in the water channel separating the two states (including both Ellis Island and the much larger Staten Island), but granting New Jersey the rights to half of the water channel. This agreement was fashioned in order to allow New Jersey to build docks on the riverfront, while allowing New York to control islands that it considered already as integral parts of its territory. This led to places such as Ellis Island located on the New Jersey half of the river, but belonging to New York.
Later, Ellis Island was expanded through land reclamation and soon became a major center for immigrants coming from Europe to the New World. This land was added by New York and operated by New York for decades before New Jersey brought its lawsuit. Since the land added by New York was not expressly granted to New York by the interstate compact, and was placed in water that had been expressly granted to New Jersey, the majority ruled that this "new" land (decades old by this time) must belong to New Jersey. The dissent used historical reasons and "common-sense inference" as their basis for supporting New York's claim.
Aftermath.
According to the court decision, all land originally given to New York by the compact (the original, natural Ellis Island) remains under the jurisdiction of New York, but any and all land reclaimed from the waters after that point is under the jurisdiction of New Jersey. The island covers a land area of .
The two states jointly negotiated a post-trial settlement to decide exactly where and how to draw the lines in accordance with the Supreme Court decision. The original island and other areas negotiated in that post-trial settlement, totaling , to this day remains part of New York that is a landlocked enclave within New Jersey. The case is possibly the first to use GIS in determining a Supreme Court decision.
While the court decision has changed the state control and jurisdiction of most parts of the island, the actual current landowner (holder of the title of Ellis Island) is the federal government. Very few activities on the island were directly affected by the transfer of sovereignty, but the decision did affect some instances of sales taxes, and may well play an influential role in shaping future developments and maintenance of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="36618492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618492" title="Minot Carnegie Library">
Minot Carnegie Library

Minot Carnegie Library on 2nd Ave., SE, in Downtown Minot, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1911. It was designed by Minot architects Woodruff & McGulpin in Classical Revival style. It has also been known as Free Public Library, Carnegie Library and Minot Public Library. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It served as the public library for Minot from 1912 until 1965, until the new Minot Public Library building was built.
It was used as a library until 1965, then used as a senior center, then was vacant from 1979 until the time of NRHP listing.

</doc>
<doc id="36618495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618495" title="Cindy Roleder">
Cindy Roleder

Cindy Roleder (born 21 August 1989) is a German track and field athlete, specializing in 100 metres hurdles. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics reaching the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36618496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618496" title="Soleyman District">
Soleyman District

Soleyman District () is a district (bakhsh) in Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15,818, in 6,261 families. The District has no cities. The District has one rural district ("dehestan"): Soleyman Rural District.

</doc>
<doc id="36618507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618507" title="Tech Nation">
Tech Nation

Tech Nation and its regular segment BioTech Nation is a weekly interview program talk show that airs four times each weekend on the "Tech Nation" is hosted by award winning science journalist Moira Gunn and is produced by Tech Nation Media at the studios of KQED in San Francisco. The program opens with a 5 minute commentary on life in modern times, and typically a major one-on-one interview with major figures in science and technology. The final segment of each show is BioTech Nation which presents interviews with leading biotech scientists, CEOs, venture capitalists, government officials, bio-ethicists and others who make up the biotech community. 
"Tech Nation" and "BioTech Nation" are also available in a separate podcasts at IT Conversations (IT Conversations has ceased to operate, only the back-archive is available). The podcasts are downloaded over 23 million times per year and over 1.3 million listeners tune in each week to hear the program. It is also carried on the NPR Now channel via Sirius/XM satellite radio. 
Funding.
Tech Nation is funded by donations and a professional volunteer base. 
History.
Tech Nation and BioTech Nation was conceived and created by Dr. Moira Gunn, with the steady belief that the impact of technology and science on society is ever growing and that everyone needs to understand its impact. The programs are provided at no cost to public radio stations and other non-profit organizations, including schools and universities.

</doc>
<doc id="36618513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618513" title="Moana Delle">
Moana Delle

Moana Delle (born 7 March 1989 in Münster) is a German windsurfer. She finished 5th at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sailboard class.

</doc>
<doc id="36618519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618519" title="Nadja Drygalla">
Nadja Drygalla

Nadja Drygalla (born 31 March 1989 in Rostock) is a German rower who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Controversy.
During the 2012 Summer Olympics, The Guardian claimed that her boyfriend is a leading member of the Rostock National Socialists, a far-right wing group inclined towards Neo-Nazism, and was a candidate for the National Democratic Party at the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2011.
Drygalla had already finished competing as part of the women's rowing eight team, her only event. She left of her own accord after a 90-minute conversation with officials from the German Olympic delegation. In a public statement she distanced herself from far-right views.

</doc>
<doc id="36618534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618534" title="Jonas Gaines">
Jonas Gaines

Jonas Donald "Lefty" Gaines (January 9, 1914 - ?) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro Leagues. He played professionally from 1937 to 1953 with several teams. He pitched in three East-West All-Star Games, 1942, 1946, and 1950. Gaines also pitched in the Cuban League and the Pacific League.

</doc>
<doc id="36618535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618535" title="Zaveh, Zaveh">
Zaveh, Zaveh

Zaveh (, also Romanized as Zāveh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,777, in 486 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618548" title="2012–13 Irapuato FC season">
2012–13 Irapuato FC season

The 2012–13 Irapuato season is the 18th professional season of Mexico's Promotion league. The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same fifteen teams. Irapuato began their season in a 0-0 draw on July 20, 2012 against Tecos, Irapuato play their homes games in the Estadio Sergio León Chávez.

</doc>
<doc id="36618552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618552" title="The History of Constantine">
The History of Constantine

The History of Constantine is a series of tapestries designed by Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens and Italian artist Pietro da Cortona depicting the life of Constantine I, the first Christian emperor of Ancient Rome. In 1622, Rubens painted the first twelve oil sketches that were used as guides, and the tapestries themselves were woven in the workshop of Marc Comans and François de la Planche in the Faubourg Saint-Marcel in Paris by 1625, transforming each small sketch (perhaps two feet per side) into a sumptuous creation of wool, silk, and gold and silver threads that could easily fill a wall. An additional five designs were painted by Cortona in 1630 and woven in the atelier of Cardinal Francesco Barberini in Rome over the next decade.
Historical information.
The series was commissioned in 1622 when Rubens was in Paris discussing the paintings he was designing for the Luxembourg Palace for Marie de Médicis. Although the popular consensus has long been that the tapestries were commissioned by Louis XIII, based upon a 1626 letter by Rubens, art historians have begun to question this conclusion in recent decades. New evidence, such the fact that the designs were listed as the property of de la Planche upon his death, establishing a weak form of copyright, has muddied the issue. One theory is that Rubens only cited the king as the commissioner of the tapestries in the aforementioned letter in order to increase their perceived importance because his payment was overdue. Financial evidence strongly indicates that Rubens himself ordered the cartoons from which the tapestries would be woven at the personal expense of 500 livres, making him a primary mover behind the project.
Louis XIII's lack of investment in the project is indicated by the fact that he immediately gave the first seven tapestries completed to the papal legate Cardinal Barberini in 1625, even though Barberini was at first unwilling to accept so princely a gift. Barberini eventually acquiesced, and commissioned an additional five tapestries from Pietro da Cortona, another Baroque master who happened to be the artistic director of Barberini's newly founded atelier. He repeated only one design from the Rubens set, the apparition of the cross. Cortona also designed several smaller tapestries such as portieres and a baldachin to furnish an entire room, and painted the ceiling of the salon where they were displayed. The dossal he designed, featuring an immense golden statue of Constantine, hung behind the throne of Urban VIII, Barberini's uncle.
The life of the first Christian monarch would have special relevance for a king whose own father experienced such a notable conversion to Catholicism. While the subject matter could plausibly have been chosen by Louis XIII himself, it also may have been selected by Comans and de la Planche to appeal to him and earn Rubens a royal appointment. Rubens himself may have had a hand in deciding the theme, since his intense study of the classical era, including the acquisitions of many antiquities, made him very well suited to tackle the historical intricacies of the subject.
Rubens drew on Cardinal Cesare Baronio's "Annales Ecclesiastici" (1588–1607) for inspiration and historical detail. Baronio based his writings on the contemporary accounts of Eusebius. This third-hand information, coupled with his deep historical knowledge, enabled Rubens to craft scenes that were so accurate that Louis' inspectors lauded him for portraying so precisely "even the nails of the boots".
Rubens' designs proved highly popular and were woven several times by the Comans-La Planche workshop over the next decades, although they tended to evolve away from the originals. Cortona's tapestries were only woven once. The sole complete set remained with the Barberini collection in Rome until 1889. The tapestries were split up and passed through various hands before being reunited by the Samuel H. Kress Foundation and given to the Philadelphia Museum of Art in 1959. The sketches remain widely scattered, many of them in private hands.
Rubens' designs.
The Marriages of Constantine and Fausta and of Constantia and Licinius.
sketch: private collection, 18.625" x 25.375" (47.3 x 64.4 cm.) 
tapestry: Philadelphia, Philadelphia Museum of Art 15' 11" x 19' 11.5" (485.14 x 608.33 cm.) (all tapestries unless otherwise noted are held by the PMA) 
Although the weddings depicted actually occurred six years apart, most scholars accept the anachronism as an attempt to create a stronger link between Constantine and Louis XIII, whose own marriage to Anne of Austria was a double wedding also featuring the union of his sister to Anne's brother, Philip IV of Spain. The event occurs in a temple of Jupiter and Juno, who preside in the form of statuary. The main difference between the sketch and the tapestry can be seen in the depiction of Jupiter, who wears a stern countenance and brandishes his thunderbolt in the former, quite suitable considering the conflict that would soon arise between the Constantine and Licinius. However, in the final tapestry, Jupiter wears a more beneficent mien and holds his thunderbolt less threatening, as befits the happy union between the royal houses of France and Spain.
The Emblem of Christ Appearing to Constantine.
sketch: Philadelphia Museum of Art, 18.186" x 22.063" (46.2 x 56 cm.) 
tapestry: Paris, Mobilier National 
In this scene, the Chi-Rho monogram of Christ appears before Constantine in the sky at noon just prior to his battle with Maxentius. In a dream, he learns that placing this emblem on his banner assures him of triumph over Maxentius, his co-emperor. Rubens follows Eusebius quite closely, but replaces the flaming cross he described with the monogram in Lactantius' chronicle. One soldier, looking at Constantine rather than the vision, points with the labarum, or military standard, to the next scene.
The Labarum.
sketch: private collection, 13.9" x 10.8" (35.4 x 27.5 cm.) 
tapestry: Paris, Mobilier National 
This episode depicts the moments just before the Battle of Milvian Bridge, as Constantine (already crowned with a victor's laurels) presents his labarum. This has been emblazoned with Christ's symbol, as he was instructed. The monogram of Rubens' usual panel maker, Michiel Vrient, is impressed on the back of the panel, along with a branded "A" that indicates the panel was prepared about 1621-22.
The Collapse of the Milvian Bridge and the Death of Maxentius.
sketch: London, Wallace Collection, 14.5" x 25" (36.83 x 63.5 cm.) 
tapestry: 15' 11" x 24' 5" (485.14 x 744.22 cm.)
This tapestry depicts Constantine's defeat of his co-emperor Maxentius in 312 at the Battle of Milvian Bridge. The stone bridge's right arch is interrupted by wooden beams, indicating that Rubens followed Baronio's suggestion that Maxentius tampered with the bridge to trap Constantine. Instead, he was hoist on his own petard when it collapsed early, sending him plummeting into the river, where the weight of his own armor drowned him. Rubens also drew heavily on his own 1615 depiction of the battle of the Greeks and the Amazons, another bridge battle.
The Triumphant Entry of Constantine into Rome.
sketch: Indianapolis, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 19" x 25.5" (48.26 x 64.77 cm.)
tapestry: 15' 11.75" x 17' 10.313" (487.054 x 544.355 cm.)
This tapestry depicts Constantine returning to Rome in triumph after defeating his co-emperor, Maxentius. Having called upon the Christian God at Milvian Bridge, Constantine legitimized the Christian religion, offering it new status and protection. Accordingly, the Greek symbol for Christ can be seen on the imperial banner, and pagan priests are pushed aside by a personification of Roma honoring Constantine. Rubens used the Arch of Constantine as inspiration, mimicking the form and presentation of its triumphal procession relief. The semi-derelict state of the architecture may refer to the imminent rebirth of the battered city. Constantine's legitimacy is relentlessly pounded home by the heralding of Fame and Victory, as well as the presence of a lictor bearing the fasces that symbolize his authority. In transforming the work from sketch to tapestry, the composition was horizontally compressed, decreasing the gap between Constantine and Roma and so diminishing the sense of movement. Additional architectural detail and foliage were added.
The Trophy.
sketch: private collection, 15" x 11.5" (38.1 x 29.21 cm.) 
tapestry: Paris, Mobilier National 
Again following Eusebius, Rubens depicts Constantine setting up a trophy of victory in Rome after his defeat of Maxentius. A winged Victory crowns him in front of a collection of implements of war. A bearded head on a pole likely is Maxentius himself, whose head was cut off and carried back to Rome on a spear according to Baronio.
The Baptism of Constantine.
sketch: private collection, 17.75" x 22.813" (45.085 x 57.945 cm.)
tapestry: 15' 8" x 17' 10.75" (477.52 x 545.465 cm.) 
In order to maintain a safe distance from the Arian Heresy condemned by the Council of Nicaea, Rubens ignored Eusebius' account for once and instead used the much later "Vita Silvestri", a medieval collection of legends. Thus, Constantine is here safely baptized by Pope Sylvester in Rome, rather than Nicomedia as actually occurred. The main difference between sketch and tapestry is the fact that the later includes Constantine's crown on a nearby cushion, a reference to a legend that a spontaneous flame appeared over the baptismal font and would not be extinguished until Constantine removed his crown.
Constantine Investing His Son Crispus with Command of the Fleet.
sketch: Sydney, Art Gallery of New South Wales, 14.4" x 11.9" (36.576 x 30.226 cm.)
tapestry: Paris, Mobilier National 
Crispus was Constantine's eldest son, borne by a concubine. Legend states that he assumed command of the imperial fleet before the campaign against Licinius, the land-based half of which is depicted in the next tapestry. The seaside setting and inclusion of Neptune plus the rudder with which he is presented, symbolizing government, add up to a clear reference to Crispus' naval command. Baronio went further, comparing the moment to God entrusting Jesus with mankind's salvation.
Constantine Defeating Licinius.
sketch: Kansas City, Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, 14.625" x 22.625" (37.15 x 57.47 cm.)
tapestry: Paris, Mobilier National 
Constantine's brother-in-law and co-ruler Licinius was defeated not once but twice by Constantine for continuing to persecute Christians. This tapestry depicts the first battle, fought on land and led by Constantine himself, in a laurel wreath.
Constantine Worshiping the True Cross.
sketch: private collection, 13.9" x 13.3" (35.306 x 33.782 cm.)
tapestry: 16' 3" x 16' 6" (495.3 x 502.92 cm.) 
According to legend, Constantine's mother St. Helena discovered the true cross in Jerusalem and was rejuvenated, explaining her youthful appearance in Rubens' depiction. The tapestry differs from the sketch in the enlargement of the background architecture, apparently to give greater emphasis to the environment of the scene.
The Founding of Constantinople.
sketch: private collection, 6.3" x 16" (16.002 x 40.64 cm.)
tapestry: 15' 10.5" x 15' 9" (483.87 x 480.06 cm.)
The building of Constantinople occurred 324-330. The eagle flying overhead with a branch of broom depicts the legend of how the emperor chose the site for his city. It was taken as a good omen since broom was used to mark the enclosure of the city. In the sketch, the workman's displayed paper is blank, but the tapestry sketches in the ground plan of the Pantheon.
The Death of Constantine.
sketch: private collection, 13.4" x 13.2" (34.036 x 33.528 cm.)
tapestry: 16' .5" x 16' 4" (488.95 x 497.84 cm.)
Constantine's death in 337 at Nicomedia, was not in fact attended by any of his three surviving sons Constantius II, Constantine II, or Constans as depicted here. All three did inherit part of his kingdom, represented here by the orb of sovereignty being handed over by Constantine.
The Triumph of Rome.
sketch: The Hague, Mauritshuis, 21.3" x 27.2" (54 x 69 cm.) 
This thirteenth sketch was completed by Rubens, but replaced by "The Death of Constantine" when the tapestries were manufactured, having been deemed unsuitable. It is full of allegorical figures, like liberated Rome, two winged Victories, and Romulus and Remus, which is likely why it was rejected in a series focusing on real, historical elements of Constantine's life.
Cortona's designs.
Unlike Rubens, Cortona crafted both the initial sketch and the enlarged cartoon from which the tapestries were actually woven. The surviving cartoons are now held by the Corsini Gallery in Florence.
Apparition of the Monogram of Christ.
tapestry: 16' 2" x 11' 5" (492.67 x 347.98 cm.)
This is the sole repeated incident between the two artists. When depicting the same event as Rubens, Cortona opted to display the fiery cross described by Eusebius instead of the Chi-Rho monogram.
Constantine Fighting the Lion.
cartoon: 10' 6.375" x 8' 5.5" (320.993 x 257.81 cm.)
tapestry: 16' 5" x 9' 9" (500.38 x 297.18 cm.)
This image of a young Constantine thrusting his sword through a lion's mouth while onlookers admire is based on a legend illustrating his bravery even when a mere boy.
Constantine Burning the Memorials.
cartoon: 10' 9.5" x 10' 4.375" (328.93 x 315.913 cm.)
tapestry: 16' 3" x 15' (495.3 x 457.2 cm.)
This tapestry illustrates the tax concessions instituted by Constantine in favor of the Christian church.
Constantine Destroying the Idols.
cartoon: 10' 5.5" x 7' 5.313" (318.77 x 226.855 cm.)
tapestry: 16' 6" x 12' 4" (505.968 x 375.92 cm.)
During the increased efforts to quash paganism following 323, laws prohibited sacrifices to their gods and ordered their temples destroyed. Here, the violent smashing of pagan statuary is immediately followed by the placement of a statue of Jesus on the vacated pedestal.
Campaign Against Licinius, Sea Battle.
cartoon: 10' 7.5" x 19' 7.25" (323.85 x 597.535 cm.)
tapestry: 16' 8" x 23' 4" (508 x 711.2 cm.)
This tapestry complements Rubens' by depicting the second half of the campaign against Licinius. In this second confrontation, Crispus' victory at sea cemented his father as the supreme ruler in both east and west.

</doc>
<doc id="36618556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618556" title="Safaiyeh Rural District">
Safaiyeh Rural District

Safaiyeh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,711, in 2,936 families. The rural district has 14 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618564" title="La seduzione">
La seduzione

La seduzione (internationally released as Seduction) is a 1973 Italian erotic-drama film directed by Fernando Di Leo. The film is based on the novel "Graziella" by Ercole Patti. Originally the character of Graziella was planned to be played by Ornella Muti, but she was eventually dropped because considered too attractive for the role. 
At the time of its release, the newspapers widely reported the news of a man who died of a heart attack watching the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="36618566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618566" title="Zaveh Rural District">
Zaveh Rural District

Zaveh Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17,423, in 4,287 families. The rural district has 31 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618579" title="Soleyman Rural District">
Soleyman Rural District

Soleyman Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27,332, in 6,261 families. The rural district has 27 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618582" title="Athletics at the 2006 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 2006 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 2006 Central American Games were held at the Estadio Olímpico del Instituto Nicaragüense de Juventud y Deporte in Managua, Nicaragua, between March 4-7, 1996. 
In total, 36 events were contested, 21 by men and 15 by women. A report on
the results was given.
Records.
5 games records were set, among them 2 in events that were
only held at this edition of the games. In addition, 5 new national records
and 3 national junior records were set.
Medal summary.
Results were published on the webpage of the Central American Isthmus Athletic Confederation ("Spanish: Confederación Atlética del Istmo Centroamericano") CADICA and on the CACAC webpage. Gold medal winners were also published elsewhere.
Medal table (unofficial).
Published medal counts slightly differ from
each other and from the unofficial medal count below.

</doc>
<doc id="36618590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618590" title="Aliabad, Zaveh">
Aliabad, Zaveh

Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābādak) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 877, in 216 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618593" title="Greg Kennedy (hurler)">
Greg Kennedy (hurler)

Greg Kennedy (born 15 April 1976) is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Galway senior team. 
Kennedy joined the team during the 1996 championship and subsequently became a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2007 championship. During that time he won four consecutive Connacht medals.
At club level Kennedy is a one-time Connacht medalist with Loughrea. He has also won one county club championship medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36618602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618602" title="Baqi, Zaveh">
Baqi, Zaveh

Baqi (, also Romanized as Baqī‘ and Baqī; also known as Baghī, Boghī, and Baqīḩ) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618608" title="Episcopal Conference of Mozambique">
Episcopal Conference of Mozambique

The local assembly of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Mozambique (Portuguese: Conferencia Episcopal de Moçambique, CEM). The ECM is a member of the Inter-Regional Meeting of Bishops of Southern Africa (IMBISA) and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM). 
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1967-1969: Custódio Alvim Pereira, Archbishop of Maputo
1969-1975: Francisco Nunes Teixeira, Bishop of Quelimane
1975-1976: Manuel Vieira Pinto, Archbishop of Nampula
1976-1986: Jaime Pedro Gonçalves, Archbishop of Beira
1986-1993: Paulo Mandlate, Bishop of Tete
1993-2002: Francisco João Silota, Bishop of Chimoio
2002-2006: Jaime Pedro Gonçalves, Archbishop of Beira
2006-2009: Tume Makhweliha, Archbishop of Nampula
From 2009: Lucio Andrice Muandula, Bishop of Xai-Xai

</doc>
<doc id="36618609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618609" title="Gregory M. Garibian">
Gregory M. Garibian

Gregory Markari (Markarovich) Garibian (Dec.13, 1924 - June 8, 1991) was a Soviet Armenian physicist, academician-secretary of the Department of Physics and Mathematics of the Armenian Academy of Sciences (AS)(1973–1991). He is known for developing the Theory of Transition Radiation and showing the feasibility of functional transition radiation detectors (TRDs)
Biography.
G.M.Garibian
was born in 1924 in Tiflis (now - Tbilisi, Georgia) in a family of a Medical Doctor and a homemaker. Eventually the family moved to Baku (Azerbaijan) where Garibian got his general education. In 1943 he graduated from school in Baku and went to Moscow. Physical science was Garibian's passion in life. Even at a very young age he followed news in the world of physics and was very excited when in 1942 he learned about the Alikhanian brothers’ expedition to Mount Aragats (Armenia) in order to search for protons in cosmic rays. Garibian was accepted into the Department of Physics and Mathematics of Moscow State University which he graduated from in 1948 immediately to leave for Yerevan and join the Yerevan Physics Institute, which was founded by Artyom Alikhanian in 1943.
After that time Garibian dedicated himself to scientific research in Theoretical physics, in the fields of Quantum electrodynamics, Cosmic rays, and High energy particles.
All his life he worked at the Yerevan Physics Institute consecutively as Researcher, Scientific Secretary of the Institute, Deputy Director and Head of Laboratory. He actively participated in the creation of the Yerevan Synchrotron and also in the establishment of high altitude Cosmic Ray stations on Mount Aragats.
Garibian’s main scientific achievement was the discovery of X-Ray Transition Radiation and the development of the Theory of Transition Radiation
. He also showed the feasibility of a functional Transition Raditation Detector (TRD) - a tool for identification of high energy ultrarelativistic particles.
In the end of the 1940-s and the beginning of the 1950-s the main points of interest of the researchers at the Yerevan Institute of Physics were cosmic rays and the physics of elementary particles. One of the problems bothering experimental physicists working with cosmic rays at that time were measurements of very high energies of the relativistic particles in the cosmic radiation, as with the increase of energy levels of the particles the available methods of registration of their energies were becoming less and less effective.
Garibian tried to develop methods that would help to resolve that problem. As a starting point of his research, he used results published in the article written by Ginzburg and Frank in 1946, where the theoretical existence of Transition Radiation was predicted. The new type of radiation appearing as a result of charged particle passing through the boundary between two layers of matter. Eventually, in 1959, Garibian together with K.A. Barsukov from the Lebedev Physical Institute, discovered X-Ray Transition Radiation (as a part of Transition Radiation), the intensity of which had a linear dependence on the Lorentz factor of the particle. Due to this feature, X-ray Transition Radiation received immediate practical implementation, as it made it possible to identify ultra-relativistic charged particles and to measure their energies
In following years Garibian with his disciples continued the development of the Theory of Transition Radiation. Their theoretical works stimulated experimental research on Transition Radiation in Armenia
In the beginning of the 1960-s the first experiment on the registration of TR generated by muons of cosmic rays was conducted on mount Aragats. The research of TR became more powerful after the Yerevan Synchrotron started its work in 1967. Here, theoretical investigation of TR headed by Garibian was correlated with the experimental research headed by A. Alikhanian. Those studies played a decisive role in prompting similar work throughout the world: in the Brookhaven National Laboratory (by prof. Luke Chia-Liu Yuan), at Stanford Accelerator, and in different research centers of Europe
During his life Garibian, besides being a scientist, was also an educator: he lectured to students at the Physical Mathematical Department of Yerevan State University from 1951 to 1964 (on the topics of classical and quantum electrodynamics, theory of electrons and theory of relativity) and from 1970 to 1973 (on the topic of the passage of fast particles through matter). In the years 1965-1969 he worked also as a Chief of the Theoretical Department of Institute of Radiophysics and Electronics, Armenian AS. Under his leadership many of his disciples achieved their Doctoral degrees and became prominent scientists.
He was also interested in documenting the history of progress of physics in Armenia. One of his papers on this topic was co-authored with physicists Artsimovich, Migdal and Jelepov and was dedicated to the Artyom Alikhanian's 60th birthday.
From 1966 Garibian worked also as an Executive Editor of the journal "Proceedings of the Academy of Sciences of the Armenian SSR. Physics ".
In 1983 Garibian, together with his disciple Yang Chi, published a monograph: “X-Ray Transition Radiation” which summarized data collected during years of theoretical and experimental research on transition radiation appearing as a result of fast charged particles passing through the boundary between media.
Garibian died on June 8, 1991 in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="36618613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618613" title="Enfin veuve">
Enfin veuve

Enfin Veuve () is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Isabelle Mergault and starring Michèle Laroque, Jacques Gamblin, and Wladimir Yordanoff.
Plot.
Anne-Marie Gratigny is the wife of a famous plastic surgeon, Gilbert. She has a good life, with maids, money, and everything ordinary women would dream of. But her marriage is a total failure. Her husband lives for his job and does not pay proper attention to Anne-Marie. As a result of years of neglect, Mrs. Gratigny has a lover named Leo, who works as a ship builder, and is urging Anne-Marie to leave her husband and this unbearable situation, and go with him to China, where he is seeking a big project for his work. However, after spending an entire day out, planning her departure, when Anne-Marie returns home, she is surprised to find the whole family there, with some very shocking news: Gilbert has died in a car accident. Relieved that her failed marriage is at an end, Anne-Marie now sees the chance to meet her lover more often, and is looking forward to being able to go to China with him, but all her hopes are dashed by the continuous presence of her family and in particular her son, who won't give her a break, thinking she's in shock because of losing her husband. She now has to pretend to be in mourning and hide her happiness and relief.

</doc>
<doc id="36618615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618615" title="Yenga (disambiguation)">
Yenga (disambiguation)

Yenga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618620" title="HYLAS 2">
HYLAS 2

HYLAS 2 is a geostationary High throughput satellite operated by Avanti Communications. HYLAS, an acronym for Highly Adaptable Satellite, was launched on an Ariane 5 from Guyana Space Centre at Kourou, French Guyana, on August 2, 2012.
Construction.
HYLAS 2 was constructed by Orbital Sciences Corporation for the UK telecommunications company Avanti Communications Plc.
Features.
HYLAS 2 features 4 active and 6 gateway Ka beams covering Northern and Southern Africa, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. HYLAS 2 is also equipped with steerable spot-beams to direct extra capacity in required areas when needed. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618624" title="Berzu, Zaveh">
Berzu, Zaveh

Berzu (, also Romanized as Berzū) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 599, in 115 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618625" title="AJ Lee">
AJ Lee

April Jeanette Mendez (born March 19, 1987) is an American professional wrestler signed to WWE under the ring name AJ Lee and is the current WWE Divas Champion in her second reign. Her previous reign lasted a record setting 295 days. Prior to her time in WWE, Mendez performed for several Northeast-based independent promotions as Miss April, including Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU), where she held the WSU Tag Team Championship once.
After joining WWE in 2009, AJ was part of the third season of "NXT" in 2010, placing third in the competition. In 2012, after being involved in several on-screen relationships with wrestlers feuding over the WWE Championship and World Heavyweight Championship, while also serving as "Raw" General Manager for three months, AJ was named WWE's "Diva of the Year". In June 2013, AJ captured her first WWE Divas Championship by defeating Kaitlyn.
A self-professed "nerd" and "tomboy", WWE adapted Mendez's comics and video game fandom to her character, portraying her as different from the typical women in WWE and promoting her as the "Geek Goddess".
Early life.
Mendez was born and raised in Union City, New Jersey, and has described her family's experience as having to live in motels, other people's houses and their car. She is of Puerto Rican heritage. Mendez cited her brother's childhood interest in WWE as an influence on her decision to break into the male-dominated world of wrestling, and she cemented her ambition to pursue a professional wrestling career when she was 12 years old. Mendez was inspired by the female WWE stars that came before her, especially Lita, whom she met as a child at an autograph signing. A video of the encounter, which shows the young Mendez being brought to tears by the meeting, is available on YouTube.
After graduating from Memorial High School, Mendez worked several jobs in order to save up the money she needed to both support her family and enroll in wrestling school. She attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in New York City, where she majored in film and television production and writing, until family and financial issues led to her dropping out six months into her studies. As an homage to her brother, who was in the U.S. Army, Mendez once wore camouflage wrestling attire.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career (2007–2009).
Shortly after leaving university, Mendez researched wrestling schools and enrolled in one a mile away from her house. To pay the tuition she began working full-time and started training in March 2007 under Jay Lethal. She debuted on September 29, 2007, under the ring name "Miss April", wrestling on the New Jersey independent circuit.
Miss April joined the New Jersey-based promotion Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU) in October 2008, losing her debut match against Jana. After unsuccessfully competing alongside Malia Hosaka in a tournament to determine the inaugural WSU Tag Team Champions, Miss April formed a tag team with Brooke Carter, and on February 7, 2009, they captured the tag titles by defeating the Beatdown Betties (Roxie Cotton and Annie Social). On April 11, Miss April and Jay Lethal won the 2009 WSU/NWS King and Queen of the Ring tournament, defeating Jana and Danny Demanto in the final. In May, Miss April left WSU upon signing with WWE and vacated her half of the WSU Tag Team Championships.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE.
Florida Championship Wrestling (2009–2011).
Mendez signed a contract with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) on May 5, 2009, after taking part in a tryout camp that she paid US$1,500 to attend, and was assigned to Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), WWE's developmental territory. Mendez debuted at the television tapings on August 13 under the ring name "April Lee" in a fatal four-way match won by Serena Mancini. In September, her name was changed to "AJ Lee". She began challenging for the Queen of FCW title, and at the tapings on February 4, 2010, AJ defeated Serena to win the crown.
AJ then competed in a tournament to determine the inaugural FCW Divas Champion, defeating Tamina in the first round before she was eliminated by Serena in the semi-finals on June 6. AJ later challenged Naomi Knight for a shot at her FCW Divas Championship, but was unsuccessful in their bout on July 4. The following week, AJ and Serena interrupted Naomi during an interview, and AJ watched while Serena attacked Naomi, turning AJ into a villain. Naomi went on to retain her championship by defeating both AJ and Serena in a triple threat match. On episode 100 of "FCW TV" on August 29, AJ fought Naomi to a double countout in a match where both AJ's Queen of FCW title and Naomi's FCW Divas Championship were on the line. A month later, AJ lost to Naomi in a lumberjill match, thus ending their feud.
In mid-November, AJ dropped the Queen of FCW title to Rosa Mendes. At the next tapings on December 16, AJ defeated Naomi to win the FCW Divas Championship. Her victory made her the first FCW Diva to have held both the Divas Championship and the title of Queen of FCW. She held the championship until the tapings on April 7, 2011, where she lost it to Aksana.
NXT and teaming with Kaitlyn (2010–2011).
On August 31, 2010, AJ was announced as a participant in the all-female third season of "NXT", with Primo serving as her WWE pro. AJ made her televised in-ring debut in a mixed tag team match alongside Primo against Aksana and Goldust in a winning effort on the September 7 season premiere of "NXT". The following week, she and Primo competed in another mixed tag team match, suffering her first loss against Kaitlyn and Dolph Ziggler. Over the next three weeks, AJ won a singles match against Maxine and three challenges, tying her with Kaitlyn in immunity points, but she lost a crowd reaction poll to receive immunity from elimination on October 5. Over the next four weeks, she won two challenges, and survived elimination on November 2. Over the next two weeks, AJ defeated both Nikki Bella and Aksana in singles competition, and won two challenges, thus earning immunity from elimination on November 16. Despite winning a challenge and in singles competition against Naomi on November 23, AJ was eliminated from the competition. She returned to "NXT" on the November 30 season finale, where she was victorious teaming with The Bella Twins against Aksana, Maxine and Alicia Fox, and afterwards shared a kiss with Primo; she also celebrated with her friend Kaitlyn after she was named WWE's "Breakout Diva".
AJ made her main roster debut on the May 27, 2011 episode of "SmackDown" alongside Kaitlyn as a tag team that was occasionally referred to on WWE.com as "The Chickbusters". They were led by their storyline mentor Natalya, and competed against the team of Alicia Fox and Tamina, losing to them in back-to-back weeks. Her first victory came on June 10, when she pinned Tamina in singles competition on "SmackDown". The trio feuded with Fox, Tamina and Rosa Mendes throughout mid-2011.
On the August 5 episode of "SmackDown", AJ lost a singles match to Natalya, who then turned on her protégé, attacking her and declaring war on the "perky little princesses" that comprised the rest of the Divas division. AJ and Kaitlyn were defeated by the Divas of Doom (Natalya and Beth Phoenix) in a tag team match the following week, and were attacked by both members after the match. Over the following months, AJ and Kaitlyn continued to lose both singles and tag team matches to the Divas of Doom. In November, tension began to be teased between AJ and Kaitlyn, with Kaitlyn upset at their repeated losses.
Various relationships and Raw General Manager (2011–2013).
Also in November 2011, AJ began a romantic storyline with Daniel Bryan. In December, Bryan won the World Heavyweight Championship and began to display villainous traits. Despite AJ's declaration of love for Bryan, Bryan avoided saying that he loved her in return. On the January 13, 2012 episode of "SmackDown", AJ accompanied Bryan for his title defense against Big Show. During the match, Big Show accidentally collided with AJ, injuring her in storyline and causing her to be taken out on a stretcher. AJ returned on February 3, saving Bryan from Big Show.
In March 2012, Bryan began mistreating AJ, publicly demanding that she "shut up" and claiming that she always got in his way. Despite these actions, AJ continued to stand by Bryan. At WrestleMania XXVIII, Bryan's reign as World Champion ended when Sheamus defeated him in 18 seconds due to Bryan being distracted after a "good luck kiss" from AJ. Bryan then blamed AJ for his loss of the World Heavyweight Championship and ended their relationship. Despite AJ's attempts to mend their relationship, Bryan rebuffed her multiple times, leaving AJ distraught—resulting in AJ lashing out towards her friend Kaitlyn when she attempted to comfort her.
AJ then turned her affections to Bryan's rival, WWE Champion CM Punk, as well as fellow WWE title contender Kane. At No Way Out on June 17, AJ interfered in a triple threat match for the WWE Championship between Punk, Bryan and Kane, helping Punk retain his championship by distracting Kane. As the feud between Bryan and Punk continued, AJ was announced as the special guest referee for their title match at Money in the Bank. While Bryan made advances on AJ in an attempt to influence her, AJ continued showing interest in Punk, but Punk let her down by not watching her match. A vengeful AJ then sent Punk and Bryan crashing through a ringside table during their match on "Raw" on July 2. The following week, AJ proposed to Punk, prompting Bryan to propose to her in return; Punk rejected her proposal and AJ slapped both men. At Money in the Bank, as guest referee, AJ counted Punk's pinfall on Bryan resulting in a successful title defense for Punk; as Punk celebrated over a fallen Bryan, AJ was left alone. The following night on "Raw", Bryan once again proposed to AJ, who accepted.
During the exchange of vows at "Raw 1000", AJ announced she had been offered the job of "Raw" General Manager by WWE chairman Vince McMahon and left Bryan at the altar. Her first official day began July 30, where she alleged Bryan only wanted the legal leverage to have her committed, forcing him to undergo his own psychological evaluation. Later, AJ modified Punk's WWE Championship bout at SummerSlam into a triple threat match due to his interference during a number one contender's match between John Cena and Big Show. Meanwhile, AJ continued to exact her revenge on Bryan by denying him a WWE Championship shot and instead forcing him to face Kane at SummerSlam. Concurrently, she began feuding with Vickie Guerrero, who demanded AJ's General Manager role, deeming AJ too childish. Punk later humiliated AJ for her past affections, leading to Paul Heyman also demanding the General Manager position alongside Vickie.
AJ stepped down from her General Manager duties on October 22, due to the stress of allegations of fraternizing and having an affair with a wrestler on the "Raw" roster, which was later revealed to be John Cena. In the following weeks, Vickie showed evidence of Cena and AJ going to a business dinner, AJ walking into Cena's room and more. At Survivor Series, AJ tried to show "evidence" of Vickie fraternizing, but was attacked by the returning Tamina Snuka. The following night on "Raw", Cena and AJ passionately kissed each other to give Vickie and Dolph Ziggler something "to talk about". AJ kissed Cena again after his match against Ziggler the following week, starting a relationship between the two. On the December 3 episode of "Raw", AJ defeated Tamina in a singles match.
At the pay-per-view, AJ turned heel after interfering in Cena and Ziggler's ladder match by pushing Cena off the ladder. The following night on the "Raw" Slammy Awards special, AJ won the Slammy for "Kiss of the Year" with Cena, which was presented by Vickie. AJ and Vickie started arguing, which led to Ziggler intervening and AJ kissing him in front of Vickie, solidifying their relationship. In the main event, AJ teamed up with Ziggler to take on Cena and Vickie, with Cena and Vickie emerging victorious via disqualification after the debuting Big E Langston interfered and attacked Cena on AJ's behalf. AJ later justified her actions, stating that Cena did not care about anyone but himself and that he broke her heart, so she helped Ziggler break him.
In March 2013, AJ re-entered a feud with her ex-boyfriend Daniel Bryan after they traded insults backstage. Following AJ and Langston's assistance towards Ziggler's victories over Bryan and his tag team partner Kane, she challenged Team Hell No (Bryan and Kane) to defend their WWE Tag Team Championships at WrestleMania 29 against Ziggler and Langston, which they accepted. Concurrently, AJ got into a brawl with Divas Champion Kaitlyn after Kaitlyn insulted her, and then defeated Kaitlyn in a non-title match via countout. Later, AJ and Ziggler were defeated by Kaitlyn and Bryan in a mixed tag team match, in which AJ was pinned by Kaitlyn. The following night on "Raw", AJ and Langston accompanied Ziggler as he cashed in his Money in the Bank contract on Alberto Del Rio to win the World Heavyweight Championship.
Divas Champion (2013–present).
AJ won a battle royal on the April 22, 2013 episode of "Raw" to become the number one contender to Kaitlyn's Divas Championship. On the June 10 episode of "Raw", AJ was revealed as Kaitlyn's secret admirer after setting up Big E Langston to pose as the admirer before revealing the truth, berating Kaitlyn and leaving her in tears. Six days later at the inaugural Payback pay-per-view, AJ defeated Kaitlyn to capture her first Divas Championship. AJ celebrated her championship win the following night on "Raw", but was confronted by Stephanie McMahon and eventually attacked by Kaitlyn. In the following weeks, AJ and Langston continued to mock Kaitlyn, with AJ ultimately retaining her Divas Championship against Kaitlyn in a rematch at Money in the Bank on July 14. Later that night, AJ cost Dolph Ziggler his rematch for the World Heavyweight Championship against Alberto Del Rio, after she prematurely snuck into the ring and and hit Del Rio with her Divas title, prompting a disqualification.
The following night on "Raw", Ziggler ended his relationship with AJ due to her actions the previous night. AJ exacted revenge by costing Ziggler a non-title match against Del Rio, then she attacked Ziggler and unleashed Langston on him. On the August 2 episode of "SmackDown", Langston was banned from attending AJ's matches. However, AJ successfully defended her title against Kaitlyn after Kaitlyn's friend Layla turned on her. At SummerSlam, AJ and Langston were defeated by Kaitlyn and Ziggler in a mixed tag team match, putting an end to their feud.
On the August 26 episode of "Raw", AJ started a feud with the cast of "Total Divas" by cutting a worked shoot promo criticizing them. The following week on "Raw", AJ interfered in a triple threat number one contender's match between the "Total Divas" of Natalya, Naomi, and Brie Bella, resulting in the match being stopped when they all attacked her. Thus, AJ had to defend her title against the trio in a fatal four-way at Night of Champions, where she retained her championship. In late September, AJ enlisted Tamina as her bodyguard. AJ went on to successfully defend her championship against Brie Bella at Battleground with help from Tamina, but was legitimately sent home from the following night's "Raw" after she showed signs of a concussion stemming from when her head struck a ring post during her title defense. She returned to action at Hell in a Cell where she once again defeated Brie Bella. At Survivor Series, AJ captained a team in a traditional seven-on-seven elimination tag team match against the cast of "Total Divas", in which she was the last to be eliminated, courtesy of Natalya. This led to a title match between the two at the pay-per-view, where AJ once again retained her championship. On the January 8, 2014 episode of "Main Event", AJ defeated her former best friend and tag team partner Kaitlyn in the latter's final match, officially ending their rivalry.
In mid-January, AJ became the longest reigning Divas Champion, surpassing Maryse's previous record. On April 6, at WrestleMania XXX, AJ successfully defended her Divas Championship in the 14-Diva "Vickie Guerrero Invitational" match. The following night on "Raw", AJ lost the championship after she boastfully challenged the debuting Paige to an impromptu title match, ending her reign at 295 days. It was subsequently reported that AJ had requested time off from WWE.
AJ returned on the June 30 episode of "Raw" to challenge Paige to a rematch for the Divas Championship, where she emerged victorious, capturing her second Divas Championship, turning face once again.
Other media.
AJ, alongside several other WWE employees, voiced an animated version of herself in the 2014 film "Scooby-Doo! WrestleMania Mystery".
Personal life.
Mendez has a tattoo in tally marks on the back of her neck, which read as "6-16-13", commemorating the date on which she won her first WWE Divas Championship. Mendez became a fan of comic books in the fourth grade and said that comics gave her a sense of creativity that carried over to her later life. She also enjoys video games, and was the first female winner of WWE's "Superstar Challenge", defeating Mark Henry in the final round of a "WWE '12" tournament at WrestleMania XXVIII Axxess.
Mendez married Phil Brooks, better known as CM Punk, on June 13, 2014. She was previously in a relationship with her trainer Jay Lethal.

</doc>
<doc id="36618632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618632" title="Jan Seklucjan">
Jan Seklucjan

Jan Seklucjan (born either in 1498 or around 1510, died 1578) (also known as "Jan from Siekluki", "Seclucian", "Seclucianus") was a Polish Lutheran theologian, an activist in the Protestant Reformation in Poland and Ducal Prussia (a Polish fief), translator, writer, publisher and printer.
Biography.
Little is known about his early life. According to his name he was born or came from the village of Siekluki in Mazovia, near Radom. Originally Seklucjan was a Dominican. After studying at Leipzig he moved in around 1543 to Poznań, where he served as a Lutheran preacher. Threatened by the local bishop with a charge of heresy, in 1544 he moved to Königsberg (Królewiec, today Kaliningrad) in Ducal Prussia, at the time a fief of the Kingdom of Poland. There he lived under the protection of Duke Albert of Prussia and began publishing and printing Lutheran literature in the Polish language. He was encouraged in his endeavors by Duke Albert, who wanted to have the Bible and catechism translated into the vernacular language of his many Polish subjects. He was in charge of the parish of the church in Steindamm (part of Königsberg), which served as a local center for Lutheran Poles. In many of his works he cooperated with the Polish Lutheran theologian Andrzej Samuel.
Works.
Seklucjan focused mostly on translations into Polish. In 1544 or 1545 he published a Polish language catechism, entitled "Wyznanie wiary chrześcijańskiej" (Profession of the Christian Faith), most likely based on Martin Luther's Small Catechism, a second edition of which was printed in 1547. Also in 1547 he published a hymnal, "Pieśni duchowne a nabożne" ("Holy and divine hymns"), which included 35 religious hymns, including eight written by Luther.
In 1544 Albert of Prussia issued an edict requiring that the Bible be read in Polish to the growing number of Polish Protestants in the Duchy. To that effect he sought to procure a Polish language translator. His first choice was the theologian Rapagelanus, chair at the University of Konigsberg. However, Rapagelanus died in 1545 before completing the task. Albert's second choice was the theologian Stapelage, who soon became embroiled in controversy and ended up converting back to Catholicism. It was at this point that Albert commissioned Seklucjan. As a result, in 1551 Seklucjan began publishing translations of the New Testament into Polish. First, in that year, he published the Gospel of Matthew, then the other Evangelists, and in 1553 the complete New Testament. In these translations, Seklucjan collaborated with and relied on Stanisław Murzynowski, and it is likely that most of the translation work was done by Murzynowski, with Seklucjan merely taking the credit.
Additionally, the translation of the New Testament into Polish was delayed by a dispute between Seklucjan and another Polish translator, Jan Sandecki-Malecki. While the origins of the dispute concerned the usefulness of the Czech language as an aid in translating the New Catechism (with Sandecki-Malecki extolling the usefulness of Czech and Seklucjan insisting on purely "Polish words"), it quickly evolved to include doctrinal matters. Ultimately, thanks to support from Andreas Osiander, Seklucjan was given the exclusive right to the translation for four years, although he was forbidden from including his own commentary (aside from a preface).
Seklucjan also wrote original works, including "Rozprawa krótka a prosta o niktórych ceremonijach i ustawach kościelnych" (A short and simple treatise on some ceremonies and practices of the church"), a poetic dialog between a "student" (the author) who had just come back from travels abroad, and his elders who had stayed home. He also translated the works of the vernacular Polish poet and the founder of Polish literary language and literature, Mikołaj Rej.

</doc>
<doc id="36618638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618638" title="Chaqeh-ye Baluchha">
Chaqeh-ye Baluchha

Chaqeh-ye Baluchha (, also Romanized as Chāqeh-ye Balūchhā; also known as Chāgheh-ye Balūchhā and Chāqeh) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 285, in 57 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618653" title="Heshmatabad, Zaveh">
Heshmatabad, Zaveh

Heshmatabad (, also Romanized as Ḩeshmatābād) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 394, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618657" title="Kariz-e Geli">
Kariz-e Geli

Kariz-e Geli (, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Gelī) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618664" title="Marghzar, Razavi Khorasan">
Marghzar, Razavi Khorasan

Marghzar (, also Romanized as Marghzār) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,933, in 663 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618668" title="Pa Godar, Razavi Khorasan">
Pa Godar, Razavi Khorasan

Pa Godar (, also Romanized as Pā Godār) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618670" title="Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe">
Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe

Heanton Satchville was a historic manor in the parish of Petrockstowe, North Devon, England. With origins in the Domesday manor of Hantone, it was first recorded as belonging to the Yeo family in the mid-14th century and was then owned successively by the Rolle, Walpole and Trefusis families. The mansion house was destroyed by fire in 1795. In 1812 Lord Clinton purchased the manor and mansion of nearby Huish, renamed it Heanton Satchville, and made it his seat.
The nearly-forgotten house was featured in the 2005 edition of Rosemary Lauder's "Vanished Houses of North Devon". A farmhouse now occupies the former stable block with a large tractor shed where the house once stood.
Description of mansion.
The mansion was at one time "one of the most imposing houses ever to exist in Devon". The Hearth Tax return of 1674 recorded 26 hearths for the house, making it the second largest house in Devon after Werrington.
It was described by Rev. John Swete in 1789. Referring to it as a "vast pile built at different times", he noted a carved date of 1639 which he concluded was not the earliest date of the building but only served to date the portal above which it was located. The parapet walls, the mullions of the windows and the pavement were all made of moorstone. The south side of the house had a "most noble terrace" of 130 paces in width, with a bowling green and adjacent walks. The property afforded views of several churches and the house of Sir James Innes in Huish to the east of the property.
Descent of the manor.
Normans.
The manor of "Hantone" is listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as the 35th of the 176 Devonshire holdings of Baldwin the Sheriff, feudal baron of Okehampton. His tenant was Ralph of Bruyère, from Bruyère in Calvados, Normandy, who also held from Baldwin the manors of Dunterton, Broad Nymett, Appledore,
Teignrace and Wolborough. Before 1066 the lord of the manor had been Edwin. It was in Shebbear hundred
Sachville.
According to "Magna Britannia" (1822), between the reigns of Kings Richard I (1189-1199) and Henry III (1216-1272), the manor of Heanton Sachville was held by members of the Sachville family, originally from Sageuile, France. The Book of Fees lists "Yauntone" as held by John "de Sicca Villa" (the Latinized form of the name) from the feudal barony of Okehampton, whose lord was the Courtenay family, later Earls of Devon.
Killigrew.
It later passed to the Killigrew family, a prominent Cornish family.
Yeo.
The manor came into the Yeo family at the beginning of the reign of King Edward III (1327-1377) when Nicholas Yeo, son of William Yeo, married Elizabeth Killigrew, daughter and heiress of Henry Killigrew of Heanton Sachville. The descent was as follows:
Rolle.
Henry Rolle (died c. 1620).
Henry Rolle (died c. 1620,), 3rd son of George Rolle George Rolle (c. 1486-1552), Keeper of the Records of the Court of Common Pleas and MP for Barnstaple in 1542 and 1545, of Stevenstone near Great Torrington, Devon, situated about 5 1/2 miles north-east of Heanton Satchville. Henry married Margaret Yeo, daughter and heiress of Robert Yeo of Heanton Satchville.
Rolle and Yeo brasses.
On the north wall of Petrockstowe parish church are affixed two monumental brasses of Henry Rolle (left, westernmost) and his wife Margaret Yeo (died 1591), (right, easternmost) the heiress of Heanton Satchville. These are not in their original positions, but are likely originally to have been joined together. The two halves of the shields when joined would show the arms of Rolle impaling Yeo.
Brass of Henry Rolle.
Inscribed in Roman capitals below is the following text: "Here lyeth the body of Henry Rolle Esquieer fourth sonne of George Rolle of Stevenston who maryed Margaret Yeo daughter and sole heire unto Robert Yeo Esquir decesed and had issue by hir sonnes & doughters nyneteene". On a speech scroll issuing from Henry Rolle's mouth the words "MORS MIHI LUCRUM", from St Paul's Epistle to the Philippians, 1:21 ("Mihi enim vivere Christus est et mori lucrum", transated in the King James Bible as: "For to me to live is Christ and to die is gain"). The Rolle arms are shown each side of him.
Brass of Margaret Yeo.
Affixed in modern times immediately to the right of the brass of Henry Rolle is that of his wife Margaret Yeo, heiress of Petrockstowe manor. Inscribed below is the following Gothic text: "Here lyeth the bodye of Margaret the wife of Henry Rolle Esquier, daughter and hayre of Robert Yeo Esquire who deceased the Vth day of January and in ye yeare of Our Lorde God 1591". From her mouth issues a speech scroll inscribed: "My children feare the lorde", referring to Psalms 34:11: "Come ye children hearken unto me I will teach you the fear of the Lord" A human skull is shown directly in front of her face, symbolising death, and perhaps her contemplation of that event. Shown either side of Margaret is a shield bearing the arms of Yeo: "Argent, a chevron sable between three drakes azure", which arms can be seen in stained glass reset in incomplete form in the vestry window.
Robert Rolle (died 1633).
Robert Rolle (died 1633) (eldest son), who married Joane Hele (died 1634), daughter of Thomas Hele of Fleete. He produced three distinguished sons, the younger two of whom were:
Sir Samuel I Rolle (c. 1588-1647).
Sir Samuel I Rolle (c. 1588-1647) (eldest son and heir) of Heanton Satchville, Member of Parliament for Callington, Cornwall in 1640 and for Devon 1641-1647 and a supporter of the parliamentary side in the Civil War.
Robert Rolle (died 1660).
Robert Rolle (died 1660), MP, (eldest son and heir) He married Lady Arabella Clinton, the younger daughter of Theophilus Clinton, 4th Earl of Lincoln and 12th Baron Clinton (died 1667).
Samuel II Rolle (died 1717).
Samuel II Rolle (died 1717) (eldest son and heir), elected to Parliament 18 times. He married as his second wife Margaret Tuckfield and had surviving issue a daughter and sole heiress Margaret Rolle, 15th Baroness Clinton (1709-1781).
Margaret Rolle, 15th Baroness Clinton (1709-1781).
Margaret Rolle, "suo jure" 15th Baroness Clinton (1709-1781) (daughter and sole heiress). She inherited the title Baroness Clinton from her childless cousin Hugh Fortescue, 14th Baron Clinton, 1st Baron Fortescue and 1st Earl Clinton (died 1751), of Filleigh, Devon.
Trefusis.
The manor was then inherited by the Trefusis family together with the barony of Clinton and Say, in the person of George William Trefusis, according to Lysons. Robert George William Trefusis (1764–1797) successfully claimed the title 17th Baron Clinton in 1794.
In 1795, the house was destroyed by fire and Rev. John Swete reported in his journal of 1797, when he was visiting John Inglett Fortescue at nearby Buckland Filleigh, that he had seen a painting by Rubens that Baron Clinton had himself rescued from the fire and had sent to Fortescue to look after while he was still homeless. Swete also reported that in the same fire Mr Fortescue had lost a much-valued family portrait of an ancestor which he had sent to Heanton Satchville to be restored by Lord Clinton's picture restorer.
In 1797, the 17th Baron died, leaving his son and heir Robert Cotton St John Trefusis, 18th Baron Clinton (1787–1832) a minor aged ten. Next, George Cholmondeley, 4th Earl of Cholmondeley (1749–1827), later 1st Marquess, who was heir to the Walpole estates, launched a legal suit against the young Robert Trefusis for possession of the former Rolle estates. Although the legal case took nine years to resolve, it was decided in favour of Baron Clinton. The house at Petrockstowe was never rebuilt, but in 1812 the 18th Baron purchased the contiguous manor of Huish to the east together with its capital mansion Innes House, made it the new family seat, and renamed it Heanton Satchville.
Samuel Lysons wrote in 1822: "Heanton Sachville, which was some time a seat of the Rolles, and afterwards of the Earls of Orford, was burnt down several years ago. A farm-house has been fitted up out of the ruins. The deer-park is still kept up". The only remnant of the original mansion is the stable block, now the site of a modern farmhouse called Heanton Barton. A large modern tractor shed occupies the flat site of the former mansion house.

</doc>
<doc id="36618678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618678" title="Ilves-Kissat">
Ilves-Kissat

Ilves-Kissat Tampere (Finnish: Tampereen-Viipurin Ilves-Kissat ‘Lynx Cats of Tampere-Viipuri’), is a Finnish sports club in Tampere, which was founded in 1932 in Viipuri with the name Viipurin Ilves. It is now officially known as Tampereen-Viipurin Ilves-Kissat. It plays its home matches on various stadia, e.g. Ratina Stadium, Tammela Stadion, Kaukajärvi and Lamminpää.
The name of the club was changed to Viipurin Ilves (‘Lynx of Viipuri’) in 1934, and as a result of the Winter War, the club was relocated in Tampere in 1940. However, there already was a club called Ilves in Tampere, so club reverted to the name Ilves-Kissat in December 1944.
In football, Ilves-Kissat was promoted to the Mestaruussarja (‘Championship Series’), top flight of Finnish football, in 1948, and in 1950 they won the championship. It was the first Finnish championship in football for any club from Tampere. In 1970 Ilves-Kissat played its first European competitive match against Sturm Graz from Austria. Ilves-Kissat won the match played in Ratina with a scoreline of 4–2, but in Austria they lost 0–3, and thus lost 4–5 on aggregate. The match was part of the 1970–71 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.
In 1974 Ilves-Kissat and Tampellan Palloilijat merged with Ilves Tampere, which now became fully involved in football. Ilves-Kissat discontinued its activities in the sport, but on lower tiers of Finnish football it is, in a way, represented by its sister club, Kissalan Pojat (namesake of the Katzenjammer Kids).
Being a club originally from Viipuri, it was natural for Ilves-Kissat to be involved in bandy, in which it was in the 1940s one of the best clubs in the country. During that decade, Ilves-Kissat played in the Finnish Bandy Championship Series together with its sister club, Kissalan Pojat. Ilves-Kissat had a number of Finnish internationals amongst its ranks, such as Leo Turunen, Kalevi Tervo and Paavo Pylkkänen.
In 1975 an association called Ilves-Kissat Kilta (‘The Ilves-Kissat Guild’) was founded, in order to cherish the traditions of the club. In the autumn of 1986, former players and supporters of the club fouded it anew, at which point the official name became Tampereen-Viipurin Ilves-Kissat.
In the autumn of 2004, with the club’s football team in 6th Division the management of the club decided to make a push for higher tiers, and in the autumn of 2010 the club achieved promotion to Kakkonen, i.e. 3rd tier. For the 2011 season, Ilves-Kissat entered an arrangement whereby they became the farm team for FC Haka of Valkeakoski, but the season ended with relegation to 3rd Division.
As stated above, the greatest moments of glory of this club occurred in the 1940s an 1950’s. Three times footballer Yrjö Asikainen was the topscorer of the Mestaruussarja 1949, 1950 and 1955. He also played for the national team. He was the president of the guild almost from the start and until his death on 3 December 2008. Leo Turunen, originally of Viipuri, was elected the Finnish Footballer of the Year in 1947. The club boast some 30 Finnish international players in its history, such as Yrjö Asikainen, Thure Sarnola, Leo Turunen, Aarno Rinne, Aarno Niinimäki, Olavi Lilja, Kalevi Lilja, Simo Lehmusvirta, Veikko Forsblom, Veikko Hovivuori, Jarmo Manninen, Harri Holli, Mikko Lampi, Matti Mäkelä, Kalevi Nupponen, Matti Haahti, Olli Heinonen, Semi Nuoranen, Esko Valkama, Erkki Vihtilä, Hannu Asikainen and Matti Pitko.
Some of the notable football managers of the club through the years have been Tomi Mönkkönen, Jukka Heinonen and Jussi Ristimäki, of whom the last mentioned has achieved Finnish championship both with FC Ilves of Tampere and FC Jazz of Pori.
Ilves-Kissat is also involved in futsal, currently in 3rd Division. The women’s futsal team is playing the Women’s Futsal Finnish Championship League, and the football team plays in Women’s Kolmonen, i.e. 3rd Division.
The president of the club is Ari Suoniemi. Two men have been elected honorary presidents of the club, Industrial Councillor Veikko Matikainen (1923–2006) and master builder Heikki Peltonen (1934–2010).
The Ilves-Kissat Guild was founded in 1975 to cherish the traditions of the club in football and its roots in Viipuri. Since 1991 the guild has made an annual trip to Viipuri, where it has played, together with Reipas Lahti, which also has its roots in this city, friendlies against the local shipyard team.

</doc>
<doc id="36618680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618680" title="Pa Godar">
Pa Godar

Pa Godar or Pagodar or Pa-ye Godar or Pagdar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618684" title="Columbus State Cougars">
Columbus State Cougars

The Columbus State Cougars represent Columbus State University in intercollegiate sports in the Peach Belt Conference in NCAA's Division II. The school's co-ed rifle team, however, competes at the Division I level as members of the Ohio Valley Conference.
The University currently fields 14 varsity Division II men's and women's teams and one Division I co-ed team, rifle.
Sports.
Baseball.
The university baseball team at Columbus State University has made seven trips(1984, 1986, 1987, 1990, 2002, 2004, 2007) to the College World Series, twenty-three(1975, 1976, 1977, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011) NCAA Regional Championship appearances, and is frequently in the NCSWA National Top 30 Poll. The Cougars won the 2002 NCAA Division II World Series and were the National Runners-Up at the 1986 and 2007 NCAA Division II World Series.
Golf.
The CSU golf team has won six NCAA National Championships; 1978,1980,1989,1992,1994 and 1997.
Rifle.
Columbus State Athletics Department co-hosted the 2011 Rifle National Championship with Fort Benning. This was the first time a National Championship was hosted on CSU's campus. 
In the 2012-13 school year, the rifle team began competing in the Division I Ohio Valley Conference. Rifle has a single NCAA championship open to schools from all three NCAA divisions, and in that sport, Division II members are allowed to offer the same number of full scholarship equivalents as Division I schools.
Assistant rifle coach, Jamie Gray, won the gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics in the 50-Meter Three-Position event with a score of 691.9.

</doc>
<doc id="36618691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618691" title="Pa Qaleh, Razavi Khorasan">
Pa Qaleh, Razavi Khorasan

Pa Qaleh (, also Romanized as Pā Qal‘eh) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 315, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618699" title="Petrow">
Petrow

Petrow (, also Romanized as Peţrow, Patrow, Paţrū, Peţrāv, and Petroo) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,470, in 342 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618704" title="Pectinatites">
Pectinatites

Pectinatites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the order Ammonoidea, that lived during the upper Tithonian stage of the Late Jurassic. They were fast-moving nektonic carnivores. 
Clutches of eggs attributed to this genus have been discovered in the Kimmeridge Clay.

</doc>
<doc id="36618708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618708" title="Patru">
Patru

Patru may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618718" title="Sadabad, Zaveh">
Sadabad, Zaveh

Sadabad (, also Romanized as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 839, in 229 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618731" title="1956 Chim earthquake">
1956 Chim earthquake

The 1956 Chim earthquake was a destructive multiple-shock event that occurred on March 16 in Lebanon along a strand of the Dead Sea Transform (DST) fault system. The epicenter was located in the south of Lebanon in the Chouf District. Six thousand homes were destroyed and another 17,000 were damaged. The number of persons killed was 136.
The twin shocks were separated by less than fifteen minutes with the first event occurring at 19:32 and the second event at 19:43 hours. The initial shock was estimated to measure (Ms = 4.8) and the second event was rated (Ms = 5.1).
The DST is a long transform fault that runs in a mostly north-south direction from the northern end of the Red Sea along the Jordan Rift Valley to the Taurus Mountains complex in southern Turkey. The left-lateral fault zone marks the boundary of the Arabian Plate and the Sinai-Levantine block and consists of multiple parallel faults. As the fault moves through Lebanon and Syria the fault trace follows a restraining bend and splits into several strands that include the Serghaya, Rachaya, and Roum faults, as well as the prominent Yammouneh fault.
The Roum fault runs for a length of between the Hula basin the Awali river and is the westernmost strand of the fault system in that area. A paleoseismic trench investigation revealed that it may have been the source of the twin-shock event.

</doc>
<doc id="36618732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618732" title="Safiabad, Zaveh">
Safiabad, Zaveh

Safiabad (, also Romanized as Şafīābād; also known as Şūfīābād) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,305, in 986 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618735" title="City of Dragons">
City of Dragons

City of Dragons is a novel by Robin Hobb, the third novel in "The Rain Wild Chronicles". It was released in September 2011 and is a direct continuation of the previous novel: Dragon Haven.
Plot summary.
Return to the world of the Liveships Traders and journey along the Rain Wild River in the third installment of high adventure from the author of the internationally acclaimed Farseer trilogy.
Kelsingra waits for those brave enough to enter...
The dragons and their keepers have discovered Kelsingra but so far only Heeby has succeeded in flying over the river to enter the fabled city. The other dragons, with their deformed wings and feeble muscles, are afraid to risk failure and humiliation. But wondrous things wait in Kelsingra, a city built for dragons and their Elderling keepers.
Alise, overwhelmed by the treasures she finds there, records her finds for posterity. Once the rest of the world knows about the riches the city contains, nothing will ever be the same again. Already, rumours of the city's discovery have floated down the Rain Wild River and reached envious ears in Bingtown and beyond. Adventurers, pirates and fortune hunters are coming in droves to pillage what they can from the city. As is Hest Finbok, Alise's husband...
Meanwhile, Selden Vestrit finds himself a prisoner of the ailing Duke of Chalced, who believes him to be some sort of dragon-man whose flesh and blood may work miracle cures.
Where is Tintaglia, the great sapphire-blue dragon, when all have such need of her? Has she really abandoned her beloved Selden and the fledgling dragons forever? Or will she too return to seek the wonders of Kelsingra?
©2012 Robin Hobb (P)2012 HarperCollins Publishers Limited
Characters in "City of Dragons".
Minor Characters

</doc>
<doc id="36618738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618738" title="Sufiabad">
Sufiabad

Sufiabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618742" title="Shir Khun">
Shir Khun

Shir Khun (, also Romanized as Shīr Khūn; also known as Shīr Khān) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618758" title="Statue of Oliver Cromwell, Westminster">
Statue of Oliver Cromwell, Westminster

A statue of Oliver Cromwell stands outside the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in Westminster, London. It is a sculpture of Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland. The statue was designed by Hamo Thornycroft and erected in 1899. It has divided opinion, both before its erection and since, due to Cromwell's opposition to the British monarchy and his role in the conquest of Ireland.
Description.
The statue was sculpted by Hamo Thornycroft, and features Cromwell standing holding a sword and a bible. The bible is marked "Holy Bible 1641", and while the main statue of Cromwell is marked "Hamo Thornycroft 1897", the lion on the base is marked "1899".
History.
Following the fire which destroyed parts of the Palace of Westminster in the 19th century, the question whether or not Oliver Cromwell should have a statue in the reconstruction of the Palace was debated in the pages of "The Times", and "Punch" magazine satirised the issue. The question was raised once more in the House of Commons in 1856, with John George Phillimore saying "any man who could object to a statue of Cromwell must be imbued with bigotry and party spirit in the highest degree". It was raised several more times over the following years by supporters of a statue.
The government publicly proposed a statue of Cromwell for the first time in 1895, which immediately resulted in members of the public questioning the decision due the divided opinions about Cromwell. The proposal ended in a parliamentary debate and vote, in which the Government narrowly avoided defeat when the Unionists sided with them while the majority of the Conservatives and the Irish Nationalists voted against the measure because of Cromwell's history in Ireland. The decision was condemned by newspapers in Ireland. Following further opposition from the Irish National Party, the proposal was withdrawn on 17 July 1895. Herbert Gladstone, First Commissioner of Works, approved the statue with the funding coming from an anonymous private donor. In 1899 his successor Aretas Akers-Douglas confirmed the statue's proposed location as the sunken garden next to Westminster Hall. The statue was unveiled on 31 October 1899, followed by a speech on Cromwell by Prime Minister Lord Rosebery, who was later revealed as the anonymous donor who paid for the statue.
In 2004, a group of Members of Parliament including Tony Banks proposed a motion that the statue should be removed and melted down. The move was not supported, and other MPs suggested that the statue should be moved somewhere else. 
Restoration work took place in August 2008, removing dirt and a coat of black wax which had been previously applied to the bronzework. This changed the colour of the statue from black to a more natural brown, and potassium sulphide was applied in order to even out the colour of both Cromwell and the lion. It was coated in a clear wax in order to ensure that the natural finish remained. The conservation work was completed in time for the 350th anniversary of Cromwell's death on 3 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36618760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618760" title="Shestan Olya">
Shestan Olya

Shestan Olya (, also Romanized as Shestān ‘Olyā; also known as Shastān-e Bālā, Shāshtū, Shastān, and Shishtu) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618782" title="Dudley triangle">
Dudley triangle

In mathematics, the Dudley triangle is a triangular array of integers that was defined by . It consists of the numbers
Dudley exhibited several rows of this triangle, and challenged readers to find the next row; the challenge was met by J. G. Mauldon, who proposed two different solutions. In one of Mauldon's solutions, the number at the intersection of the "m"th and "n"th diagonals (counting the top of the triangle as having "m" = "n" = 1) is given by the formula

</doc>
<doc id="36618784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618784" title="Bidvey">
Bidvey

Bidvey (, also Romanized as Bīdvey) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,079, in 251 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618788" title="Chahuk, Razavi Khorasan">
Chahuk, Razavi Khorasan

Chahuk (, also Romanized as Chāhūk; also known as Chāhyūn) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618803" title="Chakhmaq, Razavi Khorasan">
Chakhmaq, Razavi Khorasan

Chakhmaq (, also Romanized as Chakhmāq; also known as Chakmak and Chaqmāq) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,065, in 482 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618807" title="Chahuk">
Chahuk

Chahuk or Chahook () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618808" title="Anna Efimenko">
Anna Efimenko

Anna Efimenko is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S12 events, for visually impaired competitors.
Anna competed in four events at the 2008 Summer Paralympics winning three silver and a bronze. She won a bronze in the S13 backstroke and a silver in the S13 freestyle where she broke the world record for a S12 category swimmer. She also finished second in both the S12 and freestyle events behind team mate Oxana Savchenko who set new world records in both distances.

</doc>
<doc id="36618811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618811" title="Solomon Islands women's national rugby union team (sevens)">
Solomon Islands women's national rugby union team (sevens)

The Solomon Islands women's national sevens team is Solomon Islands national representative in Rugby sevens. They will be participating in the 2012 Oceania Women's Sevens Championship in Fiji.
Current Squad.
Squad to 2012 Oceania Women's Sevens Championship 

</doc>
<doc id="36618818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618818" title="Chakhmaq">
Chakhmaq

Chakhmaq () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618824" title="Olesya Vladykina">
Olesya Vladykina

Olesya Yuriyevna Vladykina (Rus. "Оле́ся Ю́рьевна Влады́кина") (born 14 February 1988) is a Paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category SB8 events.
Olesya competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and won a gold medal. She finished fourth in the individual medley and set a new world record in the 100m breastroke on her way to winning the gold medal.
Career.
She started learning professional swimming at Young People's Olympic Reserve Sports School 47 and practiced professionally for 10 years until her entrance to Moscow State University of Railway Engineering, when she concentrated on her studies, leaving active swimming for a year until her injury.
She lost her left arm when she and some friends were in Thailand on holiday and their touring bus capsized; she also suffered the lost of her best friend, fellow athlete Alexandra, in the crash. She resumed training a mere month after she was released from the hospital, and only 5 months later she won the Beijing Paralympic final.
Interesting facts.
When she returned to her swimming coach after the injury, he himself tried swimming with an arm behind his back, found it unusually difficult, and promised to introduce this mode of training to his other charges.

</doc>
<doc id="36618826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618826" title="Dalaneh">
Dalaneh

Dalaneh (, also Romanized as Dālāneh; also known as Dowlāneh) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618838" title="Firuzabad, Zaveh">
Firuzabad, Zaveh

Firuzabad (, also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 452, in 102 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618844" title="Anastasia Diodorova">
Anastasia Diodorova

Anastasia Diodorova is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S6 events.
Anastasia competed in both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics winning a silver medal. In 2004 she competed in the 100m backstroke and 50m butterfly finishing fourth in the final of both events. In 2008 she finished fourth in the final of the 100m backstroke, eighth in the final of the 200m individual medley, in the 50m butterfly she won a silver medal behind Fuying Jiang of China who set a new world record but ahead of Ukraine's Olena Akopyan who had set a world record in the heats that Anastasia swam faster than in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36618845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618845" title="Jafarabad, Zaveh">
Jafarabad, Zaveh

Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 805, in 206 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618852" title="Kahijeh">
Kahijeh

Kahijeh (, also Romanized as Kāhījeh) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,497, in 528 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618857" title="Kalateh-ye Khan, Razavi Khorasan">
Kalateh-ye Khan, Razavi Khorasan

Kalateh-ye Khan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khān) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 59 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618863" title="List of cities by murder rate">
List of cities by murder rate

The following list is of 50 cities in the world by murder rate (not including areas of war, or Middle Eastern cities).

</doc>
<doc id="36618866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618866" title="Katydid sequence">
Katydid sequence

The Katydid sequence is a sequence of numbers first defined in Clifford A. Pickover's book "Wonders of Numbers".
Description.
It is the smallest sequence of integers that contains 1 and is closed under "n" ↦ 2"n" + 2 and 7"n" + 7.
The first 10 elements of the sequence are: 1, 4, 10, 14, 22, 30, 35, 46, 62, 72.

</doc>
<doc id="36618874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618874" title="Kalateh-ye Now, Zaveh">
Kalateh-ye Now, Zaveh

Kalateh-ye Now (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Now; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mollā) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 56 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618887" title="Vladimir Palikhata">
Vladimir Palikhata

Vladimir M. Palikhata (born 23 September 1967 in Zolotniki Village of Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine) is a Russian entrepreneur and philanthropist, President of Rosenergomash Group (electrical engineering), Legacy Capital investment firm and President of the Moscow Chess Federation.
Biography.
Shortly after graduation from secondary school, Vladimir Palikhata served in the Soviet Army in from 1985 to 1987. He received a Diploma from Borschevsky Electrical Technical College in 1991 from which he graduated as an electrician/mechanic. He moved from Ukraine to Moscow, Russia the same year.
He worked as a line manager and forwarding agent for a trading and purchasing cooperative between 1991 and 1993. In 1993, Vladimir Palikhata started his own business as an independent trader on the Russian Commodity and Resource Exchange (RSTB) and the Moscow Commodity Exchange (MTB), Russia’s two largest commodity exchanges in the early and mid-1990s.
Palikhata received a degree in Business Competitiveness Management from the Moscow State Academy of Business Administration.
Entrepreneurial activities.
Vladimir Palikhata consolidated electrical engineering assets (including manufacturing of low-voltage switches, electrical components, generators and engines) in Russia and Ukraine, uniting them into Rosenergomash Group which he managed himself. 
Vladimir Palikhata’s complaint of attempted extortion led to arrest of a Russian Prosecutor General’s Office investigator Andrei Grivtsov. The investigator allegedly tried to extort a US$ 15 million bribe from Palikhata in exchange for dropping criminal charges for illegal corporate raiding (the Moscow City Court released Grivtsov in February on bail). The record amount of alleged extortion ensured that the incident had a very high profile in Russia.
Philanthropy and public work.
Russian Olympic Committee President Leonid Tyagachev and Vladimir Palikhata, in his capacity as President of Rosenergomash Group, signed an agreement in October 2007 making Rosenergomash a General Sponsor of the Russian Olympic Committee.
President of the Russian Rhythmic Gymnastics Federation Irina Viner and Rosenergomash Group President Vladimir Palikhata signed a partnership agreement in March 2009. Irina Viner proposed that all financial assistance should go directly to the young girl gymnasts who are just starting out in the Big Sport.
President of Kalmykia Republic Kirsan Ilyumzhinov and Rosenergomash Group President Vladimir Palikhata signed an agreement to provide charitable aid on 1 June 2009, the International Day for Protection of Children. The agreement provides for sending underprivileged children of Kalmykia to Orlenok children’s resort camp, which stands on the shore of the Sea of Azov in Kherson Region (Ukraine) and is controlled by Rosenergomash.
President of the Vladislav Tretyak International Sports Academy Foundation Vladislav Tretyak and Rosenergomash President Vladimir Palikhata agreed on a long-term partnership program on 6 July 2009. Under this arrangement, Rosenergomash became a sponsor and founder of special prizes for 2009 Challenge Cup children’s international hockey tournament which was held in Moscow from August 7 through 11, 2009.
At a March 2010 press conference called to announce nominees for the 2009 Nika Russian National Cinematographic Award an announcement was made of a newly signed agreement between Nika Award (signed by the Award’s founder and untiring organizer Yuli Gusman) and Rosenergomash Group (signed by the Group’s President Vladimir Palikhata). The agreement, which came into effect from July 2009, made Rosenergomash Group an official partner of the national cinematographic Nika Award, and the Group pledged to assist the Award organizers in every possible way.
Vladimir Palikhata is a co-publisher of Our Heritage («Наше наследие» (“Nashe Nasledie”)) Magazine. He also became one of the founders of an eponymous Nashe Nasledie Charitable Foundation in 2012. The new Foundation’s first event in April 2012 was an Evening of Chess at the Central Literary Author’s House, as part of a renewed tradition. Guests of honor at the event included Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev, Advisor to the Russian President Arkady Dvorkovich, People’s Artist of Russia actor and director Stanislav Govorukhin, movie director Yuli Gusman, former lawmaker and radio host Alexei Mitrofanov, politician and FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhinov and other notable persons. Evenings of Chess are expected to become regular recurring events.
Vladimir Palikhata was elected President of the Moscow Chess Federation (MCF) on 12 May 2012. In a savvy move to promote the Federation, he arranged for competition chess sets to be sent to the Mayors of Moscow’s 86 twin cities – national capitals and regional cities around the world – as an International Chess Day gift. His cover letter to the Mayors “extolled the virtues and benefits of chess – "a wise and ancient game," which, according to the release, can "help reduce stress associated with managing a city" and "bring pleasure".
Personal life.
Vladimir Palikhata is married and raising three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36618893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618893" title="Kashkak, Razavi Khorasan">
Kashkak, Razavi Khorasan

Kashkak (; also known as Kūshkak) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,408, in 303 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618898" title="Ervin Zsiga">
Ervin Zsiga

Ervin Zsiga (born 11 July 1991 in Satu Mare) is a Romanian footballer, who currently plays for Olimpia Satu Mare.
Career.
FC Vaslui.
He signed a 5-year contract with FC Vaslui in the summer of 2012. He made his debut in Liga I against Petrolul Ploiesti on 29 July 2012. Due to his poor performances he left FC Vaslui and joined the third division team Fortuna Brazi.

</doc>
<doc id="36618900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618900" title="Itapetinga Radio Observatory">
Itapetinga Radio Observatory

The Itapeting Radio Observatory (Portuguese: Rádio Observatório de Itapetinga - ROI) is a radio observatory located in the municipality of Atibaia in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. It is located approximately south of Atibaia and north of São Paulo. ROI was founded in 1970 by Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie (UPM). In 1982 control of the facility was passed to the National Institute for Space Research (INPE). Today it is managed jointly by INPE, UPM, University do Vale do Paraíba (Univap), Universidade de São Paulo (USP), and Universidade Federal de Itajubá (UNIFEI). In addition to the telescopes, the observatory has living quarters for visiting scientists. ROI is located inside a small radio quiet zone.

</doc>
<doc id="36618907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618907" title="Aleyak, Zaveh">
Aleyak, Zaveh

Aleyak (, also Romanized as ‘Aleyak, Alīak, Ali Aq, and ‘Alīyak; also known as Alīk) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,513, in 372 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618915" title="Vivian Benítez">
Vivian Benítez

Vivián Benítez (born October 1, 1970 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan beauty queen, model and TV Hostess who was crowned Miss Paraguay 1991.
Pageantry.
Vivian was crowned Miss Paraguay in a pageant of that name, held in her country during 1991. Later, on May 17 of that same year, she attended the Miss Universe pageant held in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA. She placed in the top 10, being the first Paraguayan in 27 years to hold that position (The last time that a Paraguayan made in the semifinals was in 1964), in addition, she was 1st runner up in the national costume award, placing after miss Colombia.
Personal life.
Vivian was a Law student while participating in the Miss Paraguay and Miss Unviverse pageants, however, she put her studies on hold afterwards. She is a certified declamation teacher and studied History of the Arts and Journalism in the USA.
In 1992 she married diplomatic and lawyer José Antonio Dos Santos. They raised 2 kids: José Antonio(19) and María Virginia (16). The couple divorced in 2011. Nowadays, she is dating the entrepreneur Eduardo Prayones. During the last couple of years Vivian was working as a television anchor in Paraguay's Channel 5 and Channel 13. Later, she joined Paravisión's anchor staff where she anchors the morning show "Buenos días Paraguay".
Currently she is an anchor for the tv show: "El mañanero".

</doc>
<doc id="36618918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618918" title="Kheyrollah Veisi">
Kheyrollah Veisi

Kheyrollah Veisi () is an Iranian footballer who most recently plays for Foolad in the Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Veisi joined Foolad F.C. in summer 2011.
References.
Kheyrollah Veisi at PersianLeague.com

</doc>
<doc id="36618920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618920" title="Khalid Baba">
Khalid Baba

Khalid Ismael Ali Baba (born 6 September 1996) is a Bahraini swimmer. 
He appeared in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, as part of Bahrain's Olympic team. He participated in the men's 100m butterfly event where he recorded a time of 1:04.05, which beat his previous personal best of 1:05.09.

</doc>
<doc id="36618921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618921" title="Jordan Lake (Alabama)">
Jordan Lake (Alabama)

Jordan Lake is a lake in Elmore County, Alabama. The closest town is Wetumpka. 
Jordan Lake is a reservoir with a water surface of 6,800 acres (28 km²), shoreline of about 188 miles, a total length of 18 miles, and a maximum storage volume of 236,200 acre-feet. It is a recreational lake with fishing opportunities for largemouth bass, spotted bass, bluegill and other sunfish, crappie, catfish, striped bass, hybrid and white bass. It was the location of the 2004 Bass Masters Classic Tournament. The lake has two public access sites.
Owned and operated by Alabama Power, the lake was impounded December 31, 1928 and named for the mother of Reuben and Sidney Mitchell, who were instrumental in the construction of Mitchell Dam, also on the Coosa River and also run by Alabama Power. Jordan Dam is a concrete arch dam, 125 feet high, built for hydropower generation with a 100 megawatt generating capacity. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618931" title="Alamdar, Razavi Khorasan">
Alamdar, Razavi Khorasan

Alamdar (, also Romanized as ‘Alamdār) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 518, in 108 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618937" title="Alamdar">
Alamdar

Alamdar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618948" title="Mirpasand">
Mirpasand

Mirpasand (, also Romanized as Mīrpasand; also known as Shāhsavan (Persian: شاهسون), Shāhsavand (Persian: شاهسوند), and Shāhsūn) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 522, in 109 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618953" title="Shahsavan">
Shahsavan

Shahsavan (, also Romanized as Shāhsavan) is a village in Hojr Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 63 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618962" title="Nirab-e Olya">
Nirab-e Olya

Nirab-e Olya (, also Romanized as Nīrāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618971" title="Nasirabad, Zaveh">
Nasirabad, Zaveh

Nasirabad (, also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 639, in 153 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36618977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618977" title="Imeh">
Imeh

Imeh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36618979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36618979" title="Qaleh-ye Aqa Hasan">
Qaleh-ye Aqa Hasan

Qaleh-ye Aqa Hasan (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Āqā Ḩasān, Qal‘eh Āqa Ḩasan, and Qal’eh-e-Āqā Hasan; also known as Āqā Ḩasan) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,183, in 748 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619004" title="Qaleh Now-ye Safiabad">
Qaleh Now-ye Safiabad

Qaleh Now-ye Safiabad (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-ye Şafīābād; also known as Bīābān Shīr and Qal‘eh Now-e Şūfīābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,340, in 311 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619008" title="Björn Rosenström">
Björn Rosenström

In addition to being a songwriter and performer, he is also a lawyer; he has an Candidate of Law-degree from the University of Gothenburg. Rosenström studied law 1991-1996, while he was actively involved in the university's pub business, where he quickly became known for his ironic and humorous songs that he performed on guitar in various celebrations. He says that he is the person who likes to study other, especially in pub environments among drunk people.
When Björn Rosenström was graduated in 1996, he went into a recording studio with his brother Jonas and started recording the album "Låtar som är sådär." The disc took just one and a half days to do. Rosenström published 1,000 copies of the discs that he sold at his old University's pub and bookstore.
Jonas Rosenström was the cornerstone of "Rosenström Musik" and a member in "Det Jävla bandet" until the spring of 2011, when he decided to go for a new career.
During 2011, Rosenström toured with "Det jävla bandet" in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36619017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619017" title="160th Regiment State Armory">
160th Regiment State Armory

The Wallis Annenberg Building (originally the 160th Regiment State Armory, and also referred to as the Exposition Park Armory) is a building located in Exposition Park, Los Angeles, California. It was built in 1912 and designed by architect J.W. Wollett. The building served as the armory for the 160th Infantry Regiment between World War I and World War II
The armory hosted the fencing competition at the 1932 Summer Olympics as well as the fencing part of the modern pentathlon. It seated 1,800 for the event. It also served as an exposition hall and ballroom during the early- and mid-20th century. In 1947, the armory was converted into a bowling alley and hosted a tournament of the American Bowling Congress. It later served as a roller derby venue.
The 160th left in 1961, and the building was used as headquarters for the Board of Trustees of the California State Colleges in the 1960s It then served as exhibit space for the Los Angeles Museum of Science and Industry (now the California Science Center) from the 1960s to the 1980s, before being closed in 1990 due to seismic concerns.
The building is currently an annex of the California Science Center, serving as the Science Center School and the Amgen Center for Science Learning since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36619020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619020" title="Newcastle High School (Texas)">
Newcastle High School (Texas)

Newcastle High School or Newcastle School is a public high school located in Newcastle, Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Newcastle Independent School District located in central Young County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Newcastle Bobcats compete in the following sports 
Cross Country, Volleyball, 6-Man Football, Basketball, Golf, Tennis & Track
See also.
List of Six-man football stadiums in Texas

</doc>
<doc id="36619023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619023" title="Rahmatabad, Zaveh">
Rahmatabad, Zaveh

Rahmatabad (, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 436, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619025" title="Fany Chalas">
Fany Chalas

Fany Santa Chalas Frias (born 2 February 1993) is a Dominican sprinter.
She won gold medals over 100 and 200 metres at the 2012 Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics in San Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="36619027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619027" title="Ryan Maxwell">
Ryan Maxwell

Daniel Ryan Maxwell (born 16 June 1983) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and now a coach.
Maxwell previously played in the Scottish Football League for Hamilton Academical and Raith Rovers as well as a number of non-League football teams in England. He has also represented the Northern Ireland national under-21 football team.
Career.
Maxwell began his career as a youth player at chelsea before moving onto Crystal Palace and Reading in 1999. He went on to join Isthmian League Premier Division club Grays Athletic in 2002.
In 2003, he joined Scottish club Hamilton Academical making three appearances, two in the Scottish Second Division and one in the Scottish League Cup. The following season, 2004–05, he joined Raith Rovers in the Scottish First Division. He was released by mutual consent in January 2005 by manager Gordon Dalziel.
Following his release from Raith, Maxwell subsequently joined Conference National club Dagenham & Redbridge. Failing to make an appearance for the "Daggers", he went on to join Redbridge, and then joined Conference South outfit Basingstoke Town on August 2005. However, he made just two league appearances in August before he departed, and eventually joined Margate in October.
In January 2006, Maxwell joined Bishop's Stortford on loan from Gravesend & Northfleet, making his début in the 3–1 away loss against Weymouth on 5 January. He signed for Welsh Premier League club Llanelli in the close season of 2006, featuring in their UEFA Cup qualifying ties. In the first leg of the first round of qualifying on 13 July against Swedish club Gefle IF, he came on as a 90th minute substitute for Craig Williams in the 1–2 away win. In the second leg on 27 July, Maxwell started the match before being substituted in injury time for Richard Appleby. The game finished 0–0, meaning Llanelli qualified 2–1 on aggregate. Llanelli were beaten 6–1 on aggregate in the second qualifying round by Danish club Odense BK. Maxwell received interest from Hartlepool but decided not to go on trial for family reasons.
Maxwell joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Tonbridge Angels in October 2010, before going on to join a number of non-League clubs including Braintree Town and Boreham Wood through 2006 to 2007. He then joined Northern Irish club Larne, before returning to England with Welling United .
Having trialled for St Albans City in the 2009–10 pre-season, he eventually signed for the Conference South club in September 2009. He made just two appearances for the "Saints", both coming on as a substitute. His début was in the 1–0 away defeat to Heybridge Swifts in the FA Cup Second Round Qualifying on 26 September, replacing Godfrey Poku in the 46th minute.
Maxwell went on to play for Waltham Abbey, prior to signing for Harlow Town in October 2011, before leaving at the end of the season in July 2012. At the start of the 2012–13 season, Maxwell re-joined Grays Athletic in the Isthmian League Division One North alongside three other players.
He rejoined Grays again at the start of the 2013–14 season as a player/coach. In June 2014 he signed for A.F.C. Sudbury.

</doc>
<doc id="36619031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619031" title="Rigan, Razavi Khorasan">
Rigan, Razavi Khorasan

Rigan (, also Romanized as Rīgān) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 590, in 139 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619049" title="Contents Under Notice">
Contents Under Notice

Contents Under Notice is the debut of album experimental ensemble Rhythm & Noise, released in 1984 through Ralph Records.
Release and reception.
Ted Mill of allmusic described "Contents Under Notice" as a "mixture of wobbly synth beds, industrial noise, scattershot drum machines, eerie whines, and treated vocal samples." Mills gave the release two and a half out of five stars and criticized it for being too lengthy for what it was.
However, "Trouser Press" reviewed the album more positively. Ira Robbins said "in its raucous, multi-layered complexity, the piece asymptotically approaches sheer white noise din" and that "maybe this is what Martians with insomnia listen to."

</doc>
<doc id="36619052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619052" title="Hana Micron">
Hana Micron

Hana Micron, (KOSDAQ 067310), is a semiconductor company specializing in assembly and product packaging as well as test and module manufacturing services. Hana Micron was founded in 2001 and its headquarters is located in Asan City, South Korea. As of 2011, Hana Micron has over 1300 employees and reported over $260 million in sales.
Currently, Hana Micron has other offices around the world including offices in the United States, Brazil, and China. Hana Micron's manufacturing factories are located in South Korea and Brazil.
In 2007, Hana Silicon was created as a subsidiary of Hana Micron. Hana Silicon provides consumable parts for the semiconductor etching process which is the silicon based cathode ring essential for manufacturing semiconductor products.
In 2008, Hana Micron America along with Hana Innosys were formed as a subsidiary of Hana Micron to concentrate on the SI (System Integration) business. Hana Innosys has developed a system integration solution for animal traceability by using RFID technology. In addition to the animal traceability solution, Hana Innosys has implemented a system integration solution for GPS fleet tracking systems.

</doc>
<doc id="36619060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619060" title="Intel 80487SX">
Intel 80487SX

The i487SX (P23N) was marketed as a floating point unit coprocessor for Intel i486SX machines. It actually contained a full-blown i486DX implementation. When installed into an i486SX system, the i487 disabled the main CPU and took over all CPU operations. The i487 took measures to detect the presence of an i486SX and would not function without the original CPU in place.
See Intel 80486 or X87

</doc>
<doc id="36619062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619062" title="Shahin-e Olya">
Shahin-e Olya

Shahin-e Olya (, also Romanized as Shāhīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shāhīn-e Bālā and Kalāt Shahnī) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,297, in 274 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619068" title="Olämpliga låtar">
Olämpliga låtar

Olämpliga låtar is a music album by Björn Rosenström published on May 23, 2012. This is Rosenström's ninth album.

</doc>
<doc id="36619075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619075" title="Boeing Insitu RQ-21 Blackjack">
Boeing Insitu RQ-21 Blackjack

The Boeing Insitu RQ-21 Blackjack, formerly called the Integrator, is an American unmanned air vehicle designed and built by Boeing Insitu to meet a United States Navy requirement for a small tactical unmanned air system (STUAS). It is a twin-boomed, single-engined, monoplane, designed as a supplement to the Boeing Scan Eagle. The Integrator weighs 61kg (135lb) and uses the same launcher and recovery system as the Scan Eagle.
Design.
The RQ-21A Blackjack is designed to support the U.S. Marine Corps by providing forward reconnaissance. A Blackjack system is composed of five air vehicles and two ground control systems. The air vehicles can be launched on land or on a ship by a rail and land using a "skyhook" recovery system, where a vertical wire must be hooked onto its wing; when on the ground, the launch and recovery systems are towable by vehicles. Its wingspan is and it can carry a payload. The day/night camera can achieve resolution rating of 7 on the NIIRS scale at . The Marines are working with Insitu to modify the Blackjack fuselage to carry greater and more various payloads. Enlarging the fuselage would increase its maximum takeoff weight from to and lengthen endurance from 16 hours to 24 hours. New turrets are being explored as well as other payloads including a synthetic aperture radar to track ground targets, a laser designator to mark targets for precision-guided munitions, and foliage-penetration capabilities for foreign customers operating in lush environments.
Development.
The RQ-21 was selected in June 2010 over the Raytheon Killer Bee, AAI Aerosonde, and General Dynamics/Elbit Systems Storm.
The RQ-21A Integrator first flew on 28 July 2012.
On 10 September 2012, the Integrator entered developmental testing with a 66-minute flight. The Navy launched one using a pneumatic launcher and a recovery system known as Skyhook. This eliminates the need for runways and enables a safe recovery and expeditionary capability for tactical missions on land or sea. At the current testing rate, Initial Operational Capability (IOC) was expected in 2013.
On 10 February 2013, the Integrator completed its first at-sea flight from the USS Mesa Verde San Antonio-class amphibious transport dock. This followed completing three months of land-based flights.
On 19 February 2013, Insitu completed the first flight of the RQ-21A Block II. It weighs 121 lb and flew for 2 hours. It was controlled by a new ground control system meant to integrate dissimilar UAV systems. The Block II has the sensor from the Nighteagle, the night version of the ScanEagle, and is designed to operate in high-temperature environments.
On 15 May 2013, the Department of the Navy announced that the RQ-21A Integrator received Milestone C approval authorizing the start of low rate initial production. With Milestone C approval, the Integrator entered production and deployment.
On 12 June 2013, the RQ-21A completed its first East Coast flight from Webster Field Annex, starting the next phase of tests for the Integrator. The UAV was launched with a pneumatic launcher, flew for 1.8 hours, and was recovered with an Insitu-built system known as the STUAS Recovery System (SRS), which allows safe recovery of the STUAS on land or at sea. This phase of testing was to validate updates made to the aircraft which include software, fuselage, and camera enhancements. The Integrator was test flown at lower density altitudes. Integrated Operational Test and Evaluation (IOT&E) was scheduled for October 2013.
In September 2013, the Integrator was renamed the RQ-21A Blackjack. On 28 November 2013, the U.S. Navy awarded Boeing Insitu an $8.8 million contract for one low-rate production aircraft in preparation for full-rate production.
In January 2014, the first low-rate production RQ-21A Blackjack began IOT&E for the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps. Testing will be conducted over the next several months to demonstrate its effectiveness in realistic combat conditions.
Operational history.
The Marine Corps deployed its first RQ-21A Blackjack system to Afghanistan in late April 2014. One Blackjack system is composed of five air vehicles, two ground control systems, and launch and recovery support equipment. It supports intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) missions using multi-intelligence payloads including day and night full-motion video cameras, an infrared marker, a laser range finder, a communications relay package, and automatic identification system receivers. The models in Afghanistan are early operational capability (EOC) aircraft without shipboard software or testing. Deploying the aircraft on the ground is seen as a way to catch and fix problems early on that could delay the project.

</doc>
<doc id="36619077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619077" title="Saq, Razavi Khorasan">
Saq, Razavi Khorasan

Saq (, also Romanized as Sāq; also known as Sagh) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,171, in 1,255 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619086" title="Sagh">
Sagh

Sagh or Saq () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619087" title="Henri Fazy">
Henri Fazy

Henri Fazy (January 31, 1842, Berne - December 22, 1920, Geneva) was a Swiss politician and historian.
Biography.
He was a member of a family which at the date of the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes (1685) came from Dauphiné to Geneva to seek protection for religious reasons. The most prominent member of the family was the Radical statesman James Fazy, his great uncle, whose biography he wrote in 1887.
Henri Fazy studied at Geneva for his doctorate in philosophy and law, became a member of the Genevese cantonal parliament in 1868, and was member of the cantonal executive from 1897 until his death. He was a Radical in politics, but of a more moderate type than his great uncle, and founded a Radical group opposed to the more extreme section which his great uncle led. Carteret, the successor of James Fazy as leader of the latter, died in 1889, and henceforward Henri Fazy played a more and more prominent part in Radical Genevese politics. As a member of the canton of Geneva's executive, Fazy had charge of the department of finances, and was much criticised by Gustave Ador, the leader of the Democrats or Whigs. In 1880 his proposal to separate church and state in Geneva was rejected by the people, but was finally accepted by them in 1907. He was a member of the Swiss Conseil National from 1896 to 1899, and from 1902 onwards. After the Radical defeat of 1918, Fazy was the only member of his party who was not turned out of office, but he became more and more conservative as time went on.
For many years, Fazy was the archivist of Geneva, and also professor of Swiss history at the University of Geneva (1896-9 and from 1902).
Writing.
As professor of Swiss history, he wrote much on the history of Geneva. Among his works are:
He published many papers in the "Proceedings" of the Institut National Genevois.

</doc>
<doc id="36619092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619092" title="Shahvar">
Shahvar

Shahvar (, also Romanized as Shahvār) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,144, in 241 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619094" title="Soltan Soleyman">
Soltan Soleyman

Soltan Soleyman (, also Romanized as Solţān Soleymān) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619101" title="Sar Galan, Razavi Khorasan">
Sar Galan, Razavi Khorasan

Sar Galan (, also Romanized as Sar Galān; also known as Sarkalūn) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 484, in 108 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619114" title="Sar Galan">
Sar Galan

Sar Galan or Sargolan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619117" title="Learning Record Store">
Learning Record Store

A Learning Record Store (LRS) is a data store that serve as a repository for learning records necessary for using the Tin Can API. The Tin Can API is also known as "next-gen SCORM" and the "Experience API". The concept of the LRS was introduced to the e-learning industry in 2011, and is a shift to the way e-learning specifications function.
History.
SCORM has been the e-learning industry software specification for interoperability from 2001 until the present. The governing body of SCORM, Advanced Distributed Learning (ADL), realized that the specification was not keeping up with advancements in technology, and that it needed to be updated. ADL issued a Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) asking for assistance with updating the SCORM specification. The BAA was awarded to Rustici Software, and the result was a one-year research and development project called Project Tin Can. The final result of Project Tin Can was the Tin Can API along with the concept of the LRS.
Overview.
Tin-Can-enabled learning activities generate statements, or records of e-learning in the form of "I did this" or "Actor verb object." These statements are transmitted over HTTP or HTTPS to an LRS. The main function of an LRS is to store and retrieve the data that's generated from Tin Can API statements.
An LRS can exist inside a traditional Learning Management System (LMS), or on its own. LRSs can communicate learner data with other systems, such as LMSs, reporting tools, and other LRSs. Individual learners can have their own LRSs, or Personal Data Lockers, in which they store all of their learning data for their own personal records. 
Tin Can statements are capable of being sent to multiple LRSs at once. With traditional LMSs, a learner's data stays with the organization that administers the LMS. When the LRS is introduced, the sharing of learning data is possible, and the learning data can follow the learner wherever the learner goes (for example, from job to job or from school to school.)
LRSs offer the ability to create very in-depth e-learning analytics because of the large amounts of learning data they record and store. Traditional e-learning specifications like SCORM are limited to storing simple data points such as a final score, or that a course has been started or completed. With the statement structure that the LRS records, there are many data points that can be reported against. Reports can be pulled on any number of combinations of "actor", "verb" and "object". However, an LRS that is built strictly to the Tin Can API specification doesn't have a built-in reporting mechanism. The LRS administrator (or the administrator of the LMS in which the LRS exists) must provide means to access the data in the LRS, and in turn create a reporting system for the data.

</doc>
<doc id="36619118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619118" title="Shurab, Zaveh">
Shurab, Zaveh

Shurab (, also Romanized as Shūrāb) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 319, in 63 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619121" title="Glove Sex Guy">
Glove Sex Guy

Glove Sex Guy is a music album by Björn Rosenström published in 2001. The second "real" album from Björn Rosenström. Includes 12 song where of 3 were singles. The singles was ""Het"", ""Flourtanten"" ""Brunnsparken"" and ""Glenn"". This album became one of his most popular works.

</doc>
<doc id="36619122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619122" title="Alexis Panisse">
Alexis Panisse

Alexis Panisse (born 21 June 1993) is a American Dominican Decent middle distance runner.
She won gold medals over 1500 and 5000 metres at the 2012 Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics in San Salvador. She attended Benjamin N. Cardozo High School in Bayside, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36619125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619125" title="Zharf, Zaveh">
Zharf, Zaveh

Zharf (, also Romanized as Jarf) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 810, in 179 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619136" title="Microleve Corsario">
Microleve Corsario

The Microleve Corsario () is a Brazilian amphibious ultralight flying boat that was designed and produced by Microleve of Rio de Janeiro. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
The company appears to be out of business and the aircraft no longer available.
Design and development.
The Corsario complies with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a strut-braced parasol wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, retractable conventional landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration.
The aircraft fuselage and hull are made from composites. The Mark 5 version of the Corsario offered two alternative wings. An all-composite wing of span could be ordered with two fuel tanks fitted behind the seats in the fuselage or an aluminum tubing and aircraft fabric wing of similar span was available with two wing mounted fuel tanks. Standard engines available from the factory were the Rotax 582 or Rotax 618 two-strokes or the Rotax 912UL four-stroke powerplant.

</doc>
<doc id="36619137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619137" title="John Finnegan">
John Finnegan

John Finnegan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619143" title="Yanoye">
Yanoye

Yanoye (Yanoyé-Yenga or Yenga) is a village in Nana-Mambéré, Central African Republic. It is from Bouar and on the main road (RN3) between Bouar and Garoua-Boulaï in the Cameroons.

</doc>
<doc id="36619154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619154" title="Ardab">
Ardab

Ardab (, also Romanized as Ārdāb; also known as Ardū) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619168" title="ParaSail (programming language)">
ParaSail (programming language)

ParaSail, "Parallel Specification and Implementation Language", is an object-oriented 
parallel programming language. The design and ongoing implementation
of ParaSail is described in a blog and on its official website.
ParaSail uses a pointer-free programming model, where objects can grow and shrink, and value semantics are used for assignment. There is no global garbage collected heap. Region-based storage management is used throughout.
Types can be recursive, so long as the recursive components are declared as "optional."
There are no global variables, no parameter aliasing, and all subexpressions of an expression 
can be evaluated in parallel.
Assertions, preconditions, postconditions, class invariants, etc., are part of the standard syntax, using a Hoare-like notation.
Any possible race conditions are detected at compile time. 
The initial design of ParaSail was started in September 2009 by S. Tucker Taft.
A prototype implementation of the ParaSail compiler and virtual machine is available. Work stealing is used for scheduling ParaSail's light-weight threads. The latest version can be downloaded from the ParaSail website.
Goals.
ParaSail goals:
Description.
The syntax of ParaSail is reminiscent of Modula, but with a class-and-interface-based object-oriented programming model more reminiscent of Java or C#.
More recently the parallel constructs of ParaSail have been adapted for other syntaxes, to produce Java-like, Python-like, and Ada-like parallel languages, dubbed, respectively, Javallel, Parython, and Sparkel (named after the SPARK subset of Ada on which it is based). Compilers and interpreters for these languages are included with the ParaSail implementation (see http://www.parasail-lang.org).
Examples.
The following is a Hello world program in ParaSail:
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
func Hello_World(var IO) is
end func Hello_World;
</syntaxhighlight>
The following is an interface to a basic map module:
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
interface BMap<Key_Type is Ordered<>; Element_Type is Assignable<Â» is
end interface BMap;
</syntaxhighlight>
Here is a possible implementation of this map module,
using a binary tree:
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
class BMap is
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
</syntaxhighlight>
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
end class BMap;
</syntaxhighlight>
Here is a simple test program for the BMap module:
<syntaxhighlight lang="parasail">
import PSL::Core::Random;
import BMap;
func Test_BMap(Num : Univ_Integer; Seed : Univ_Integer) is
end func Test_BMap;
</syntaxhighlight>
Articles.
Articles on ParaSail have appeared in various forums:

</doc>
<doc id="36619172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619172" title="Esmailabad, Zaveh">
Esmailabad, Zaveh

Esmailabad (, also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619177" title="Deh Now, Zaveh">
Deh Now, Zaveh

Deh Now () is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 485, in 123 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619181" title="Mia Nihta">
Mia Nihta

Mia ni(c)hta… (Greek: "Μια νύχτα…"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on April 11, 1986 by PolyGram Records in Greece. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in 1995 by PolyGram.
Track listing.
Side One.
Side Two.

</doc>
<doc id="36619182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619182" title="Montgomery Park Race Track">
Montgomery Park Race Track

Montgomery Park Race Track was an American thoroughbred racetrack in Memphis, Tennessee.
History.
The track was originally constructed in 1851 on plantation land southeast of Memphis. In 1882, Colonel Henry A. Montgomery organized the New Memphis Jockey Club, which purchased the race track and the surrounding land. The facility was named Montgomery Park at this time.
The track ran its last race meet in 1906 due to the outlawing of gambling by the Tennessee legislaure. Following the closure, the track land and facilities were first leased and then purchased by the city of Memphis and incorporated into the Mid-South Fairgrounds.
Physical attributes.
The track consisted of a one mile dirt oval 65 feet wide at all points.
Track Records.
Track records for Montgomery Park at various distances.

</doc>
<doc id="36619185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619185" title="Duruk-e Pain">
Duruk-e Pain

Duruk-e Pain (, also Romanized as Dūrūk-e Pā’īn; also known as Dūrūk) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619198" title="Golsara">
Golsara

Golsara (, also Romanized as Golsarā; also known as Gīlzārā’ī, Gol Sarā’ī, and Gul Sarāi) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,153, in 270 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619216" title="Gowji">
Gowji

Gowji (, also Romanized as Gowjī; also known as Gowjīk (Persian: گوجيك), Gorjī, and Gūbī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 211, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619238" title="Hajjiabad, Zaveh">
Hajjiabad, Zaveh

Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,108, in 274 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619244" title="Zeus Mortgage">
Zeus Mortgage

Zeus Mortgage, Ltd. is a Houston-based mortgage provider of home-equity loans and mortgages to individual consumers. The "Houston Business Journal" and "Inc.magazine" placed Zeus Mortgage on the list of the fastest-growing companies in the United States. Between 2007 and 2010, the company had a three-year annual growth rate of 63%. Annual revenues in 2010 were $4.9 million.
History.
CEO Steven Kaufman founded Zeus Mortgage in 2004. The company provides mortgage and home equity loans to individual consumers and offers services for corporate clients. It has provided real-estate financing for companies like Exxon Mobil, Hewlett Packard, and American Express. Today, Zeus Mortgage has 27 employees and has locations in Houston, Austin, San Antonio, and Dallas.
In 2011, Zeus Mortgage ranked #143 in its industry in Inc. Magazine's listing of fastest-growth private companies. The company was ranked #3,127 overall.
Leadership.
Steven Kaufman serves as the company’s CEO. Kaufman made his first loan at the age of 14. He completed the "Strategic Marketing Management Program" at Harvard Business School and earned a "Master's Degree in Economic Development and Entrepreneurship" from the University of Houston. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a recognized mortgage planning and equity management expert.
In 2012, the Astros In Action Foundation named Kaufman the August Hometown Hero. This title recognizes Houston citizens who have assisted the local communities. In 2011, he was also a West Houston Chamber of Commerce Star Award Finalist and a "Houston Business Journal 40 Under 40 Nominee". He was also ranked in the "2012 National Mortgage Professional Magazine 40 Under 40" article and was the only Houston-based mortgage professional to be recognized.
Recognition.
Zeus Mortgage has been ranked as one of the fastest-growing private firms in the U.S. In 2009, it ranked 14 out the 100 top companies in the Houston Business Journal's annual Houston Fast 100 list. Zeus Mortgage also earned the "Enterprise Champion award." In 2010, Zeus Mortgage again ranked on the Top 100 list at number 37. The rankings are based on two-year revenue growth rates.
Kaufman and the loan officers at Zeus Mortgage have been interviewed about the real estate and mortgage markets by ABC, CNN, CBS, FOX, and Bloomberg News.
Philanthropy.
Kaufman created "The Fanatical Change Foundation", a local charity that seeks out families in need and collects donations through fundraising events.
The Foundation raises money by sponsoring fundraisers that go directly towards the families in need. The Foundation is a zero-overhead organization and delivers 100% of the money raised to the families in the form of goods and services. As of 2012, the organization had raised nearly $400,000 in donations. Zeus Mortgage is a sponsor of the Foundation, and Kaufman remains its president.

</doc>
<doc id="36619246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619246" title="Hafizabad, Zaveh">
Hafizabad, Zaveh

Hafizabad (, also Romanized as Ḩafīz̧ābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619247" title="Sahily Diago">
Sahily Diago

Sahily Diago (born 26 August 1995) is a Cuban middle-distance runner.
She competing for Cuba at the 2012 Summer Olympics as member of the 4×400 metres relay squad.

</doc>
<doc id="36619254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619254" title="Hoseynabad, Zaveh">
Hoseynabad, Zaveh

Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619262" title="Watching TV with the Red Chinese">
Watching TV with the Red Chinese

Watching TV with the Red Chinese is an independent drama film about a group of Chinese exchange students who arrive in New York in 1980, eager for what America has to offer. They make friends including a literature teacher named Dexter and his girlfriend Suzanne. As they try to adjust to the New York city atmosphere, they become disillusioned with America, eventually buying a firearm for self-defense.

</doc>
<doc id="36619265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619265" title="Hesar, Zaveh">
Hesar, Zaveh

Hesar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619268" title="Kariz-e Bala">
Kariz-e Bala

Kariz-e Bala (, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Bālā) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 537, in 159 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619275" title="Karizak-e Nagahani">
Karizak-e Nagahani

Karizak-e Nagahani (, also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Nāgahānī; also known as Kahrīzak, Kārīzak, Kārīzak-e Khūjavī, Kārīzak-e Nāgahān, and Kārīzak-e Nāghānī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,821, in 684 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619278" title="Doris E. Smith">
Doris E. Smith

Doris Edna Smith (née Elliott) (12 August 1919 – before 1994) was an Irish writer of over 20 gothic and romance novels. In 1969, her novel Comfort and Keep won the Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association.
Biography.
Smith was born on 12 August 1919 in Dublin, Ireland. She was educated at Alexandra College in Milltown, Dublin. From 1938 worked for an Dublin's insurance group.

</doc>
<doc id="36619279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619279" title="Jordan Lake (disambiguation)">
Jordan Lake (disambiguation)

Jordan Lake can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619299" title="Soroush Rafiei">
Soroush Rafiei

Soroush Rafiei () is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Foolad in the Iran Pro League.
Club career.
Rafiei returned to Foolad in summer 2011 after spend two seasons on loan in Fajr Sepasi.

</doc>
<doc id="36619300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619300" title="Commuter Challenge">
Commuter Challenge

Commuter Challenge is a national, week long event in Canada and is held annually during the Canadian Environment Week. Formatted as a friendly competition between workplaces and Canadian municipalities, the National and host city coordinators announce winners based on the highest percent participation. The event has a strong workplace focus where employers promote the event in-house to support their employees in leaving their cars at home in favour of more sustainable commuter modes including walking, jogging, cycling, in-line skating, taking transit, carpooling and teleworking.
The first Commuter Challenge was hosted in 1991 and the Canadian Commuter Challenge tracking tool was launched in 1999 and is currently coordinated Nationally by the Calgary-based environmental group, the Sustainable Alberta Association. Participants record their commutes and are ranked via Sustainable Alberta Association's web-based tracking tools. The 2013 Commuter Challenge drew participation from over 25,051 individuals and 1,786 workplaces.
History.
Small sustainable transportation events started emerging in Canada in the early 1990s in different cities across the country; all under different names and in different formats.
In 1991, cyclists from Ottawa and Hull, Quebec, organized a commuter challenge in the National Capital Region. During National Environment Week, participants from Environment Canada and Forestry Canada reduced emissions by an estimated 1 tonne of carbon dioxide. Reductions in emissions were estimated using Environment Canada's Mobile 4C model. In 1992, the challenge expanded to include four organizations in Ottawa-Hull (Environment Canada, Forestry Canada, Bell Canada, and Bell-Northern Research). Participants reduced greenhouse gas emissions by an estimated 8 tonnes of carbon dioxide.
In 1995, the event expanded to include the first inter-city challenge, with Ottawa-Hull competing against London, Ontario. That year, the event included participants from Ottawa-Hull and London, as well as other cities in Ontario, British Columbia, and the United States.
At the same time Calgary based Alberta Energy Utilities Board organized an interdepartmental competition to promote alternative transportation options during the 1991 National Environment Week. Tom Keelan lead the committee who coined the name Commuter Challenge and in 1992 AEUB challenged three other workplaces in Calgary to a friendly competition to see which workplace had the highest percent of sustainable commuters. By 1995 the Calgary Challenge had mushroomed to include 25 major workplaces in Calgary.
In 1997, Calgary challenged Vancouver, Ottawa and London to an informal intercity challenge which attracted the attention of the Canadian Broadcasting Association (CBC) demonstrated the need for a National Challenge.
In 1998, over 14,500 people in Ottawa-Hull, London, Calgary, Vancouver and Victoria used environment-friendly transportation to get to work during Environment Week.
In 1998 Sustainable Alberta Association (SAA) was formed under the Alberta Societies Act by Kathryn Winkler and James Van Leeuwen. Winkler's involvement with the program, since 1993, guided SAA's through their application for funding through the Climate Change Action Fund (CCAF). The funding supported development of an on-line data collection system that combined existing city campaign formats and invited new cities and workplaces to participate in the event, collect data and present results. It also was the beginning of a strong partnership with the Federal Government that, despite the lack of any direct funding, can still be seen today.
In 1999, the National Capital Region won the Commuter Challenge, with 6,248 participants compared to 4,966 participants for Calgary.
By 2000, twenty Canadian cities had signed up for the event with host organizations ranging from not-for-profit environmental groups, municipal offices and health regions.
In 2001 the national program coordination was handed off to an Ottawa-based non-governmental organization, Auto Free Ottawa.
In 2002 it was passed on again to another Ottawa-based non-governmental organization, Go For Green who hosted the national software until 2008. In one of their best years (2004) they engaged a total of 61,672 participants in the Commuter Challenge.
In 2009 Sustainable Albert Association took on the National coordination once again. Today the Commuter Challenge is delivered by a small team of dedicated volunteers and occasional contract help out of the SAA office in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The program is primarily funded by fees charged out to corporate participants in Calgary and corporate sponsorships. Other financial support includes fees charged out to regional coordinator, City of Calgary and from time to time from foundations and other local funding sources.
Impacts.
Along with the general marketing efforts of the National steering committee to generate interest in the Commuter Challenge Nationally and locally, the larger variations in impacts above can be attributed the success or failure of the on-line data collection tool's user interface from year to year. As a not-for-profit, Commuter Challenge has relied on the generous contribution of numbers software providers since 1999. The unfortunate negative impact of changing the user experience, often in a less than optimal fashion, impacted the number of individuals who completed the tracking process. Since 2010 Commuter Challenge has employed a solid development team, lead by Robert Fewster and Kathryn Winkler to ensure that the user experience is simple and efficient.
Partner organizations.
Commuter Challenge has had many partners over the years. Major support is received annually though collaboration with the City of Calgary, notably their transportation department.
Significant long-term partners also include Better Environmentally Sound Transportation (BEST), who organizes the Commuter Challenge for cities in the province of British Columbia; the Green Action Centre who organizes in the province of Manitoba; and Clean Nova Scotia organizes the event in the province of Nova Scotia.
In 2012 Commuter Challenge partnered with Climate Change Central (C-3), another Alberta-based environmental advocacy group, to give away air miles to randomly chosen participants. In 2011 Sustainable Alberta Association participated in the Shell "Fuelling Change" grant and won $100,000 to help facilitate the development of the commuter tracking software. ConocoPhillips has been the longest standing private sector supporter of the Calgary Commuter Challenge (since 2007) that contributes directly to the National program

</doc>
<doc id="36619302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619302" title="Pociūnai">
Pociūnai

Pociūnai is a village () in the eldership or elderate of Pakalniškiai, in the Radviliškis district municipality in Šiauliai County, Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="36619306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619306" title="Kalateh-ye Said, Razavi Khorasan">
Kalateh-ye Said, Razavi Khorasan

Kalateh-ye Said (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sa‘īd; also known as Kalāteh-ye Seyyed and Kalāteh-ye Sefīd) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619315" title="Episode 6188">
Episode 6188

"Episode 6188" is the 6188th episode of the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". It premiered on Eleven on 22 June 2011. The episode was written by Sarah Mayberry, directed by Jonathon Dutton, and executively produced by Susan Bower. "Episode 6188" revolves around Mark Brennan's (Scott McGregor) departure from the soap. The storyline sees Mark tell his girlfriend, Kate Ramsay (Ashleigh Brewer), that he is going into witness protection. He reveals that she has just 30 minutes to decide whether to stay behind in Erinsborough or leave with him. However, when she makes the choice to leave, she has trouble convincing her younger sister to come too.
The soap's executive producer, Susan Bower, revealed that the team wanted Mark "to go out with a bang" and they took inspiration from the US drama "24" to create a special real-time episode. The show's script producer thought the technique was "the best way to do justice" to the character and his exit, although it proved to be a challenge for the crew as it was different from the normal storytelling process. "Episode 6188" focused on a 30-minute timeframe between 6:30 pm and 7:00 pm, which is when "Neighbours" is broadcast in Australia. The episode was filmed over two nights and extra effort went into ensuring the continuity was right throughout. 
The episode received generally positive attention. A "TV Week" writer stated that it was "unmissable". "The Sydney Morning Herald's" Andrew Murfett believed the real-time aspect was "a clever device" for fans of the show who may have fallen out of touch with it. Cameron Adams from the "Herald Sun" chose the episode for his feature on the best television programs being broadcast on 22 June. Channel 5 included the episode in their "Top 20 Aussie Soap Moments of 2011" program, while "Inside Soap" proclaimed the episode was one of "The Best Bits of July" in their annual yearbook. Dutton earned a nomination for Best Direction in a TV Drama at the 2012 Australian Directors' Guild Awards.
Plot.
Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) waits nervously for an answer from his girlfriend, Kate Ramsay (Ashleigh Brewer), about going into witness protection with him. He states that it is too dangerous for him to stay in Erinsborough and that she can bring her younger sister, Sophie (Kaiya Jones), with them. Kate tells Mark that she does not want to lose him and agrees to go. Mark reveals that they only have half an hour and heads over to his house to pack. Sophie returns home and Kate tells her that they are leaving town that night. An upset Sophie explains that she cannot pack her life up in a bag and refuses to go. Kate tells her the decision has already been made and they are leaving. As Mark is wondering whether to call his parents, his housemate, Jade Mitchell (Gemma Pranita), arrives home unexpectedly. When she enquires about his bag, he tells her he needs a change of clothes for a double shift. Kate finds Mark and asks for more time, but Mark tells her they do not have any. He gives her the details of the meeting point and they kiss, before Kate leaves him. 
Mark's other housemate, Kyle Canning (Chris Milligan), gets in from work and realises Mark is leaving because of the harassment he has received due to exposing the corruption within the police force. Mark admits he is going into witness protection and he and Kyle say their goodbyes. Sophie decides to go with Kate and they hurry to meet Mark. At the meeting point, Mark's boss, Duncan Hayes (Paul Ireland), arrives and asks if Mark is ready. He replies that Kate is on her way, as he hands his wallet and phone over. Sophie struggles to keep up with her sister and tells her to go to Mark, as they can collect her on the way. Kate continues running, just as it starts to rain. Hayes tells Mark that they need to leave, but Mark asks him to wait for a few more minutes. When Kate reaches the meeting point, she finds no one there. Sophie questions whether Mark changed his mind and Kate runs home to Ramsay Street. She enters Mark's house calling his name and then receives a text message saying "I love you", which Mark sent from Hayes' phone. Kyle comforts Kate while she cries about Mark.
Production.
Conception and development.
In February 2011, McGregor announced his departure from "Neighbours" and a "Herald Sun" reporter stated that he would film his final scenes in April. On screen, his character was seen exposing corruption within the local police force and then receiving threats from some of his colleagues. McGregor later explained to a Press Association reporter that Mark's exit storyline would not be a happy one, as he is forced out of Ramsay Street. Mark is asked to enter a witness protection program and the night before he leaves, he realises he is still in love with his ex-girlfriend, Kate (Brewer). McGregor told Sarah Ellis of "Inside Soap" "He hasn't been able to tell Kate that he's leaving before now – but he just can't say goodbye, and asks her to come along with him. It's such a very big ask, so of course she has to give it a lot of thought."
Mark's departure was shown during a special real-time episode, which focused on a 30-minute timeframe. Executive producer Susan Bower revealed that the team wanted Mark "to go out with a bang" and commented that while the episode features about half a dozen people, it is mostly about Mark and Kate. The show's script producer, Emma Gordon, agreed that the real-time episode was "the best way to do justice" to the character and his exit. McGregor explained that while the producers were planning his character's exit, they took inspiration from the US drama "24". Gordon admitted to Tiffany Fox from "The West Australian" that the technique was a real challenge for "Neighbours". She said "It is a bit different and a bit out of our normal storytelling process but it gives such a sense of tension which is exactly the feeling we wanted to create. When you have half an hour to make a decision that will affect the rest of your life, every excruciating minute counts."
Filming.
The episode sees Mark reveal that he only has 30 minutes before he has to leave for witness protection. He then tries to convince Kate to come with him. The storyline takes place between 6:30pm and 7:00pm, which is when "Neighbours" airs in Australia. The episode was filmed over two nights and Gordon told Fox that extra effort went into ensuring the continuity was "perfect." Every minute had to be accounted for, including the commercial breaks and the time taken up by the actors walking from one house to another. Gordon commented that clocks and watches are used throughout the episode to keep the tension high. During an interview with a Channel 5 website reporter, Brewer said that filming the episode was similar to filming a regular episode of the soap, as the scenes were still shot out of order. She thought it was nice working in a short time period that did not jump from day to day. During the filming of the final scenes on location, the weather took a turn for the worse and it began to rain. However, Gordon added that it looked "spectacular and adds such an atmosphere." 
Brewer told a Channel 5 website writer that the rain was the biggest challenge of the night shoot, as it was "beyond freezing". She also revealed that she ran in shoes that she had not broken in and they made her feet bleed. The actress added "It was incredibly stressful but I guess it was stress in a good way. There were months of preparation involved so that it could run like clockwork. So I guess it was stressful in the sense the emotional stakes were heightened for a two-week period. It was exhausting and I think we can all say we were happy once it was over. But the final result was worth it." McGregor filmed his final scene out of sequence at the Melbourne studios. He explained that they had already shot Mark's last scene on location, then went back inside to do the studio shots. He revealed "The final thing I filmed was a conversation between Mark and Kyle, where they're saying goodbye. It was a bit sad, but it was basically just these two guys hugging each other – with the cast and crew watching!" 
Reception.
The real-time episode was broadcast on 22 June 2011 in Australia and on 20 July in the UK. It was watched by 408,000 Australian viewers upon its first airing, making "Neighbours" the highest rated show on digital multi-channels that night. In the UK, an audience of 1.30 million watched the episode. For his work on "Episode 6188", Dutton earned a nomination for Best Direction in a TV Drama at the 2012 Australian Directors' Guild Awards. A "TV Week" website writer called the episode "an edge-of-your-seat special", which was "unmissable". "The Sydney Morning Herald's" readers gave the episode three out of five stars, while the paper's television critic, Andrew Murfett, commented "The clock is omnipresent in tonight's 'real-time' "Neighbours" episode. The gimmick of the formatting – the episode unfolds in real time over an action-packed 30 minutes on Ramsay Street – means the clock appears almost every minute to remind us of what is a pressing deadline. It's a clever device for fans who have perhaps fallen out of touch with the folks at Erinsborough. In fact it's almost impossible not be at least mildly interested about the future prospects of Scott McGregor and Ashleigh Brewer in the aftermath of this 24-style ep." 
A reporter for PopSugar Australia said "We love it when our favourite, long-running TV soapies surprise us with something new and a little different." Cameron Adams from the "Herald Sun" included the episode in his feature on the best television programs being broadcast on 22 June, saying "Brooding cop Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) has 30 minutes to leave Erinsborough before the poop goes down with the dodgy police investigation that's been dragging on for months. Girlfriend Kate plans to leave with him, but her sister Sophie's not so keen on a life change." Channel 5 included the episode in their "Top 20 Aussie Soap Moments of 2011" program, where it came second overall. A writer for the channel's website believed that it was clear from the start that Mark would be worthy of a memorable send-off, during a feature on the character's "best bits". A writer for the "Inside Soap Yearbook", which was published at the end of 2011, proclaimed the episode was one of "The Best Bits of July". A reporter for the "Daily Record" stated "Goodbye Brennan – we enjoyed having you and your hunky good looks around, but all good things must come to an end."

</doc>
<doc id="36619328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619328" title="Kalateh-ye Zanganeh">
Kalateh-ye Zanganeh

Kalateh-ye Zanganeh (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Zanganeh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 829, in 165 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619332" title="InvestedIn">
InvestedIn

InvestedIn is a crowd funding website for fund raising projects and charity events such as walkathons and celebrity cause-based campaigns. InvestedIn is also a technology provider offering a white label crowdfunding platform for commercial and non-profit use.
History.
InvestedIn was founded in 2010 by Alon Goren and Yadid Ramot. The company launched the service at the DEMO conference Founder Alon Goren used crowdfunding on stage to help sponsor their trip to the conference. InvestedIn raised $45,000 after being accepted to the AmplifyLA accelerator program.
Model.
One of a number of fundraising platforms dubbed "crowd funding," the consumer facing website from InvestedIn allows anyone anywhere in the world to create a fundraising project. Unlike other crowdfunding websites, such as Kickstarter, InvestedIn doesn't limit the kinds of project they accept, allowing the community to decide which projects they like by voting with their dollars. Project creators also have additional flexibility in being able to choose from two campaign types, "tipping point" campaigns where they set a goal and only receive funds when their project meets or exceeds that goal, and "deadline" campaigns where they set a date and try to raise as much money as they can during a limited time frame. Funds are collected via credit card payment through a merchant processor.
InvestedIn takes 3% of any funds raised after a project becomes successful. The merchant processing provider used by InvestedIn also charges a percentage of 3-4% depending on the type of card used.
White Label Crowdfunding Platform.
In addition to operating a crowd funding website InvestedIn also offers a technology solution to companies interested in operating their own crowdfunding website. Based on a client's needs, InvestedIn will customize their existing code and build new features based on client specifications and needs giving them a unique platform of their own. Numerous companies and non-profits have engaged InvestedIn to power their websites, including BoostFunder and BizWorld.
The company is also working with multiple companies that are getting ready to open crowdfunding portals for equity under the JOBS Act.
Accolades and News Coverage.
Covered in the Wall Street Journal for work in niche crowdfunding. Also covered in The Pacific Coast Business Times.
Awarded "Best Marketplace Platform Funding Award" March 2012 by the Los Angeles Venture Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36619335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619335" title="EventCity">
EventCity

EventCity is an exhibition centre on Barton Dock Road close to the Trafford Centre in Greater Manchester, England. It opened in 2011 and is the 2nd largest exhibition space in the United Kingdom outside London, with over of space in four halls.
EventCity lies on the edge of the Trafford Park industrial area, adjacent to the retail/leisure Barton Square development and close to the Trafford Centre. It is close to Junction 9 of the M60 motorway. The proposed EventCity Metrolink station, if built, will be close to EventCity.
History.
The building was built in 1995 as a factory for Manchester Tobacco. Peel Group subsequently acquired the building from them and leased it to Argos who used the building as a warehouse. Once the lease expired, the building became the Museum of Museums from October 2010 to January 2011, when it was converted to its current use.
Events.
EventCity has hosted events including the Caravan and Motorhome Show 2012, the Manchester auditions for "The X Factor" and the "Women's Weekly's" Creative Stitchcraft and Hobbycrafts Show. Amir Khan had his wedding ceremony here on June 9, 2013
EventCity also hosts a series of corporate Christmas parties throughout December every year.

</doc>
<doc id="36619337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619337" title="Kang-e Olya">
Kang-e Olya

Kang-e Olya (, also Romanized as Kang-e ‘Olyā and Kang Olya; also known as Kang and Kang-e Bālā) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 592, in 140 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619349" title="Kang-e Sofla">
Kang-e Sofla

Kang-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Kang-e Soflá and Kang Sofla; also known as Kang-e Pā’īn) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 763, in 214 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619356" title="Later life of José de San Martín">
Later life of José de San Martín

The later life of José de San Martín (national hero of Argentina) documents the life of San Martín after his retirement from the Spanish American wars of independence. He met Simón Bolívar at the Guayaquil conference, resigned from his political offices in Peru and handed him the command of the Army of the Andes. San Martín returned to Argentina, and then left for Europe. He spent his later life in France, and died in Boulogne-sur-Mer on August 17, 1850.
Departure.
After his retirement, San Martín intended to live in Cuyo, modern Argentina. The Argentine theater of the Spanish American wars of independence had ended, and by that point the conflict was restricted to northern South America. However, the Argentine Civil Wars had begun, between the unitarians, who wanted to organize the country as a unitary state centered on Buenos Aires, and the federals, who preferred a federation of provinces. San Martín had good relations with the federal "caudillos" Juan Bautista Bustos, Estanislao López and Facundo Quiroga, and a personal feud with the unitarian leader Bernardino Rivadavia. However, he tried to stay neutral in the conflict. López offered him his military support to depose the government of Buenos Aires, so that San Martín would rule instead, but he declined the offer. Aware of San Martín's influence, the government of Buenos Aires kept him under surveillance, intercepted his mail, and urged him to leave the country.
After San Martín's wife María de los Remedios de Escalada died in 1823, he returned to Buenos Aires. He wanted to take his daughter, María de las Mercedes, who was living with her mother's family, and spend some time with her in Europe, but the Escaladas did not give him a good reception. They resented the fact that he had not been present when Remedios died, and that he had refused to aid the city at the Battle of Cepeda. As the elections for a new governor were approaching, the government rushed through a law requiring that all candidates be natives of Buenos Aires, thus preventing San Martín from standing as he was born in Corrientes. San Martín left Buenos Aires and sailed to Europe.
European visit.
San Martín arrived in Le Havre, in France. The country was under the rule of Louis XVIII as a result of the Bourbon Restoration that followed the defeat of Napoleon. San Martín's books were deemed too liberal, so he was not allowed to enter the country. He therefore sailed on to Britain. He disembarked in Southampton and went to London. After a brief stay there, he moved to Brussels, where he enrolled his daughter in a school and stayed for some years. He joined the lodges "La Parfaite Amitié" and "Les Amis Philanthropes".
San Martín intended to stay in Brussels until his daughter finished her education and then retire to a farm in Argentina. During this time he got news of the final victory of Simón Bolívar in the war. He also received the news that the government of Buenos Aires had disbanded the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers, and that Bernardo Monteagudo had been assassinated in Peru. Rivadavia visited Brussels and San Martín intended to challenge him to a duel, but was dissuaded by Diego Paroissien.
Attempted return.
Brazil invaded and annexed the Banda Oriental in 1816. The Thirty-Three Orientals began the liberation of the province in 1825, which led to the Argentine-Brazilian War. Despite his feud with Rivadavia, San Martín wrote to Manuel Escalada instructing him to offer his military services to the government. He received no response; it is unclear whether Rivadavia rejected him or whether the Escaladas did not pass on his offer because of his known hostility toward San Martín. Rivadavia was ousted from power shortly after, as the provinces rejected the 1826 constitution, and Manuel Dorrego became head of government instead. This convinced San Martín to move back to the Americas, but the war ended during his journey home after British diplomacy forced Dorrego to sign the 1828 Treaty of Montevideo. San Martín had intended to return anyway, as a federal government would spare him the persecution he would otherwise have been subjected to from the unitarians.
San Martin's plans were disrupted after his ship docked in Río de Janeiro (where he used the pseudonym "José Matorras") and learned that the unitarian Juan Lavalle had deposed Dorrego. When he reached Montevideo San Martin received news that Lavalle had captured and executed Dorrego, and begun a campaign of terror against all federals in the country. San Martin remained on board the ship after it docked in Buenos Aires, and returned with it to Montevideo. Lavalle was unable to put down the federal rebellion against him, and offered San Martín the government. The conditions of this offer, if any, are unknown. San Martín declined and returned to Europe.
Return to Europe.
San Martín returned to Brussels. He stayed in touch with the news from Europe and South America, and began to face economic problems. By this time the federal Juan Manuel de Rosas had begun to pacify the civil war started by Lavalle, and earned San Martín's admiration. They began to exchange letters, in friendly terms.
The Belgian Revolution against the Netherlands began in 1830. Lacking notable military leaders, the rebels requested San Martín to lead them, and offered him the command of their troops. He declined the offer, as when he settled in the country he had agreed to obey its laws. To avoid taking part in the conflict, he left Belgium and moved to Paris. He was also concerned by the cholera epidemic of 1831, but the disease was also present in Paris, where both San Martín and his daughter Mercedes became ill. They were helped by Mariano Balcarce. Mariano married Mercedes, and they had a daughter, María Mercedes.
In 1837 France began a blockade of the Rio de la Plata against Rosas. San Martín offered his military services to Rosas, but Rosas declined the offer: he thought the conflict would be resolved quickly, and did not want to disturb San Martín at his advanced age. San Martín condemned the role of the unitarians in that conflict, as they had allied themselves with France against their own nation.
San Martín wrote his will on January 23, 1844. He declared his daughter his heir, and bequeathed his curved saber to Juan Manuel de Rosas. The conflict between France and Argentina renewed in the Anglo-French blockade of the Río de la Plata, which San Martín also condemned. During this time he met Florencio Varela and Domingo Faustino Sarmiento.
During the 1848 revolution, San Martin left Paris and moved to Boulogne-sur-Mer, a small city in northern France. He was almost blind and had many health problems because of his advanced age, but continued to write letters and keep in touch with the news from South America. He died at three o'clock on August 17, 1850, shortly after receiving news of the Argentine victory against the Anglo-French blockade.

</doc>
<doc id="36619362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619362" title="Kang-e Zeytun">
Kang-e Zeytun

Kang-e Zeytun (, also Romanized as Kang-e Zeytūn) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619364" title="Mobarkeh, Zaveh">
Mobarkeh, Zaveh

Mobarkeh (, also Romanized as Mobārḵeh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619368" title="Mirabad, Zaveh">
Mirabad, Zaveh

Mirabad (, also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 372, in 80 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619375" title="Marjaneh">
Marjaneh

Marjaneh (, also Romanized as Marjāneh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619380" title="Anbar Sara">
Anbar Sara

Anbar Sara (, also Romanized as ‘Anbar Sarā and Anbār Sarā; also known as ‘Ambar Sarāi and ‘Anbar Sara’ī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 815, in 170 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619390" title="Niazabad, Zaveh">
Niazabad, Zaveh

Niazabad (, also Romanized as Nīāzābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 271, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619394" title="Free FM (New Zealand)">
Free FM (New Zealand)

Free FM is a not-for-profit access radio station operating in Hamilton, New Zealand. The station was formerly known as Community Radio Hamilton until August 2012 when the station began broadcasting on the 89.0 MHz frequency. Approximately 100 volunteer broadcasters present more than 80 locally produced programmes a week.

</doc>
<doc id="36619395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619395" title="Nasrabad, Zaveh">
Nasrabad, Zaveh

Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 301, in 67 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619400" title="Nurabad, Zaveh">
Nurabad, Zaveh

Nurabad (, also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619407" title="Qaleh Ney">
Qaleh Ney

Qaleh Ney (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ney) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,489, in 378 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619413" title="Shahnabad, Razavi Khorasan">
Shahnabad, Razavi Khorasan

Shahnabad (, also Romanized as Shahnābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,935, in 463 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619420" title="Siah Sang, Zaveh">
Siah Sang, Zaveh

Siah Sang (, also Romanized as Sīāh Sang) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 396, in 79 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619427" title="Sorkhi, Razavi Khorasan">
Sorkhi, Razavi Khorasan

Sorkhi (, also Romanized as Sorkhī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 79, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619433" title="Sorkhi">
Sorkhi

Sorkhi () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619438" title="Talkhi">
Talkhi

Talkhi (, also Romanized as Talkhī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 404, in 93 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36619449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619449" title="Aanchal Thakur">
Aanchal Thakur

Aanchal Thakur (Hindi: आन्च्ल ठाकुर, Born - 28 August 1996) is a competitor for India in skiing and represented India at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics that took place in Innsbruck. 
She took part in the Alpine skiing - Girl's Slalom and Girl's Giant Slalom events.

</doc>
<doc id="36619455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619455" title="1985–86 SEC Bastia season">
1985–86 SEC Bastia season

French football club SEC Bastia's 1985-86 season. Finished 20th place in league and relegated to Division 2. Top scorer of the season, including 8 goals in 7 league matches have been Jean-Roch Testa. Was eliminated to Coupe de France end of 32.
Division 1.
League table.
1
Matches.
1. 16 July 1985, "Bastia" 2-4 Paris SG, 7,000 (L)
2. 19 July 1985, Lens 6-0 "Bastia", 12,700 (L)
3. 26 July 1985, "Bastia" 0-2 Rennes, 2,448 (L)
4. 30 July 1985, Nantes 2-0 "Bastia", 14,957 (L)
5. 2 August 1985, "Bastia" 2-1 Toulon, 3,500 (W)
6. 9 August 1985, Sochaux 2-0 "Bastia", 812, (L)
7. 16 August 1985, "Bastia" 0-0 AS Monaco, 5,000 (D)
8. 24 August 1985, Metz 3-0 "Bastia", 11,626 (L)
9. 30 August 1985, "Bastia" 2-0 Strasbourg, 3,500 (W)
10. 3 September 1985, "Bastia" 0-0 Auxerre, 1,620 (D)
11. 14 September 1985, Toulouse 3-1 "Bastia", 10,315 (L)
12. 21 September 1985, "Bastia" 2-0 Lille, 2,500 (W)
13. 27 September 1985, Bordeaux 2-2 "Bastia", 16,000 (D)
14. 5 October 1985, "Bastia" 2-1 Le Havre, 1,517 (W)
15. 11 October 1985, Marseille 0-0 "Bastia", 12,031 (D)
16. 18 October 1985, "Bastia" 0-0 Laval, 1,049 (D)
17. 25 October 1985, Nice 1-0 "Bastia", 10,269 (L)
18. 2 November 1985, "Bastia" 3-2 Brest, 2,000 (W)
19. 9 November 1985, Nancy 4-1 "Bastia", 4,447 (L)
20. 20 November 1985, "Bastia" 0-1 Lens, 1,000 (L)
21. 23 November 1985, Rennes 3-1 "Bastia", 6,350 (L)
22. 30 November 1985, "Bastia" 2-3 Nantes, 3,200 (L)
23. 7 December 1985, Toulon 1-1 "Bastia", 5,000 (D)
24. 14 December 1985, "Bastia" 0-0 Sochaux, 2,090 (D)
25. 21 December 1985, AS Monaco 2-1 "Bastia", 3,028 (L)
26. 11 January 1986, "Bastia" 0-0 Metz, 2,700 (D)
27. 18 January 1986, Strasbourg 6-1 "Bastia", 6,000 (L)
28. 1 February 1986, Auxerre 2-0 "Bastia", 2,500 (L)
29. 8 February 1986, "Bastia" 0-2 Toulouse, 1,500, (L)
30. 11 March 1986, "Bastia" 0-2 Bordeaux, 1,000 (L)
31. 22 February 1986, Lille 2-2 "Bastia", 4,223 (D)
32. 8 March 1986, Le Havre 5-2 "Bastia", 9,950 (L)
33. 15 March 1986, "Bastia" 0-3 Marseille, 1,000 (L)
34. 22 March 1986, Laval 1-0 "Bastia", 3,309 (L)
35. 4 April 1986, "Bastia" 0-1 Nice, 1,000 (L)
36. 11 April 1986, Brest 7-0 "Bastia", 4,000 (L)
37. 18 April 1986, "Bastia" 2-2 Nancy, 600 (D)
38. 25 April 1986, Paris SG 3-1 "Bastia", 40,000 (L)

</doc>
<doc id="36619468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619468" title="Virginia Senate, District 6">
Virginia Senate, District 6

District 6 of the Virginia Senate is a senatorial district that encompasses portions of Accomack County, Mathews County, Northampton County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach in the U.S. state of Virginia. This district is currently represented by Lynwood Lewis.
Historical boundaries.
From 1940 to 1966, the 6th Senate District was located in the eastern part of Southside Virginia and included all of the counties of Greensville, Prince George, Surry, Sussex and the City of Hopewell. 
As a result of the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in the case of "Davis v. Mann", the 6th District was expanded north of the James River to include all of James City County and the City of Williamsburg in order for all districts to be equipopulous. Additionally, when the City of Emporia was created out of Sussex County, it was included in the district. From 1972 - 1980, the 6th District was merged with the 5th and 7th Districts and they were jointly represented by three Senators. After the 1981 redistricting, there were no more multimember Senate districts. From 1982 - 2002, the district included parts of the cities of Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Current boundaries.
The 6th District comprises parts of the cities of Norfolk and Virginia Beach in the Hampton Roads. In addition the district includes the Eastern Shore and Mathews County on the Middle Peninsula. The district includes most of the northern half of Norfolk.
Election history.
Election history of District 6.

</doc>
<doc id="36619469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619469" title="Gang of Outlaws Tour">
Gang of Outlaws Tour

The Gang of Outlaws Tour was an American concert tour by rock band ZZ Top. Coinciding with their newly released EP "Texicali", the tour visited arenas and amphitheaters from May through June 2012, supported by opening acts 3 Doors Down and Gretchen Wilson. The tour's concept was inspired by the concept of cinema and meant to stray from their previous tours, staged as an elaborate multimedia presentation. It made use of cinematic elements to instill the simulation of a feature film to the audience. The stage featured a large video screen that showed visual effects, video clips of attractive women, music videos, song lyrics and live action of the band on stage. Gang of Outlaws and "Texicali" were central to the group's comeback.
Consisting of 23 shows, Gang of Outlaws began in Manchester, New Hampshire on May 25, 2012 and ended in Hinckley, Minnesota on June 29, 2012. The tour was generally well-received and produced many positive reviews from critics. Despite no sellouts, the show in Estero, Florida was the highest-grossing event, selling over three-thousand tickets. Although none of ZZ Top's newer material was performed, a song from "Texicali" was added to the set list for the group's next tour in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="36619486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619486" title="Wadi Koura">
Wadi Koura

Wadi Koura is a wadi located west of Ain Ebel in the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon.
A Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture was located in the area where an outlet of the Wadi Yaroun flows from north to south in the direction of Debel. Materials were found on the site by Henri Fleisch and were stored with the Saint Joseph University (now the Museum of Lebanese Prehistory). Along with an assemblage of well rolled Heavy Neolithic tools, a few Acheulian pieces were found, both on the bed and around the banks of the wadi.

</doc>
<doc id="36619561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619561" title="Tommy Curtis">
Tommy Curtis

Tommy Curtis (born 1952) is an American former college basketball player for the UCLA Bruins. He played on two undefeated national championship teams at UCLA. He did not lose a game in college until his final season, helping the school to a record 88-game consecutive win streak.
Curtis was the first African American to play basketball at his high school in Florida, where he won two state championships and was named the state's basketball player of the year in 1969. He left his home state of Florida to attend college at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). A small but quick point guard, he helped the Bruins establish a national collegiate record of seven consecutive national titles under coach John Wooden.
After earning a Master of Business Administration (MBA) at UCLA, Curtis returned to Florida and worked for the state's Department of Commerce and later a Florida business council assisting minorities.
Early life.
Curtis was born in Tampa, Florida into an affluent family. His mother was a social activist and a co-founder of the Florida chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), and his father worked for Central Life insurance company. Curtis' grandfather was the founder of the insurance company, which in 1986 was one of the largest black-owned insurance companies in the country. After Curtis' parents divorced, his mother became a professor at Florida State University.
Curtis was one of the first 50 black students to attend Leon High School in Tallahassee. He was the first black to play on Leon's basketball team, and he was named the state's Prep/High School Basketball Player of the Year in 1969. Leon had a record of 79–3 during Curtis' career, winning two state championships.
College.
Curtis considered attending University of Florida or Florida State, but his mother encouraged him to be independent and move away from home. His uncle in Compton, California contacted UCLA about Curtis attending the school. Curtis earned a scholarship to UCLA, where he played basketball under Wooden. Curtis began at UCLA along with Larry Farmer on the freshman squad; players were not allowed to play varsity basketball their first year in college, an National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) limitation at the time.
He did not play his second year, having redshirted, as the Bruins won the national championship. He started playing varsity ball on the 1971–72 team, which also included first-year players Bill Walton, Keith Wilkes (later known as Jamaal Wilkes), and Greg Lee. UCLA again won the national championship that season, their sixth consecutive title. The Bruins outscored opponents by an NCAA-record 30.3 points per game during an undefeated 30–0 season, extending the school's winning streak to 45 consecutive games; UCLA had last lost in 1971 to Notre Dame. Wooden that season started Lee over Curtis. Lee was bigger than the small, Curtis, and he was more effective than Curtis at getting the ball into the high post and complementing Walton, who was also close friends with Lee. Wooden also believed Curtis would be more valuable providing a needed spark to the team off the bench, a role the coach did not believe Lee could fill. Curtis played a large role with eight points and six assists in the championship game as UCLA defeated Florida State, 81–76. Wooden in the first half replaced Lee with the quicker Curtis, which along with a strong performance by Walton helped turned an early deficit into an 11-point halftime lead.
Curtis continued a Wooden tradition of quick, strong-shooting, black point guards at UCLA, established earlier by Walt Hazzard, Lucius Allen, Mike Warren, and Henry Bibby. Wooden said he was best in a fast-paced running game and commended his defensive skills. Curtis became a starter his junior year, beating out the incumbent, Lee. He started the first 10 games of the season before becoming ill with the London flu. He was out for two weeks, and his weight dropped from . When he returned, Lee had re-established himself as the starter, and Curtis became a key reserve. He did not brood over his new role, and Wooden called him a good team player. Curtis sparked the team with 12 points off the bench in a 54–39 win over San Francisco in the quarterfinals of the 1973 NCAA tournament. His play was cited by both Wooden and opposing coach Bob Gaillard as keys to the game's outcome. In the semifinals, he led the team in scoring with 22 points to help defeat Indiana 70–59. UCLA defeated Memphis, 87–66, to complete another perfect 30–0 season and win an NCAA-record seventh straight title. During the season, the Bruins eclipsed San Francisco's NCAA record of 60 consecutive victories, defeating Notre Dame for No. 61.
In his senior year, Curtis became a starter again. The Bruins started the season ranked No. 1 and won their first 13 games. On January 19, 1974, then-No. 2 Notre Dame ended UCLA's record 88-game win streak with a 71–70 victory in South Bend, Indiana. The Bruins led 70–59 with 3:32 remaining in the game, but the Fighting Irish scored the final 12 points of the game as UCLA missed six straight shots and committed four turnovers, including two by Curtis. Curtis and Walton missed jumpers in the final seconds, and there were four unsuccessful attempts to tip in a miss. Wooden did not call a timeout late in the game, as was his custom in the final two minutes. Curtis, who trash-talked during games, was accused afterwards by Notre Dame's Dwight Clay of taunting. Until that loss, Curtis had not lost a basketball game since he was a 14-year-old high school freshman. A week later, the Bruins beat Notre Dame 94–75 in a rematch at home at Pauley Pavilion. UCLA lost three more times that season. Their bid for an eighth consecutive championship ended after an 80–77 defeat in double-overtime to North Carolina State in the 1974 NCAA tournament semifinals.
Curtis majored in sociology in college. He later earned an MBA degree at UCLA as well.
Post-college.
Curtis was drafted in the seventh round of the 1974 National Basketball Association Draft by the Buffalo Braves, but he did not play in the NBA.
He became a mortgage broker with First Interstate Mortgage Company in Pasadena, California. He moved back to Florida in 1984 because his grandmother was ill. He became an international trade representative in Tallahassee with the state Department of Commerce. His job put him into contact with the Central Space Coast Minority Purchasing Council, which assisted minority businesses in working with purchasing agents for government agencies and private industries. After the group merged with a similar Tampa-area group to form the Greater Florida Minority Development Council, Curtis became the council's first full-time executive director.
Personal.
Curtis learned to practice Transcendental Meditation during college from Walton, his UCLA teammate. Curtis was also a member of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="36619573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619573" title="Cyclone Dina">
Cyclone Dina

Intense Tropical Cyclone Dina was a cyclone that caused record flooding across parts of Réunion. Originating from a tropical disturbance on 15 January 2002 near the Chagos Archipelago, the precursor to Dina quickly developed within a region favoring tropical cyclogenesis. By January 17, the system had developed enough organized convection as it moved southwestward to be declared a tropical depression. Rapid intensification occurred shortly thereafter, with the system attaining winds in excess of 120 km/h (75 mph) on January 18. Dina achieved its peak intensity on January 20 as an intense tropical cyclone winds of 215 km/h (130 mph). Hours after reaching hits strength, the storm bypassed Rodrigues Island about to its north. On January 21, the storm brushed Mauritius and Réunion as an intense tropical cyclone before turning southward. Once on a southward course, steady weakening ensued and the system eventually transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on January 25. The remnants of the storm accelerated southeastward and were last noted on January 28 before being absorbed into a polar trough.
Across Mauritius and Réunion, torrential rains and destructive winds from the cyclone resulted in extensive to "catastrophic" damage. The entire island of Mauritius lost power during the storm and widespread structural damage took place. Agricultural and property damage amounted to US$47 million and US$50 million respectively in the republic. Nine fatalities were attribute to the storm in Mauritius: five off the coast of Rodrigues Island and four on the main island. More extensive damage was seen on Réunion where up to of rain fell over three days. Record to near-record flooding destroyed many homes, washed out roads, and caused catastrophic agricultural damage. Destructive winds, measured up to also crippled communications. In all, six people died on the island and losses were estimated at €200 million (US$190 million).
Meteorological history.
On January 15, a tropical disturbance began organizing near the Chagos Archipelago in the South Indian Ocean convergence zone, which is an extended area of convection connected to the monsoon. The thunderstorms gradually organized, associated with a weak circulation and located within an area of moderate wind shear. A distinct low pressure area developed on January 16, about east of Diego Garcia. The thunderstorms were primarily located along the western periphery due to continued shear, and ordinarily would prevent significant development. The system moved to the southwest along the north side of a ridge, and despite the shear it developed into a tropical disturbance late on January 16. Subsequently, the system rapidly organized, developing rainbands as the convection increased.
At 0000 UTC on January 17, Météo-France (MFR) upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression, and six hours later upgraded the system further to Tropical Storm Dina. Shortly thereafter, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a tropical cyclone formation alert, and later that day initiated advisories about 425 km (265 mi) south of Diego Garcia. Dina quickly intensified, and its T-numbers using the Dvorak technique increased by 0.5 every six hours during the storm's development phase. An eye began developing late on January 17, and at 1200 UTC on January 18, MFR upgraded Dina to a tropical cyclone, or the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. This was only 36 hours after it was first classified as a tropical disturbance, which is much less than the five days most tropical cyclones take. About three hours earlier, the JTWC had also upgraded the storm to tropical cyclone status.
The small eye of Dina, only in diameter, quickly became well-defined, although it became obscured by the central dense overcast on visible satellite imagery. On January 19, the cyclone slowed as it turned to the west-southwest, after the ridge to its south intensified. The intensification rate briefly slowed, before Dina rapidly intensified late on January 19, becoming an intense tropical cyclone early the next day. Surrounded by an eyewall of deep convection, Dina intensified to reach its peak intensity on January 20. Based on satellite intensity estimates between , the JTWC estimated peak one–minute sustained winds of 240 km/h (150 mph), about north-northeast of Rodrigues Island. At around the same time, MFR estimated peak ten–minute winds of 215 km/h (130 mph). While at its peak, Dina had a very symmetrical structure, and gusts were estimated to have reached .
On January 20 while near peak intensity, Dina slowed its movement further and moved more toward the west. After previously being in the projected track of the cyclone, Rodrigues Island was bypassed by the cyclone passing about to its north. After passing by the island, Dina underwent an eyewall replacement cycle, which resulted in an outer eyewall forming and replacing the previous, smaller one. This resulted in the cyclone weakening slightly, although it retained much of its intensity while tracking toward Mauritius and Réunion. Late on January 21, Dina passed about north of Cape Malheureux in Mauritius, with 10 minute winds estimated at 185 km/h (115 mph); however, the strongest winds remained offshore. At the time, the storm's eye became asymmetric with a diameter of . Late the next day, Dina also passed about off the north coast of Réunion, and although the island was in the forecast track, the cyclone accelerated to the west in the final hours and spared the island from the strongest winds. This abrupt shift in tract took place as the cyclone interacted with the high terrain of Réunion. Additionally, Doppler weather radar showed the highest reflectivity values to be from the center. On January 23, Dina weakened below intense tropical cyclone status while it accelerated to the southwest; the change in movement was due to the ridge moving further to the southeast. Increased wind shear due to an approaching trough contributed to the weakening, and by late on January 23 the eye dissipated. The next day, Dina weakened into a tropical storm, after the convection diminished around the center. Late on January 24, the JTWC discontinued advisories, and about 24 hours later, MFR classified Dina as an extratropical cyclone. The system accelerated to the southeast and was absorbed by a polar trough on January 28.
Preparations, impact, and aftermath.
Mauritius.
Less than a day prior to Cyclone Dina's arrival in Mauritius, officials in the nation closed schools, government offices, businesses, and ports. A state of alert was issued for the entire country, meaning that those at greatest risk should seek shelter. All flights to and from the nation were canceled "until further notice." Across the island, 259 people sought refuge in shelters. According to NASA, there was potential for a storm surge as the cyclone moved over the region.
The first island to be affected by the storm was Rodrigues. There gusts reached . Rainfall was light on the island, reaching at Roche Bon Dieu. The cyclone killed five fishermen offshore Rodrigues. Numerous areas across Mauritius recorded hurricane-force winds. On the republic's main island, gusts reached at Le Morne Brabant. A station near the capital city of Port Louis reported a gust of . Torrential rainfall affected much of Mauritius during Dina's passage, with a maximum of falling in Pierrefonds. This was more than the average monthly rainfall, and most of the precipitation fell in about 24 hours. A barometric pressure of 935.9 mbar (hPa; 27.64 inHg) was recorded in Vacoas-Phoenix. Flooding and mudslides greatly disrupted the public water system, with most people losing running water.
Power and communications across Rodrigues and the island of Mauritius were crippled by the storm, with the entirety of the former and 90 percent of the latter losing electricity. For approximately ten hours, the country was cut-off from the outside world, with all communications disrupted. About 50,000 of the nation's 280,000 telecommunication lines sustained serious damage, resulting in prolonged power outages. Repair crews estimated that it would take until January 27, nearly a week after the storm's passage, for power to be fully restored. Widespread areas also lost water on Mauritius. Schools across the region sustained significant damage and as a precautionary measure, all classes were canceled until January 29. Agriculture sustained considerable losses as a result of the storm. Approximately 15 metric tons of flour and 20 metric tons of rice were damaged and preliminary estimates for sugarcane losses across the island reached US$47 million. Property damage from the storm amounted to US$50 million, and there were four deaths on the island; three were caused by traffic accidents, and the other was a man who died while making storm preparations.
In the wake of the storm, a special mobile force was dispatched by officials to assist in relief operations. Red Cross distribution centers were set up on Mauritius and served food and clothing to more than 500 by January 25. Despite the severity of damage, government officials declined to appeal for international aid. Although no requests for aid were made, the Government of Norway provided US$10,000 worth of funds to the nation. Owing to the effects of Cyclone Dina and several other meteorological factors, the economy of Mauritius suffered significantly in 2002 as a whole. Annual growth dropped to about 1.9 percent from approximately 5 percent in 2001. The sugarcane industry suffered greatly from the storm, experiencing a 19.3 percent decrease.
Réunion.
Due to the storm's close passage to the island, much of Réunion experienced hurricane-force winds. The strongest observed gust was on Maïdo; however, based on the destruction of Meteo-France's Doppler weather radar, winds could have exceeded . Plaine des Cafres reported gusts of over for at least 15 hours. These winds caused extensive damage, crippling communications, devastating infrastructure, and left more than 160,000 families, about 70 percent of the island's population, without power. Some areas were without power for nine days. Additionally, about 25 percent of the island was left without running water. Damaged transmitters interrupted radio and television broadcasts for several days. In Saint-Denis, two people were seriously injured after a wall collapsed on them. Although winds were strong, the majority of damage was limited to broken windows, removed sheet metal, broken gutters, and removed siding. The most severe damage took place in exposed areas at higher elevations or where tunneling of the wind occurred.
Heavy rains produced by Dina triggered flash flooding and many landslides, further crippling travel and forcing at least 2,500 people to seek refuge in public shelters. Some areas recorded more than in a 24 hour span, notably the Bellecombe resting place (a volcano lodge) which measured in 24 hours as well as a two-day total of . The heaviest rainfall was measured in La Plaine des Chicots at . With the ground already saturated from previous rain events, the torrential rains caused numerous rivers across the island to burst their banks. The Ravine des Cabris reached an all-time record flood while three other rivers reached their second-highest levels, behind the flood event caused by Cyclone Firinga in 1989. Heavy rains occurred in the typically dry western portion of the island, which resulted in significant flooding. Many ecosystems suffered from these floods with water quality greatly degraded and flow disrupted. However, in post-storm surveys in July 2002, it was found that the impact was not catastrophic and the ecosystems would eventually recover. Significant runoff also prompted fears of algae blooms that would damage coral reefs. Numerous roads were damaged or washed out by the floods, leaving approximately €42.9 million (US$37.6 million) in losses. In Lengevin village within the Saint-Joseph department, 35 families were forced to evacuate. Many landslides took place in addition to flooding, further hampering travel and isolating hundreds of residents.
Catastrophic agricultural damage occurred across the island, with losses reaching an estimated €76 million (US$66.7 million). The entire fruit and vegetable crop was lost during the storm while the vanilla and geranium crops sustained heavy damage. Additionally, about 15 – 20 percent of the sugarcane crop was destroyed. Horticulture sustained about 50 percent losses; however, much of this resulted from lost work hours. Poultry farms suffered about 70 percent losses, from lost animals and destroyed buildings. Along the coast, large waves measured up to caused moderate damage. Additionally, an estimated storm surge of impacted the island. Some buildings were flooded, roads washed out, and other roads were left covered in debris.
In all, about 15,000 damage claims were filed across Réunion, with a total of 3,251 homes damaged and about 850 condemned or destroyed. Property damage from the storm amounted to €95 million (US$83.4 million). Collectively, losses on the island were estimated at €200 million (US$190 million). Although there were no fatalities directly related to the storm, six people died in various events indirectly caused by Dina.
In the wake of Cyclone Dina's devastation on January 23, then French Prime Minister Lionel Jospin ordered a relief team of 200 personnel to be dispatched to the island. He also expressed "deep personal sympathy" to the residents of Réunion. The following day, the Catholic Relief Services released immediate funds of €16,000 (US$14,000). An estimated 50,000 tonnes of debris was cleaned up across the island, the majority of which was in the Northwest Department, and cost waste management crews approximately €4.5 million (US$4 million) to process. Initially, the national disaster program was slow to react, with funding first being available on February 5. The first payments were made starting a month later. In the five months following the storm, the Government of France provided about €10.6 million (US$12 million) in aid to farmers, accounting for an overestimation of about 20 percent in needs. Based on meteorological statistics regarding wind speed and rainfall, Cyclone Dina was regarded as a 1-in-30 – 50 year event in Réunion.

</doc>
