<doc id="36589748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589748" title="John Punch (slave)">
John Punch (slave)

John Punch (fl. 1630s, living 1640) was an African servant who lived in the Colony of Virginia during the seventeenth century. In July 1640, the Virginia Governor's Council sentenced him to serve for the remainder of his life as punishment for running away to Maryland; in contrast, two European men who also ran away with him were sentenced to longer indentures but not total loss of future prospects for freedom. For this reason, historians consider John Punch the "first official slave in the English colonies," and his case as the "ﬁrst legal sanctioning of lifelong slavery in the Chesapeake." Historians also consider this to be one of the first legal distinctions between Europeans and Africans made in the colony, and his case a key milestone in the development of the institution of slavery in the United States.
In July 2012, Ancestry.com published a paper suggesting that Punch was an eleventh-generation maternal grandfather of Barack Obama, on the basis of historic and genealogical research and Y-DNA analysis. Punch's descendants were known by the Bunch or Bunche surname. Punch is believed to be one of the ancestors of the 20th-century American diplomat Ralph Bunche, the first African American to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
Context.
Africans were first brought to Jamestown and Virginia in 1619; however, their status as slaves or indentured servants remains unclear. Philip S. Foner pointed out differing perceptions held by historians saying:
Some historians believe that slavery may have existed from the very first arrival of the Negro in 1619, but others are of the opinion that the institution did not develop until the 1660s and that the status of the Negro until then was that of an indentured servant. Still others believe that the evidence is too sketchy to permit any definite conclusion either way.
Historian Alden T. Vaughan recognizes differing opinions as to when the institution of slavery started but says that most scholars agree that there existed both free blacks and enslaved blacks by 1640. He says "On the first point--the status of blacks before the passage of the slave laws--the issue is not whether some were free or some were slave. Almost everyone acknowledges the existence of both categories by the 1640s, if not from the beginning."
Life.
Punch was a servant of the Virginia planter Hugh Gwyn, a wealthy landowner, a justice and one of the few members of the House of Burgesses, representing Charles River County (which would become York County in 1642).
In 1640, Punch ran away to Maryland with two European indentured servants of Gwyn. The three men were returned to Virginia and on 9 July, the Virginia Governor's Council, which served as the colony's highest court, sentenced the two Europeans to have their terms of indenture extended by four years each, but they sentenced Punch to a life of servitude. In addition, the council sentenced the three men to thirty lashes each.
Sentenced to life.
"Whereas Hugh Gwyn hath by order from this Board brought back from Maryland three servants formerly run away from the said Gwyn, the court doth therefore order that the said three servants shall receive the punishment of whipping and have thirty stripes apiece. One called Victor, a Dutchman, the other a Scotchman called James Gregory, shall first serve out their times with their master according to their Indentures, and one whole year apiece after the time of their service is expired by their said indentures in recompense of his loss sustained by their absence, and after that service to their said master is expired, to serve the colony for three whole years apiece. And that the third being a negro named John Punch shall serve his said master or his assigns for the time of his natural life here or elsewhere."
Three different sources are cited in a 2012 article written by Jeffrey B. Perry, in which he quotes Ancestry.com, stating "'only one surviving account... certainly pertains to John Punch’s life...' a paragraph from the "Journal of the Executive Council of Colonial Virginia", dated July 9, 1640:" 
John H. Russell defined slavery in his book, "The Free Negro In Virginia, 1619-1865."
The difference between a servant and a slave is elementary and fundamental. The loss of liberty to the servant was temporary; the bondage of the slave was perpetual. It is the distinction made by Beverly in 1705 when he wrote, "They are call'd Slaves in respect of the time of their Servitude, because it is for Life." Wherever, according to the customs and laws of the colony, negroes were regarded and held as servants without a future right to freedom, there we should find the beginning of slavery in that colony.
Historians have noted that John Punch ceased being an indentured servant and became a slave, as he was sentenced to "serve his said master or his assigns for the time of his natural Life." Edgar Toppin states that "Punch, in effect, became a slave under this ruling." Leon A. Higginbotham said, "Thus, although he committed the same crime as the Dutchman and the Scotsman, John Punch, a black man, was sentenced to lifetime slavery." Winthrop Jordan also described this court ruling as "...the first definite indication of outright enslavement appears in Virginia...'the third being a negro named John Punch shall serve his said master or his assigns for the time of his natural life here or else where."
Theodore W. Allen notes that the court's "being a negro" justification made no explicit reference to precedent in English or Virginia common law, and suggests that the court members may have been aware of common law that held a Christian could not enslave a Christian (with Punch being presumed to be a non-Christian, unlike his accomplices), wary of the diplomatic friction that would come of enslaving non-English Europeans, and/or hopeful of replicating the lifetime indentures of African slaves held in Caribbean and South American colonies.
Significance.
In his "A Biographical History of Blacks in America since 1528" (1971), Toppin explains the importance of Punch's case in the legal history of Virginia:
"Thus, the black man, John Punch, became a slave unlike the two white indentured servants who merely had to serve a longer term. This was the first known case in Virginia involving slavery." It was significant because it was documented.
The National Park Service, in a history of Jamestown, notes that while it was a "customary practice to hold some Negroes in a form of life service," Punch was the "first documented slave for life."
Other historians have also emphasized the importance of this court decision as being one to establish a legal acceptance for slavery. John Donoghue said, "This can be interpreted as the first legal sanctioning of lifelong slavery in the Chesapeake."
Historians consider this difference in penalties to mark the case as one of the first to make a racial distinction between black and white indentured servants. Tom Costa in his article, "Runaway Slaves and Servants in Colonial Virginia" says, "Scholars have argued that this decision represents the first legal distinction between Europeans and Africans to be made by Virginia courts."
Indentured status.
Some historians have speculated that Punch may never have been an indentured servant. In his 1913 study of free negroes in Virginia, John Henderson Russell points out that the court decision was ambiguous. If Punch was not a servant with future prospects of freedom, his sentencing was less harsh than his white accomplices. If Punch was a servant, then his punishment was much more severe than that of his white accomplices. But Russell states that the "most reasonable explanation" was that the Dutchman and the Scot, being white, were given only four additional years on top of their remaining terms of indenture, while Punch, "being a negro, was reduced from his former condition of servitude for a limited time to a condition of slavery for life." Russell noted that the court did not refer to an indentured contract related to Punch, but notes that he was a "servant," and it was most reasonable that he was a limited-term servant (of some sort) before he was sentenced to "slavery for life".
In the same 2012 article referenced above, Perry says that the court ruling specifically refers to the indentured contracts of Viktor and James Gregory and extends them, while the court decision refers to John Punch only as a servant. Perry adds, 
"What is likely is that" Punch "was previously subjected to limited-term chattel bond-servitude" and says "that in Virginia chattelization was imposed on free laborers, tenants, and bond-servants increasingly after 1622, that it was imposed on both European and African descended laborers, that it was a qualitative break from English labor law, and that the chattelization of plantation labor constituted an essential precondition of the emergence of the subsequent lifetime chattel bond-servitude imposed on African American laborers in continental Anglo-America under the system of racial slavery and racial oppression."
Descendants.
Drawing on a combination of historical documents and Y-DNA analysis, Ancestry.com stated in July 2012 that it is a strong likelihood that United States President Barack Obama is an eleventh great-grandson of Punch through his mother Stanley Ann Dunham.
Genealogical research indicates that some time in the 1630s, Punch married a white woman, likely also an indentured servant. By 1637 he had fathered a son called John Bunch I (as he is called by genealogists). While researchers cannot definitively prove that John Punch was the father of John Bunch I, he is the only known African man of that time and place who is a possible progenitor. Punch and his wife are known as the first black and white couple in the colonies who left traceable descendants.
Due to some challenges by mixed-race children of Englishmen to being enslaved, in 1662 the Virginia colony incorporated the principle of "partus sequitur ventrem" into slave law. This law held that children of slave mothers were born into slavery, regardless of whether their fathers were free and English/European; it thus made slavery a racial caste associated with people of African descent. It overturned the English common law applicable to the children of two English subjects, in which the father's social status determined that of the child.
At the same time, use of this principle meant that mixed-race children of white women were born into their mother's free status. Paul Heinegg, in his "Free African Americans in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Maryland and Delaware" found that most families of free people of color in the 1790-1810 US censuses could be traced to unions between white women and African men, whether free, indentured servant, or slave, in colonial Virginia; their children were born free and the families were established as free before the Revolution.
Punch's male descendants probably became known by the surname Bunch, a very rare name among colonial families. Before 1640, there were fewer than 100 African men in Virginia, and John Punch was the only one with a surname similar to it. The Bunch descendants were free people of color who became successful landowners in Virginia. Some lines eventually assimilated as white, after generations of marrying whites.
In September 1705 a man referred to by researchers as John Bunch III petitioned the General Court of Virginia for permission to publish banns for his marriage to Sarah Slayden, a white woman. Their minister had refused to publish the banns. (There had been a ban on marriages between Negroes and whites, but Bunch posed a challenge, as he was apparently the son of a white woman, with only a degree of African ancestry. At the time, mulatto meant a person of half Negro and half white ancestry.) This John Bunch appealed the denial to the General Court of Virginia. The decision of the Court on that occasion is unknown; but in October 1705 the General Court of Virginia issued a statute expanding the use of the term "mulatto." The court said that a mulatto was someone who was a "child, grandchild, or great-grandchild of a black or Native American."
In the early 19th century, mixed-race persons of less than one-eighth African or Native American ancestry (equivalent to one great-grandparent) were considered legally white. Many mixed-race people lived as white in frontier areas, where they were treated in accordance with their community and fulfillment of citizen obligations. This was a looser definition than that established in 1924, when Virginia adopted the "one-drop rule" under its Racial Integrity Act, which defined as black anyone with any known black ancestry, no matter how limited.
Records do not show a marriage for John Bunch III, but the mother of one of his children was later noted as being named Rebecca. He had moved to Louisa County as part of the westward migration of colonists to the frontier of Virginia. Through continued intermarriage with whites in Virginia, the line of Obama's maternal Bunch ancestors probably appeared as and identified as white as early as 1720. Members of this line eventually migrated into Tennessee and ultimately to Kansas, where descendants included Obama's maternal grandmother and his mother Stanley Ann Dunham.
Another line of the Bunch family migrated to North Carolina, where they were classified in some records as mulatto. They intermarried with people of a variety of ethnicities, including European. The Bunch (also sometimes spelled Bunche) family was established as free before the American Revolution. The Bunch surname lines also became associated with core mixed-race families later known as Melungeon in Tennessee. 
Bunch family members also lived in South Carolina by the end of the 18th and early 19th centuries. Several members of the Bunch family, from South Carolina, were living in Detroit, Michigan by the time of the 1900 and 1910 censuses, as a result of moving in the Great Migration. Researcher Paul Heinegg, known for his genealogy work on free African Americans of the colonial period and early federal period, believes that Fred Bunche was among those Bunch descendants from South Carolina, as people often migrated in related groups. His son Ralph Bunche, born in Detroit, later served as US Minister to the United Nations and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. 
Y-DNA testing of direct male descendants of the Bunch family lines has revealed common ancestry going back to a single male ancestor of sub-Saharan African ethnicity. Genealogists believe this male ancestor to be John Punch the African. He was probably born in present-day Cameroon in West Africa, where his particular type of DNA is most common.

</doc>
<doc id="36589750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589750" title="Benjamin Siegrist">
Benjamin Siegrist

Benjamin Kevin "Benji" Siegrist (born 31 January 1992 in Therwil) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays for Aston Villa as a goalkeeper. He was a member of the Switzerland squad at the 2012 Olympic Games in London and has gone on to represent the Swiss Under-21s. In 2009, Siegrist was part of his nation's FIFA U-17 World Cup winning side, during which he also received the competition's inaugural Golden Glove award for best goalkeeper.
Club career.
Aston Villa.
Siegrist started his career at FC Basel in his native Switzerland. In January 2009, just prior to his 17th birthday, he signed for Aston Villa of the Premier League. He has represented the reserve and academy teams since joining the club, and in July 2010 he was allowed to link up with local side Tamworth with a view to a season-long loan. The loan move never materialised, but Siegrist did play for the club in two pre-season friendlies against Rugby Town and Leamington. As a Villa youth player, he helped the club to the reach the final of the 2009–10 FA Youth Cup (which was lost 3–2 on aggregate to Chelsea) and the 2011–12 Premier Reserve League South title.
Ahead of the 2012–13 season Siegrist was promoted to Aston Villa's first team squad, receiving the number 39 shirt in the process.
Loans.
Siegrist joined Football League Two side Burton Albion on a one-month loan deal on 28 November 2013. He was given the number one shirt and was named on the bench for Albion's match with Plymouth Argyle on 30 November 2013. He made no appearances, largely due to the form of Dean Lyness, and returned to Aston Villa after one month.
In March 2014 Siegrist joined Cambridge United of the Conference Premier, the fifth tier of English league football, on loan until the end of the season. On the 26th of March 2014 Siegrist made his professional debut in a 3-0 win away to Salisbury City. Siegrist played three matches for Cambridge conceding only one goal and helping the club to a second-place league finish and ultimately the 2014 Conference Premier play-off Final, before a groin injury ended his spell at the club.
International career.
Siegrist has been part of Switzerland squads at U17, U18, U19, and currently U21 level. Siegrist won the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Nigeria with his nation: the goalkeeper was an integral part of the side that beat the hosts in the final and won the tournament's Golden Player award for the most valuable player as well as the first Golden Glove award as a result. He was chosen as a backup goalkeeper for Switzerland's U21 squad at the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, but remained an unused substitute throughout the tournament as Switzerland lost 2–0 in the final to Spain. In 2012, Siegrist was chosen as a backup goalkeeper to Diego Benaglio for Pierluigi Tami's 18-man squad to represent Switzerland at the 2012 London Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36589752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589752" title="Orcs Must Die! 2">
Orcs Must Die! 2

Orcs Must Die! 2 is a tower defense strategy video game that Robot Entertainment developed as the follow-up to the original "Orcs Must Die!", with Microsoft Game Studios publishing the sequel for the PC on 30 July 2012 in the United States. On 2 April 2012, Microsoft announced the development of "Orcs Must Die! 2" at the Penny Arcade Expo in Boston (PAX East), with their emphasis on co-operative gameplay as the principal addition over the original.
Gameplay.
Like its predecessor, "Orcs Must Die! 2" is a variation on a tower defense game. As either the War Mage or Sorceress in the campaign mode, the player must attempt to defend one or more Rifts from an onslaught of orc armies that emerge from one or more doors in a given level. The orc armies arrive in waves, between which the player is given time to recover and place additional traps; except for Nightmare difficulty, roughly every three waves includes a longer respite that lets the player determine when to release the next wave.
To defeat the orders, the player selects a number of trap spells and equipment from their Spellbook (up to ten in single player modes). Placing traps can be done at any time, but costs a certain amount of in-game currency to do so; this money is either given at the start of the level and as bonuses between level, for killing orcs, or as coins that can be picked up by the player. Traps can also be sold back but only during breaks between waves. Traps include those that are placed on ground, wall, or ceiling, which typically activate once and then require a short reset period before they are ready again; traps can also include Guardians, creatures that will act on their own like archers or knights, who can be injured and knocked down by the orcs until either the major respite between waves or by the player with special equipment. The player can also fight directly using weapons from their Spellbook, including magical abilities that consume mana. The player must watch their health; if they lose their health or fall off a level, they will respawn immediately but lose a number of Rift points. Players can heal by being near a Rift, collecting health or mana potions dropped by defeated orcs, or using special equipment.
Every orc that makes it through the player's traps to a Rift will cost a number of Rift points. If the Rift points drop to zero, the level is considered lost and the player will have to start again. Otherwise, if the player successfully completes the level, they are awarded a number of skulls; up to five skulls are earned based on the number of Rift points remaining and the how long it took to complete the level, and additional skulls can be gained based on score or collected from fallen orcs. The first five skulls can only be earned once on any level, while the bonus skulls are earned every time the level is played. Skulls are used to improve traps and equipment that will permanently remain with that player, allowing players to return to earlier levels with improved traps and equipment as to improve their score. Within the sequel, each trap and equipment can now be boosted up by three levels and include one or more optional improvements, such as causing additional status effects on affected orcs when activated, but only one of these improvements can be activate at any time for that trap or equipment. Players are also rewarded with a new trap or equipment the first time they complete a level.
The game includes a cooperative mode, where one player plays as the War Mage and the other as the Sorceress; within the campaign, the two characters gain traps and equipment in different order as rewards for completing levels; however, players can purchase new traps with skulls as well. In this mode, each player can be only 5 trap spells or equipment in addition to their main weapon. Within the game, players can interact with certain traps placed by the other player - such as triggering a ceiling rock fall - but otherwise cannot sell the other player's traps. Equipment can have benefits that apply to both players, such as an artifact that passively improves the speed of trap resets.
In addition to campaign mode, the game includes an "Endless" mode for both single and cooperative mode, where the players must hold off forty waves of orcs from all the various types in the game. The game offers weekly challenges, typically restricting the players to one or two types of traps and equipment. Additional downloadable content provides new levels, traps, equipment and monster types. The players also gain the ability to buy new costumes for their characters.
Plot.
The game takes place a few days after the events of "Orcs Must Die!". The Sorceress is hiding from The Mob when mysteriously, a Rift opens next to her. She steps through, and finds herself in the Dwarven Mines, right in front of The War Mage, who now works at the mines. She enlists his help in fighting off the Orcs. The two discover that more and more rifts are opening in different locations. They decide to enter the rift and return to the Dead World.
It is revealed that the War Mage's master had not died; he was still alive, and had opened a small, weak rift to allow the Sorceress to escape and battle the Mob together. After the War Mage and the Sorceress begin to communicate with their master, he explains that he started to open the Rifts again because the world beyond the Rifts could not cope without the magic the Rifts provided.
After the two have defended the last Rift, the magic fully returned to the world. The War Mage's master disappeared and the War Mage states that he and the Sorceress will 'always be out there on the Fortress walls, guarding the Rifts and protecting the world, because they (the Orc Mob) will always be out there'.
Sequel.
On the 11th of April 2014, Robot Entertainment announced that a third installment of the franchise called Orcs Must Die! Unchained. According to Robot Entertainment, the game will be a multiplayer only free to play game, able to support up to 5v5 battles between two factions (The Order and The Unchained), and is set for release in late 2014.
Reception.
Initial press reactions to "Orcs Must Die! 2" were generally favourable, with an aggregate of 83% on Metacritic and 85% on Game Rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="36589754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589754" title="Gabriel Vasconcelos Ferreira">
Gabriel Vasconcelos Ferreira

Gabriel Vasconcelos Ferreira (; born 27 September 1992), commonly known as simply Gabriel, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Milan. He won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Club career.
Cruzeiro.
Gabriel started his footballing career in the youth teams of Cruzeiro in 2007. During the 2010 and 2011 seasons he also featured as an unused substitute with the first team on four occasions, including one game of the 2011 Campeonato Mineiro, which Cruzeiro eventually won.
Milan.
At the beginning of the 2012–13 season Gabriel was signed by Milan to serve as backup for Christian Abbiati and Marco Amelia. After making no appearances during his first year at the club, Gabriel's official debut came on 19 October 2013, as manager Massimiliano Allegri chose him to start in place of an injured Abbiati for a home game against Udinese; the Brazilian kept a clean sheet in the 1–0 win.
International career.
Gabriel was part of the Brazil under-20 squad that won the South American Youth Championship in February 2011, appearing in eight games out of nine. The following August he was called up by manager Ney Franco to take part also in the FIFA under-20 World Cup. He played in all seven games as a starter, as Brazil claimed the trophy by defeating Portugal 3-2 in the final at El Campín stadium.
Gabriel was called up by Brazil under-23 to take part in the 2012 Olympic Football tournament as a replacement for the injured Rafael Cabral two days before the start of the competition. After remaining on the bench for the first two games, Gabriel made his debut in the tournament in the third and last match of the group stage against New Zealand, which Brazil won 3–0. He retained his place as a starter in each of the following three games, as Brazil went on to win the silver medal after being defeated 2–1 by Mexico in the final.
Three days after playing in the Olympic final, on 15 August 2012, Gabriel made his senior debut for Brazil, featuring as a starter in a 3–0 friendly win over Sweden, having the distinction of playing his first professional match at full international level.

</doc>
<doc id="36589757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589757" title="Qaleh Khaki">
Qaleh Khaki

Qaleh Khaki (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Khākī and Ghal’eh Khaki) is a village in Harirud Rural District, Bujgan District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589758" title="Someswaram">
Someswaram

Someswaram is a village in Rayavaram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demographics of Someswaram
Total population of Someswaram is 8715. Males are 4408 and Females are 4,307 living in 2230 Houses. Total area of Someswaram is 799 hectares.
Someswaram is reachable from Ramchandrapuram. Someswaram is 6 km distance from Ramchandrapuram. 
Someswaram is a village in Rayavaram Mandal in East Godavari District in Andhra Pradesh State in India. Someswaram is 3.1 km distance from its Mandal Headquarters Rayavaram. Someswaram is 27.1 km distance from its District Main City Kakinada. And 377 km distance from its State Main City Hyderabad. .
Kurakallapalle, Lolla, Machavaram, Nadurubada, Chelluru, Kurmapuram, ... are the villages along with this village in the same Rayavaram Mandal
Nearby villages of this village with distance are Pasalapudi (1.3 km), Lolla (1.7 km), Nadurubada (2.1 km), Kutukuluru (2.6 km), Pulagurtha (3.3 km). Nearby towns are Rayavaram (3.1 km), Ramachandrapuram (4.6 km), Mandapeta (7.5 km), Anaparthy (8.9 km),
Someswaram Pin Code is 533261 and Post office name is Chellooru. Other villages in Post Office (533261, Chelluru) are Chelluru, Someswaram, Pulagurtha, Pasalapudi.
Schools nearby Someswaram
1. S D M Z.P.HIGH SCHOOL, SOMESWARAM
2. S S Z.P.HIGH SCHOOL, CHELLURU
3. Z.P.HIGH SCHOOL, KURAMAPURAM
Colleges nearby Someswaram
1. V SATHIREDDY RURAL MAHILA JR COL RAYAVARAM
2. GOVT JUNIOR COLLEGE RAYAVARAM
3. VS Reddy Rural Degree College
Sub Villages in Someswaram
1. Seethampeta
2. Reddy Krishnam peta
Schools in Someswaram
SDM ZPHSchool, Someswaram.
Vignan Convent

</doc>
<doc id="36589763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589763" title="Mahmoud Alaa El-Din">
Mahmoud Alaa El-Din

Mahmoud Alaa El-Din (born 1991) is an Egyptian professional footballer. He plays for Egypt national football team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36589764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589764" title="Ali Fathy">
Ali Fathy

Ali Fathy (born 1992) is an Egyptian professional footballer. He plays for Egypt national football team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36589767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589767" title="Saleh Gomaa">
Saleh Gomaa

Saleh Gomaa (born August 1, 1993) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Nacional and the Egyptian national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2013 African U-20 Championship. As a 19-year-old, he played at the 2013 African U-20 championship in Algeria and won "The Player of the Tournament", when the Egyptians won their trophy. He is the elder brother of Egyptian footballer Abdallah Gomaa.
Club career.
Saleh Gomaa, often touted as the ‘Egyptian Andres Iniesta’, has played for the Egypt national team and was the youngest player in the squad when he represented Egypt at the 2012 London Olympics. In just a matter of one year, Gomaa has represented Egypt for the U20, U23, and the first team squad.
Gomaa appeared competitively for the first time in 2011 when he was promoted ENPPI’s first team.
Gomaa received numerous offers from clubs in Europe, including Manchester United, Borussia Dortmund and Anderlecht
International career.
Gomaa was a member of the Egypt national under-20 football team that won the 2013 African U-20 Championship in Algeria. He scored two goals in the competition, including a penalty in the final against Ghana. He was selected as the best player of the tournament.
Gomaa was a key player for the Egyptian team at the CAF U23 Championship in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="36589768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589768" title="Saad Samir">
Saad Samir

Saadeldin Saad Samir widely known as "Saad Samir" (, born April 1, 1989 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian Footballer. He plays as a Defender for Egyptian Premier League club Al-Ahly. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36589770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589770" title="Robat, Torbat-e Jam">
Robat, Torbat-e Jam

Robat (, also Romanized as Robāţ; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Harirud Rural District, Bujgan District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 585, in 124 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589771" title="Mohamed Elneny">
Mohamed Elneny

Mohamed Naser Elsayed Elneny (El Nenny), (born 11 July 1992 in El-Mahalla El-Kubra) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Swiss side FC Basel in the Swiss Super League. He is right footed. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics playing for the Egyptian U-23 team.
Club career.
El Mokawloon.
El Neny played his youth football with Al Ahly SC. In 2010 he transferred to Al Moqaweloon Al Arab, more commonly known as El Mokawloon in the Egyptian Premier League. During the 2010–2011 season. Elneny advanced and became a regular in the starting team. Following the Port Said Stadium disaster, early February 2012, the Egyptian Premier League was stopped and all subsequent matches of the 2011–12 Egyptian Premier League were postponed. On 10 March 2012, the Egyptian Football Association announced their decision to cancel the remainder of the season. Following the incident Elneny was solely able to play for the Egyptian National team and the National U-23 team.
Basel.
FC Basel had been watching Elneny for some time and invited him to their training camp in Estepona from 14 to 24 January 2013. Elneny played his unofficial debut on 18 January 2013 during the friendly match against Steaua Bucureşti, a 1–1 draw. Elneny was able to impress Basel's trainer Murat Yakin during the training camp and on 29 January 2013, it was announced that he had signed a loan contract with Basel up until the end of June 2013. Elneny played his official debut for Basel in the 2012–13 Swiss Super League season on 10 February 2013 in the 3–0 home win against Sion as he was substituted in at half time.
At the end of the Swiss Super League season 2012–13 Elneny won the Championship title and was Swiss Cup runner up with Basel. In the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League Basel advanced as far as the semi-finals, there being matched against the reigning UEFA Champions League holders Chelsea, but they were knocked out, losing both home and away ties, beaten 2–5 on aggregate.
During May 2013 Basel announced that they had taken up the option of signing the Egyptian midfielder on a permanent basis. He signed a four-year contract up-until 30 June 2017. He scored his first goal for Basel, the last goal of the match, in the 4–2 home win at the St. Jakob-Park against Zurich on 16 April 2014.
International career.
Egyptian U-23.
As explained, following the Port Said Stadium disaster the Egyptian Premier League was stopped and all subsequent matches of the 2011–12 Egyptian Premier League were postponed. Following the incident Elneny was solely able to play for the Egyptian National team and the National U-23 team. The U-23 team's main objectiv was to qualify and play at the All-Africa Games and Olympic Games, and these aims were achieved with effective displays from Elneny. During the association football Men's tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics he played in all four games. The team reached the last eight, but were knocked out by Japan.
Egypt National team.
To date Elneny has played 31 games for the Egyptian senior team and scored 1 goal.
International goals.
"Scores and results list Egypt's goal tally first.
Titles and honours.
Basel

</doc>
<doc id="36589773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589773" title="Mohamed Bassam">
Mohamed Bassam

Mohamed Bassam (born 1990) is an Egyptian professional footballer. He plays for Egypt national football team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36589785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589785" title="Emanuel Pleitez">
Emanuel Pleitez

Emanuel Alberto Pleitez (born December 15, 1982) was a 2013 mayoral candidate for the city of Los Angeles. He was born and raised in South and East LA, and was the first of his family to attend college, graduating from Stanford University in 2006. He is the Chief Strategy Officer of Spokeo, an LA-based tech company.
Early life and education.
Pleitez was born in South Los Angeles and raised in the Eastside neighborhood of El Sereno. He is the son of Mexican and Salvadoran immigrants, brought up along with his younger sister by their single mother.
He attended Woodrow Wilson High School in El Sereno, where he was elected Senior Class President and earned 19 varsity letters as well as several academic scholarships. He went on to attend Stanford University.
During his time at Stanford, Pleitez was involved in many student groups, including the Hispanic Undergraduate Business Association, ASSU student government, and Alpha Kappa Psi, a professional business fraternity. He also took time off from school to work in the political field; he served as a field organizer on John Kerry's presidential campaign, as well as the Special Assistant to then-councilman Antonio Villaraigosa during the councilman’s 2005 mayoral race.
While at Stanford, Pleitez was honored with the Jerry I. Porras Visionary Leadership Award and the Cecilia and Tony Burciaga Community Development Award. He graduated from Stanford with a B.A. in Urban Studies in 2006.
Career.
Beginning in 2007, Pleitez worked as a Financial Analyst at Goldman Sachs. He left Goldman Sachs when President Barack Obama was elected in 2008, after being selected to serve as a member of the Obama-Biden Presidential Transition Team. He worked specifically on Treasury Department Agency Review. Following the presidential transition, Pleitez ran for Congressional Representative of the 32nd District of California against Gil Cedillo and Judy Chu.
After the congressional campaign (which ended in May 2009), Pleitez was appointed to the President’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board (PERAB) as Special Assistant to Chairman Paul Volcker. There, he "delivered recommendations to President Obama on workforce development, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, infrastructure financing, and residential retrofitting." 
In August 2010, Pleitez left his government job to work as a Management Consultant in the Los Angeles office of McKinsey and Company. He left McKinsey and Company in February 2012 to accept his current position of Chief Strategy Officer of Spokeo, a privately held tech company based in Pasadena.
Non-profit work.
Emanuel Pleitez has been involved in many charitable and non-profit projects. While in school at Stanford he was the program coordinator for El Centro Chicano. From April 2006 – January 2007 he served as a Leadership Network Developer at the Hispanic Heritage Foundation. He currently serves as the Chair of the Hispanic Heritage Foundation's LOFT Institute. In 2008 he became the Board of Directors Chair for the Salvadoran American Leadership and Educational Fund (SALEF), a position he still retains. In 2009 he volunteered as a Development Assistant with the United Farm Workers.
In 2011 Pleitez founded Inspira, a web series featuring inspirational stories of Latino leaders. He currently serves as the Executive producer and Host alongside Gabriela Fresquez. He also serves as an advisor to various non-profits, including the New Leaders Council, No Labels, and the Woodrow Wilson High School Alumni Foundation. In 2013, he joined California Children's Academy and sits on their Board of Directors. 
2013 Los Angeles mayoral candidacy.
Pleitez announced his mayoral candidacy early in July 2012. He cites a “void in the field of candidates” as well as a desire to “inspire and reenergize LA” and to ”represent those voices asking for integrity, hard work, and fair representation of all Angelenos” as some of his reasons for running.
Pleitez was one of two Latino candidates running for mayor of Los Angeles, and said that he planned on running a competitive and unconventional campaign. On January 3, 2013, Pleitez qualified for City of Los Angeles matching campaign funds, by raising $150,000 in qualifying campaign contributions prior to December 31, 2012.
Pleitez failed to make the runoff, placing fifth with only 4% of the vote.
Personal.
Emanuel met his wife Rebecca in Washington, D.C. and was married in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36589788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589788" title="2012 Empire Trnava Cup – Doubles">
2012 Empire Trnava Cup – Doubles

Janette Husárová and Renata Voráčová were the defending champions, but Husárová chose not to participate. Therefore Voráčová partnered with Elena Bogdan and successfully defended her title defeating Marta Domachowska and Sandra Klemenschits in the final 7–6(7–2), 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="36589796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589796" title="1940 Summer Olympics torch relay">
1940 Summer Olympics torch relay

Though the whole event was eventually cancelled due to the outbreak of war, the 1940 Summer Olympics torch relay was planned for both of the proposed host cities. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) awarded the 1940 Summer Olympics to Tokyo, Japan in July 1936. Tokyo's ability to host the event was questioned after war broke out with China (the Second Sino-Japanese War) with some countries calling for the Games to be boycotted. The Japanese decided to cancel the event and Helsinki, Finland, the runner-up city in the bidding process, was selected as the replacement. That too was cancelled after the outbreak of World War II.
At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin the first torch relay event took place, starting a tradition that has continued in all the Games that have taken place since. Both National Olympic Committees had given details about their plan for the Olympic Torch relay.
Tokyo plans.
The distance from Olympia to Berlin made it possible to hold a relay on foot in a reasonable amount of time, but the distance to Tokyo gave the IOC cause for concern. They discussed the viability of such an undertaking on numerous occasions and eventually decided that they should try to replicate the success of the inaugural torch relay using "teamers, automobiles, and airplanes". A report into the progress made on the planning of the Games stated that there would be a significant benefit "in diffusing the Olympic spirit in the districts where the knowledge of the Olympic movement is as yet very scanty".
The organisation team behind the 1936 relay made recommendations to the Japanese Olympic Committee about how it could be completed. Their suggestions would see the torch carried for 10,000 km by runners and horse riders, travelling along the Silk Road across Central Asia. A significant portion of the relay would therefore take place across China, an idea not favoured by the Japanese. Another proposal, coming from Germany, was to pioneer the idea of air delivery of the Torch, in the purpose-built Messerschmitt Me 261 "Adolfine" long-range aircraft, which was designed to have a maximum range of some 9,500 km (5,900 mi) unrefueled.
Several suggestions were made by the Japanese Olympic Committee about how the flame could be taken from Olympia to Tokyo. One proposal was for the torch to be carried on board a Japanese warship, but a later idea was for it to be taken by the "Kamikaze", a Mitsubishi Ki-15 plane, across southern Asia. When the flame arrived in Japan it would be carried from Mount Hyūga in Kyushu to Tokyo via the Ise Grand Shrine.
A relay from Olympia to Tokyo eventually took place when the city hosted the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Helsinki plans.
The Finnish Olympic Committee planned an ambitious relay that would cross Europe. The first part of the route would be very similar to that of 1936 as the torch travelled up to Berlin, the only addition being a detour to Slovakia. From there it would make its way through to Scandinavia, taken by a rowing boat where necessary.
There was a further proposal that the flame would make its way to every Olympic Stadium in each host city of the previous ten Summer Games. Cauldrons at these locations would also keep the flame burning for the duration of the Games. While the torch route would include Athens, Berlin, and Stockholm the other host cities were further afield and would require alternative arrangements. Suggestions included branching off the relay to the European cities but it would be more difficult to arrange travel to the two in the United States.
Cities included in the route.
The route would visit the following cities across Europe:

</doc>
<doc id="36589844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589844" title="Abdalabad">
Abdalabad

Abdalabad or Ebdalabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36589852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589852" title="Abdalabad, Razavi Khorasan">
Abdalabad, Razavi Khorasan

Abdalabad (, also Romanized as Abdālābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād and Adullāhābād) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,192, in 505 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589867" title="Big Soul">
Big Soul

Big Soul is the debut album of American Garage punk band The Original Sins, released in 1987 through Bar/None Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by John Terlesky

</doc>
<doc id="36589874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589874" title="Château d'Augerville">
Château d'Augerville

The Château d'Augerville is a historic château, situated in the commune of Augerville-la-Rivière, Loiret, France. It is a monument historique, a national heritage site of France.
History.
Early.
The site is first mentioned during the twelfth century as Augerville, then a hamlet, in a charter from 1119. From 1207 onwards, Augerville was a stronghold for Philip Augerville and his son Louis. There they built a château fort flanked by a pigeonnier. Louis Augerville died in 1248 without an heir, so the estate went to brothers Pierre and Dreux de Beaumont.
During the Hundred Years War, the son of Pierre de Beaumont, Jean de Beaumont, sided with the English. He was sentenced to death by the provost of Paris and was executed on September 6, 1367. His property was confiscated, but later returned to his widow, Jeanne de Courtenay. She died without any children, so a nearby branch of the family took Augerville in 1403, in the person of another Jean de Beaumont. At his death, his brother Pierre de Beaumont inherited the castle, but had to flee an English occupation. His lands were redistributed by the occupying English to French supporters of Henry VI of England.
The château fort was a ruin by the time it was purchased by Jacques Cœur, a merchant and major financier of King Charles VII, in 1452. Cœur had little time to enjoy the property, as he was put on trial for royal embezzlement and sentenced to exile, where he died in 1456. All of his property was confiscated by the crown.
Catherine de' Medici and her son, King Charles IX, stayed at the château in September 1562. An asset inventory of the fiefdom of Augerville-la-Rivière, dated June 30, 1582, noted that the château fort was surrounded by walls and a moat, fed by the Essonne River. It had a garden, a courtyard, a barn, a theatre, and a pigeonnier.
After another period of abandonment, the château was sold for taxes on October 22, 1637. It went through another owner, who began to restore it as a country house in 1644, but found it to be too large a task. It was bought in 1644 by Jean Perrault-de-Montevrault, who had the facades of the château and apartments restored and added two detached wings, a new pigeonnier, a new barn, and created a forecourt surrounded by estate buildings.
Later.
The château was auctioned off in 1825. At that time it was described as being having forty-six rooms on three floors, with the south facade overlooking the park and including thirty-four windows and three doors. The northern facade at the time was noted to have thirty windows overlooking the main courtyard. The estate was purchased by Antoine Pierre Berryer, advocate and counselor to the French parliament. He spent much of his time restoring and expanding the property. His notable guests at the estate included François-René de Chateaubriand, Alexandre Dumas, fils, Franz Liszt, Gioachino Rossini, Alfred de Musset, and Eugène Delacroix. Following the death of Berryer in 1868, the estate went to his sister. She continued to make improvements. With her death, the property again passed to an absentee owner and was largely neglected. It was bought by Count Pange in 1912. He restored facades, the gardens, and lands before reselling to industrialist Felix Mouton in 1919.
In the summer of 1926 the estate was purchased by American socialite Alva Belmont, formerly Mrs. William Kissam Vanderbilt, who restored it as her primary residence. It had been one of several inspirations for her châteauesque-style Petit Château in Manhattan. Her daughter, Consuelo Vanderbilt, wrote that she thought that Jacques Cœur's reported ownership had partially inspired her mother to buy the estate. Belmont did much restoration and renovation during her ownership. She had the river flowing through the estate widened because she said, as Consuelo later wrote, "This river is not wide enough." She brought in paving stones from Versailles to cover the previously sand-paved great forecourt between the house and the village. She had a massive neo-Gothic portal gate erected on the northern entrance road, separating the château and village from the surrounding farmland. Changes inside the château included replacement of the wrought iron staircases and moving the kitchens to the basement. She also added a bowling alley in one of the buildings on the estate, one of the first in France. After her death in 1933, the chateau was left to Consuelo, who sold it to a Swiss company in the winter of 1937.
From 1986 to 1989, the château and estate were resold twice. It is now a luxury hotel, complete with a golf course. The course, established in 1995, has 18 holes and was designed by Olivier Dongradi.

</doc>
<doc id="36589878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589878" title="Amir Khvajeh">
Amir Khvajeh

Amir Khvajeh (, also Romanized as Amīr Khvājeh) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589891" title="Bagh-e Now, Razavi Khorasan">
Bagh-e Now, Razavi Khorasan

Bagh-e Now (, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Now) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589902" title="Bidestan, Torbat-e Jam">
Bidestan, Torbat-e Jam

Bidestan (, also Romanized as Bīdestān; also known as Zardālūvak) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589922" title="Chenar, Torbat-e Jam">
Chenar, Torbat-e Jam

Chenar (, also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589926" title="Cheshmeh Jowhar">
Cheshmeh Jowhar

Cheshmeh Jowhar () is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 236, in 46 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589930" title="Hasanak, Razavi Khorasan">
Hasanak, Razavi Khorasan

Hasanak (, also Romanized as Ḩasanak) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 535, in 120 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589936" title="Richard Lewis Brown">
Richard Lewis Brown

Richard Lewis Brown, known as R. L. Brown (1854–1948), was a builder and state politician who lived in Jacksonville, Florida. An African American, Brown was born in South Carolina and moved with his family to Florida after the American Civil War, first to Lake City and then Jacksonville. He was married in 1875 and worked as a carpenter, farmer, and minister. He served two terms in the Florida House of Representatives from 1881 to 1884. He worked construction for the Duval County school board and has a school named after him. He was the contractor for Centennial Hall at Edward Waters College.

</doc>
<doc id="36589943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589943" title="Hasanak">
Hasanak

Hasanak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36589947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589947" title="Jafarabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Jafarabad, Torbat-e Jam

Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,186, in 280 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589959" title="Khorramabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Khorramabad, Torbat-e Jam

Khorramabad (, also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,178, in 283 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589966" title="Kalateh-ye Fazel">
Kalateh-ye Fazel

Kalateh-ye Fazel (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fāẕel) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 493, in 102 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589969" title="Kalateh-ye Sufi">
Kalateh-ye Sufi

Kalateh-ye Sufi (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Şūfī) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,242, in 253 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589971" title="Mokhalefgah">
Mokhalefgah

Mokhalefgah (, also Romanized as Mokhālefgāh) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 129, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589978" title="Informix Corporation">
Informix Corporation

Informix Corporation was a leading developer of relational database software for computers using the Unix, Microsoft Windows, and Apple Macintosh operating systems.
History.
Major Events Timeline.
Informix Corporation, originally named Relational Database Systems Inc., was created in 1980 by Roger Sippl.
In 1986, The company changed its name to Informix Corporation and went public, raising $9 million.
In 1989, Phillip E. White took over as chief executive.
In 1996, Informix acquired Illustra Information Technologies, an object/relational database company.
In 1997, Informix was rocked by charges of accounting fraud and illegal insider trading.
In 2001, Informix sold its database subsidiary, Informix Software, to IBM, and renamed itself Ascential Software.
In 2005, IBM acquired Ascential Software.
Detailed History of Key Product Lines and Acquisitions.
Informix Software was a software company which sold database products, desktop software and development tools, and information integration products from 1980 until 2005, becoming approximately a $1 billion company in the process. The company was active in the Unix, PC, Linux and Macintosh markets, and grew through both organic development and acquisitions. Its best known products were the Informix databases, of which there were several different families. Other well known products included 4GL, a development environment, Wingz a spreadsheet, and Redbrick a datawarehouse oriented database system, and the Ascential information integration family of products.
The Informix brand and database products were acquired by IBM in 2001, and several of the most popular products remain in market and are continuing to be enhanced by IBM. For information on the current Informix branded database software products see the article IBM Informix.
At the time of the acquisition of Informix by IBM a smaller spin-off company was created, Ascential Software, focused on the information integration and ETL markets. Ascential Software was later acquired by IBM as well, in 2005.
Founding and Early history.
Founders Roger Sippl and Laura King worked at Cromemco, an early S-100/CP/M company, where they developed a small relational database based on ISAM techniques, as a part of a report-writer software package. Sippl and King left Cromemco to found Relational Database Systems (RDS) in 1980. Their first product, Marathon, was essentially a 16-bit version of their earlier ISAM work, made available first on the C8000 from Onyx Systems.
At RDS, they turned their attention to the emerging RDBMS market and released their own product as Informix (INFORMation on unIX) in 1981. It included their own Informer language. It featured the ACE report writer, used to extract data from the database and present it to users for easy reading. It also featured the PERFORM screen form tool, which allowed a user to interactively query and edit the data in the database. The final release of this product was version 3.30 in early 1986.
In 1985, they introduced a new SQL-based query engine as part of INFORMIX-SQL (or ISQL) version 1.10 (version 1.00 was never released). This product also included SQL variants of ACE and PERFORM. The most significant difference between ISQL and the previous Informix product was the separation of the database access code into an engine process (sqlexec), rather than embedding it directly in the client — thus setting the stage for client-server computing, with the database running on a separate machine from the user's machine. The underlying ISAM-based file storage engine was known as C-ISAM.
Through the early 1980s Informix remained a small player, but as Unix and SQL grew in popularity during the mid-1980s, their fortunes changed. By 1986 they had become large enough to float a successful IPO, and changed the company name to Informix Software. The products included INFORMIX-SQL version 2.00 and INFORMIX-4GL 1.00, both of which included the database engine as well as development tools (I4GL for programmers, ISQL for non-programmers).
A series of releases followed, including a new query engine, initially known as INFORMIX-Turbo. Turbo used the new RSAM, with great multi-user performance benefits over C-ISAM.
With the release of the version 4.00 products in 1989, Turbo was renamed INFORMIX-OnLine (in part because it permitted coherent database backups while the server was online and users were modifying the data), and the original server based on C-ISAM was separated from the tools (ISQL and I4GL) and named INFORMIX-SE (Standard Engine). Version 5.00 of Informix OnLine was released at the very end of 1990, and included full distributed transaction support with two-phase commit and stored procedures. Version 5.01 was released with support for triggers too.
Innovative Software Acquisition.
In 1988, Informix purchased Innovative Software, makers of a DOS and Unix-based office system called SmartWare and WingZ, a spreadsheet program for the Apple Macintosh.
WingZ provided a graphical user interface, supported larger, 32768x32768 dimension spreadsheets, and offered programming in a HyperCard-like language known as HyperScript. The original release proved successful, becoming the number two spreadsheet, behind Microsoft Excel. In 1990, WingZ ports started appearing for a number of other platforms, mostly Unix variants. During this period, many financial institutions began investing in Unix workstations as a route to increasing the desktop "grunt" required to run large financial models. For a brief periodspecific enough to verify, Wingz was successfully marketed into this niche. However it suffered from a lack of development and marketing resources. By the early 1990s WingZ had become uncompetitive, and Informix eventually sold it in 1995. Informix also sold a license to Claris, who combined it with a rather updated GUI as Claris Resolve.
Dynamic Scalable Architecture.
With its failure in office automation products, Informix refocused on the growing database server market. In 1994, as part of a collaboration with Sequent Computer Systems, Informix released its version 6.00 database server, which featured its new Dynamic Scalable Architecture, DSA.
DSA involved a major rework of the core engine of the product, supporting both horizontal parallelism and vertical parallelism, and based on a multi-threaded core well suited towards the symmetric multiprocessing systems that Sequent pioneered and that major vendors like Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard would eventually follow up on. The two forms of parallelism made the product capable of market-leading levels of scalability, both for OLTP and data warehousing.
Now known as Informix Dynamic Server (after briefly entertaining the name Obsidian and then being named Informix OnLine Dynamic Server), Version 7 hit the market in 1994. Version 7 consistently won performance benchmarks.
Building on the success of Version 7, Informix split its core database development investment into two efforts. One effort, first known as XMP (for eXtended Multi-Processing), became the Version 8 product line, also known as XPS (for eXtended Parallel Server). This effort focused on enhancements in data warehousing and parallelism in high-end platforms, including shared-nothing platforms such as IBM's RS-6000/SP.
Illustra acquisition.
The second focus, which followed the late 1995 purchase of Illustra, concentrated on object-relational database (O-R) technology. Illustra, written by ex-Postgres team members and led by database pioneer Michael Stonebraker, included various features that allowed it to return fully formed objects directly from the database, a feature that can significantly reduce programming time in many projects. Illustra also included a feature known as DataBlades that allowed new data types and features to be included in the basic server as options. These included solutions to a number of thorny SQL problems, namely time series, spatial and multimedia data. Informix integrated Illustra's O-R mapping and DataBlades into the 7.x OnLine product, resulting in Informix Universal Server (IUS), or more generally, Version 9.
Both new versions, V8 (XPS) and V9 (IUS), appeared on the market in 1996, making Informix the first of the "big three" database companies (the others being Oracle and Sybase) to offer built-in O-R support. Commentators paid particular attention to the DataBlades, which soon became very popular: dozens appeared within a year, ported to the new architecture after partnerships with Illustra. This left other vendors scrambling, with Oracle introducing a "grafted on" package for time-series support in 1997, and Sybase turning to a third party for an external package which remains an unconvincing solution.
Internal problems.
Although Informix took a technological lead in the database software market, product releases began to fall behind schedule by late 1996. Plagued with technical and marketing problems, a new application development product, Informix-NewEra, was soon overshadowed by the emerging Java programming language. Michael Stonebraker had promised that the Illustra technology would be integrated within a year after the late 1995 acquisition, but as Gartner Group had predicted, the integration required more than 2 years.
Unhappy with the new direction of the company, XPS lead architect Gary Kelley suddenly resigned and joined arch-rival Oracle Corporation in early 1997, taking 11 of his developers with him. Informix ultimately sued Oracle to prevent loss of trade secrets. As part of a formal settlement negotiated between the two companies, the lawsuit was withdrawn and Informix issued a statement retracting their accusations against the former employees. Other details of the settlement were not made public.
Misgovernance and Executive Wrongdoing.
Corporate misgovernance overshadowed Informix's technical successes. On April 1, 1997, Informix announced that first quarter revenues fell short of expectations by $100 million. CEO Phillip White blamed the shortfall on a loss of focus on the core database business while devoting too many resources to object-relational technology.
Huge operating losses and job cuts followed. Informix re-stated earnings from 1994 through 1996. A significant amount of revenue from the mid-1990s involved software license sales to partners who did not sell through to an end-user customer; this and other irregularies led to overstating revenue by over $200 million. Even after White's departure in July, 1997, the company continued to struggle with accounting practices, re-stating earnings again in early 1998.
New Leaders and Renewed Success.
The capabilities of Informix Dynamic Server (IDS) began to strengthen. New leadership began to emerge as well. An excerpt from the September 22, 1998 issue of PC Magazine's article on the top 100 companies that are changing the way you compute:
Phil White Indicted and Pleads Guilty.
In November 2002, Phillip White, the former CEO of Informix ousted in 1997, was indicted by a federal grand jury and charged with eight counts of securities, wire, and mail fraud. In a plea bargain thirteen months later, he pleaded guilty to a single count of filing a false registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
In May 2004, the Department of Justice announced that White was sentenced to two months in federal prison for securities fraud, with a fine of $10,000, two years of supervised release, and 300 hours of community service. The announcement noted that the loss to shareholders caused by the violation could not reasonably be estimated under the facts of the case. White's earlier plea agreement had limited prison time to no more than 12 months.
Walter Königseder, the company's vice president in charge of European operations, was also indicted by a federal grand jury. However, he was a citizen and resident of Germany, and the United States was unable to secure his extradition.
In November 2005, Steve W. Martin, a longtime Informix employee, published a book detailing the rise and fall of Informix Software and CEO Phil White, titled "The Real Story of Informix Software and Phil White: Lessons in Business and Leadership for the Executive Team".
Informix acquires Ardent Software.
In March 2000, Informix acquired Ardent Software, a company with a history of mergers and acquisitions. That acquisition gave Informix the legacy MultiValue database platforms UniVerse and UniData, known collectively as U2 (now Rocket U2), as well as a small but growing set of Extract Transform and Load (ETL) and other information integration products, the latter were the target of the acquisition being well positioned in a fast growing market segment.
In July 2000, the former CEO of Ardent, Peter Gyenes, became the CEO of Informix, and soon re-organized Informix to make it more attractive as an acquisition target. The major step was separating the database engine technologies from the recently acquired Ardent Software ETL and Information Integration products.
Informix Divests: Acquisition of the Informix Database Business by IBM.
In April 2001, IBM negotiated with Informix to buy the core database business. Prompted by a suggestion from Wal-Mart, one of Informix's largest customers, IBM bought from Informix the database technology, the brand, the plans for future development (an internal project codenamed "Arrowhead"), and the customer base (over 100,000 customers) associated with these items. The deal closed on July 1, 2001. Approximately 2,000 Informix employees moved to IBM as part of the deal.
Informix renames itself Ascential and moves into ETL business.
Informix shareholders approved this deal, which delivered $1 billion in cash to the much smaller remaining company, which intended to focus on the high growth ETL and information integration space, dominated at the time by Informatica. The company renamed itself Ascential Software, and continued to be led by CEO Peter Geyenes and President Peter Fiore.
Ascential Software made use of its large cash holdings from the Informix sale to buy a number of smaller companies with technology. Many were had at bargain prices as the software industry was caught up in the economic slump following the 9/11/2001 terrorist attacks.
Despite these acquisitions Ascential was not able to ever come anywhere near matching the financial performance of Informix prior to the sale, and were eventually forced to perform a 4 for 1 reverse stock split to ensure that the stock was not delisted from NASDAQ for falling below the minimum share price.
IBM buys Ascential.
In May 2005, IBM bought Ascential, reuniting all of Informix's assets under IBM's Information Management Software portfolio. The deal paid Ascential shareholders $1.1 billion, however IBM assumed control of $481 million in cash that Ascential had retained from the Informix sale. Shareholders received $18.50 a share, a 15% premium over the previous close of $15.70. Shareholders who had held on from the Informix era did not fare so well, after accounting for the reverse split the deal netted them only $4.62 a share, far less than the price before IBM's first acquisition, which had hovered a bit over $7.00 through March 2001.
Prior to its purchase, Informix's product lineup included:

</doc>
<doc id="36589979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589979" title="Qaleh-ye Sorkh, Nasrabad">
Qaleh-ye Sorkh, Nasrabad

Qaleh-ye Sorkh (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sorkh and Qal‘eh Sorkh; also known as Qal‘a Surkh and Qal‘eh Surkh) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,344, in 316 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36589992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589992" title="Nero-Film">
Nero-Film

Nero-Film AG was a German film production company founded in 1925 and based in Berlin during the Weimar era.
The company's name was derived from the names of its two founders: the letters "NE" stood for the name of the entrepreneur Heinrich Nebenzahl, and the letters "RO" for the initials of director Richard Oswald. Originally founded as "Nero-Film GmbH", a limited liability company, it was converted into an "Aktiengesellschaft", "Nero-Film AG", in 1927. Under the influence of Nebenzahl's son Seymour Nebenzahl, Nero-Film was one of the most artistically ambitious production companies in Germany, and with directors like G.W. Pabst and Fritz Lang it produced a number of major films of the Weimar era, such as "Pandora's Box", "Westfront 1918", "The Threepenny Opera", "M", "Kameradschaft", "L'Atlantide" and "The Testament of Dr. Mabuse". In the film industry, the bourgeois-democratic Nero-Film and the proletarian Prometheus Film were the last bulwark against the rise of artistic Nazism. After the Nazi seizure of power in 1933, Seymour Nebenzahl was forced to emigrate, and Nero-Film AG was forced to discontinue their work. The Testament of Dr. Mabuse became the first film censored by the Nazi government; Nebenzal and Director Frtiz Lang appeared before Reich Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels, who ordered "Mabuse" destroyed and banned it from the Reich. Nebenzal, using his American passport, fled that evening to Switzerland and then to France, where he collaborated with the Director Anatole Litvak to produce Mayerling, a huge success for the star, Charles Boyer.
In Los Angeles, Nebenzahl led various later film production companies under the famous name of Nero-Film. 
Selected filmography.
Seymour Nebenzal's son Harold Nebenzal continued the three-generation tradition of Nero-Film through the production of such motion picture masterpieces as Cabaret and Gabriela.

</doc>
<doc id="36589994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589994" title="Ransom Buffalow">
Ransom Buffalow

Ransom Buffalow (1861–1922) was an architect in Jacksonville, Florida. Buffalow was born in North Carolina. He worked in Graham, Virginia, Seattle, Denver, and Knoxville before moving to Jacksonville in 1910. He designed several homes in the Riverside and Avondale Historic District neighborhoods and is known for his work in the Prairie School architectural style. He designed the Ransom Buffalow House (1922).

</doc>
<doc id="36590008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590008" title="Katie Glynn">
Katie Glynn

Katie Glynn (born 14 March 1989) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team, including at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Glynn was first selected for the Black Sticks Women in June 2009, along with ten other players as the Black Sticks squad was overhauled following its last place finish at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
She was noted for the semi-final match between New Zealand and the Netherlands at the 2012 Olympics, where eleven minutes into the second half, she was accidentally smacked in the head by the hockey stick of opponent forward Ellen Hoog as Hoog attempted to shoot at goal. Despite the resulting wound in her head requiring five staples and two sutures, Glynn returned to the game later in the second half heavily bandaged, and later was compared to New Zealand cricketer Bert Sutcliffe and his return after a head injury in the 1953–54 South African tour.

</doc>
<doc id="36590011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590011" title="Alana Millington">
Alana Millington

Alana Millington (born 28 June 1988) is an Australian-born New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team (the "Black Sticks Women") since 2007, including in the team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36590012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590012" title="Ella Gunson">
Ella Gunson

Elizabeth (Ella) Gunson (born 9 July 1989) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team (the "Black Sticks Women") since 2009, including at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Gunson was first selected for the Black Sticks Women in June 2009, along with ten other players as the Black Sticks squad was overhauled following its last place finish at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36590013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590013" title="Samantha Charlton">
Samantha Charlton

Samantha (Sam) Charlton (born 7 December 1991) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has compteted for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team (the "Black Sticks Women"), including for the team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Born in Wellington, Charlton spent most of her formative years living in Tauranga and attended Otumoetai College. , she resides in Auckland, where she is a student at Massey University in Albany.

</doc>
<doc id="36590014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590014" title="Samantha Harrison">
Samantha Harrison

Samantha (Sam) Harrison (born 29 August 1991) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team ("the Black Sticks Women"), including for the team at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Harrison was first selected for the Black Sticks Women in June 2009, along with ten other players as the Black Sticks squad was overhauled following its last place finish at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, joining her older sister Charlotte, who had been in the team since October 2005. She played her first official match for the Black Sticks on 3 July 2009, against Argentina in her hometown of Whangarei, as part of a series of games against Argentina and China.
Born in Whangarei to Steve and Zanna Harrison, Samantha is the second of three sisters, between Charlotte and younger sister Anita. Samantha attended Whangarei Girls' High School before moving to Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland in Year 11 (Form 5). , Harrison is studying psychology at the Auckland University of Technology on Auckland's North Shore.
Despite Samantha being two years younger and three centimetres (1 in) taller than her sister Charlotte, once the two competed together for the Black Sticks, their similarities in appearance became apparent and were often mistaken for each other by comentators and match officials. In mid-2010, Samantha dyed her hair brown to help alleviate the problem, but within a year had reverted to her natural blonde colour.
At club level, Harrison is a member of the Southern Districts Hockey Club, based in Papatoetoe, Auckland. In the National Hockey League, she is a member of the Auckland Fury women's team.
In November 2012, Harrison was demoted from the Black Sticks national squad to the development squad for the 2013 year, after national coach Mark Hager felt she was suffering from burnout. At the time, Harrison spent three months in Cambridge, England, coaching hockey at The Leys School.

</doc>
<doc id="36590015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590015" title="Melody Cooper">
Melody Cooper

Melody Cooper (née Rowe, born 16 March 1983) is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590017" title="Qaleh-ye Sorkh, Torbat-e Jam">
Qaleh-ye Sorkh, Torbat-e Jam

Qaleh-ye Sorkh (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sorkh and Qal‘eh Sorkh; also known as Qal‘a Surkhi, Qal‘eh Shorkh, Qal‘eh Sorkhī, and Qal‘eh Surkhi) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590018" title="Bianca Russell">
Bianca Russell

Bianca Russell (born 4 July 1978) is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590019" title="Golden Grove Airport">
Golden Grove Airport

Golden Grove Airport is located at Golden Grove Mine, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590020" title="Stacey Michelsen">
Stacey Michelsen

Stacey Michelsen (born 18 February 1991) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team (the "Black Sticks Women"), including for the team at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Michelsen was first selected for the Black Sticks Women in June 2009, along with ten other players as the Black Sticks squad was overhauled following its last place finish at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. In February 2012, she was named the 2011 women's Young Player of the Year in the International Hockey Federation's (FIH) Player of the Year Awards.
Born in Whangarei, Michelsen attended Kamo Intermediate and Kamo High School in Whangarei and St Cuthbert's College in Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="36590022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590022" title="Anita Punt">
Anita Punt

Anita Punt (born 2 October 1987) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team (the "Black Sticks Women") since 2009, including for the team at the 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
Born in Nelson to Nicolaas and Adele Punt, Anita is of Dutch descent through her father and holds dual New Zealand and Dutch citizenship. She attended Waimea College in nearby Richmond, before moving to Wellington at age 18 to focus on her hockey with the Capital National Hockey League team. Punt was first selected for the Black Sticks Women in June 2009, along with ten other players as the Black Sticks squad was overhauled following its last place finish at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She played her first match for New Zealand on 19 June 2009 against India in hometown Nelson.
Punt has a reputation for her speed, being touted as one of the fastest female hockey players in the world with a time over ten metres ranking her within the top eight of the Black Sticks Men's squad. In February 2013, Punt was entered as a wildcard entry into the annual International Track Meet in Christchurch, in which she won the 100 metres in 12.61 seconds (on a grass track and with a strong 2.9 m/s headwind), beating many seasoned New Zealand track athletes. She later won the 100 metres and 200 metres at the Porritt Classic in Hamilton, before competing in the New Zealand Track and Field Championships in March 2013 in Auckland. However, Punt was off pace and came fifth in the 100 metres, with a time of 12.23 seconds (wind +0.1 m/s).
, Punt resides on the North Shore of Auckland. She is a retail assistant by trade, but is currently studying veterinary nursing.

</doc>
<doc id="36590040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590040" title="Kristina Hillmann">
Kristina Hillmann

Kristina Hillmann is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590041" title="Nina Hasselmann">
Nina Hasselmann

Nina Hasselmann is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590042" title="Katharina Otte">
Katharina Otte

Katharina Otte is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590046" title="Lisa Hahn">
Lisa Hahn

Lisa Hahn is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590047" title="Jennifer Plass">
Jennifer Plass

Jennifer Plass is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590048" title="Marie Mävers">
Marie Mävers

Marie Mävers is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590055" title="Celine Wilde">
Celine Wilde

Celine Wilde is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590056" title="Anke Brockmann">
Anke Brockmann

Anke Brockmann (born 19 August 1988 in Berlin) is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Germany women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590060" title="Qazqaveh">
Qazqaveh

Qazqaveh (, also Romanized as Qazqāveh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 143, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590064" title="Mohammadabad, Nasrabad">
Mohammadabad, Nasrabad

Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590067" title="Laura del Colle">
Laura del Colle

Laura Andrea del Colle is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590068" title="Macarena Rodríguez">
Macarena Rodríguez

Ana Macarena Rodríguez Pérez (born 10 June 1978 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590069" title="Delfina Merino">
Delfina Merino

Delfina Merino (born 15 October 1989) is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590070" title="Martina Cavallero">
Martina Cavallero

Martina Cavallero is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590071" title="Florencia Habif">
Florencia Habif

Florencia Martina Habif (born on 22 August 1993) is an Argentine Field Hockey Player. Being part of Argentina's Junior National Team "Las Leoncitas" ("The Baby Lionesses") since 2009 and of the National Team "Las Leonas" ("The Lionesses") since 2010, she competed in several tournaments, including the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the team achieved the Silver Medal, being the team's youngest player. Florencia Habif is also a player in the club Gimnasia y Esgrima de Buenos Aires (GEBA) since she was 4 years old. Habif is part of the so-called New Generation of Argentina's Women's Field Hockey.
Sports career.
Florencia Habif started field hockey at GEBA and then joined Argentina's Junior National Team at the age of 17, achieving a Gold Medal in the 2010 Pan American Youth Championship Tournament in Montevideo, Uruguay; then qualifying and earning a Silver Medal at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore. Florencia Habif earned also a Silver Medal in 2011 at the Champions Trophy held in Amsterdam, the Netherlands; a Gold Medal at the 2011 Four Nations held in Berlin, Germany; and a Gold Medal at the 2012 Women's Hockey Champions Trophy held at Rosario, Argentina. Florencia Habif played the Visa International Invitational Hockey Tournament at London before her first Olympic Games at the age of 19 at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The last tournament she played was the 2012 Pan American Junior Championship held at Guadalajara, Mexico, where Argentina achieved the first place and Habif served as Captain.
Sponsorship.
Gryphon.
Regarding her field hockey equipment, Florencia Habif is sponsored by Gryphon Hockey, along with other field hockey players from around the world, such as Australia, Belgium, Great Britain, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa and United States of America. Gryphon is a player driven company established in 1983 by the Australian field hockey player Peter Haselhurst.
Nike.
Florencia Habif is provided with Nike clothes.

</doc>
<doc id="36590075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590075" title="Daniela Sruoga">
Daniela Sruoga

Daniela Lucía Sruoga is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590076" title="Sofía Maccari">
Sofía Maccari

Sofía Maccari is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590077" title="Mariela Scarone">
Mariela Scarone

Mariela Carla Scarone is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590078" title="Silvina D'Elía">
Silvina D'Elía

María Silvina D'Elía is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590079" title="Josefina Sruoga">
Josefina Sruoga

María Josefina Sruoga is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590080" title="Florencia Mutio">
Florencia Mutio

María Florencia Mutio is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590087" title="Wilbur Bacon Camp">
Wilbur Bacon Camp

Wilbur Bacon Camp (1861–1918) was an architect in Jacksonville, Florida. He came to Jacksonville after the Great Fire of 1901. He designed several Prairie School style residences in the Riverside neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="36590092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590092" title="Kitty van Male">
Kitty van Male

Kitty van Male (born 5 June 1988, Amstelveen) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team in the women's event. On club level she plays for AH&BC.

</doc>
<doc id="36590094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590094" title="Somsara-ye Olya">
Somsara-ye Olya

Somsara-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Somsarā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Somsarā Bālā and Somsarā-ye Bālā) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590099" title="Carlien Dirkse van den Heuvel">
Carlien Dirkse van den Heuvel

Carlien Dirkse van den Heuvel (born 16 April 1987, 's-Hertogenbosch) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team in the women's event. "Fox News" notes her as one of ten LGBT Olympians to medal in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36590100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590100" title="Willemijn Bos">
Willemijn Bos

Willemijn Bos (born 2 May 1988 in Eelde) is a Dutch field hockey player. She was to compete for the Netherlands during the 2012 Summer Olympics but tore her ACL during a friendly against the United States three days before the start of the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590102" title="Kelly Jonker">
Kelly Jonker

Kelly Jonker (born 23 May 1990, Amstelveen) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590104" title="Joyce Sombroek">
Joyce Sombroek

Joyce Sombroek (born 10 September 1990) is the goalkeeper of the field hockey team of the Netherlands. Her international debut was on June 29, 2010 and since that game she played at every tournament. Besides the medals she won with the Dutch team, Sombroek won several individual titles and got picked for the international All Star team in 2010 and 2011. With her clubteam Laren she became vice-champion of the Netherlands in 2010, 2011 and 2012 and European Clubchampion in 2012.
Besides her hockey career Joyce Sombroek studies medicine at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="36590106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590106" title="Margot van Geffen">
Margot van Geffen

Margot van Geffen (born 23 November 1989) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590112" title="Somsara-ye Sofla">
Somsara-ye Sofla

Somsara-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Somsarā-ye Soflá; also known as Somsarā Pā’īn and Somsarā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 206, in 42 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590116" title="High Voltage (1997 film)">
High Voltage (1997 film)

High Voltage is a 1997 direct-to-video action film directed by Isaac Florentine and starring Antonio Sabàto, Jr., Shannon Lee, Amy Smart, George Kee Cheung, Lochlyn Munro, James Lew, William Zabka and Antonio Sabato.
Plot.
A group of close-knit thieves led by Johnny (Antonio Sabàto, Jr), Mollie (Amy Smart) and Larry (Lochlyn Munro). Their latest target is a small bank in Little Saigon, Orange Country, California. Mollie has been working in the bank undercover for months with the bank's manager Jane (Shannon Lee) unaware what she plans to do. On the day of the robbery, Johnny and the rest of the gang burst in forcing everyone on the floor. Johnny orders Jane to open the bank vault. As she opens it, Johnny discovers a large cache of money which is laundered by a Vietnamese mobster named Victor Phan (George Kee Cheung). Instead of taking the money, they escape empty-handed. Victor orders his men to go after the gang and Jane is revealed to be Victor's mistress who is imprisoned by him. She wants to leave Victor but knows he would never let her go. Johnny and his gang manage to survive an attack on them by Victor's men and join forces with Jane who offers them Victor's money if they kill him. On the night Victor is meeting with drug dealers at his nightclub, Johnny and his gang burst in leading to a shootout. They successfully steal his money and Jane escapes with them but Victor survives. They are forced to go the run with Victor and his men after them.

</doc>
<doc id="36590119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590119" title="Robert Chambers (New Zealand judge)">
Robert Chambers (New Zealand judge)

Sir Robert Stanley Chambers (23 August 1953 – 21 May 2013) was a judge of the Supreme Court of New Zealand.
Chambers graduated from the University of Auckland in 1975, earning an LLB (Hons), and earned a doctorate from New College, Oxford in 1978. He was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 1992.
Chambers was appointed to the High Court in 1999 and in January 2004 appointed to the Court of Appeal. In January 2012 Chambers appointed to the Supreme Court and took up the post on 1 February 2012.
On 21 May 2013, Chambers unexpectedly died in his sleep in Wellington. Subsequently, the Governor-General Sir Jerry Mateparae announced that Chambers was to have been appointed a Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2013 Queen's Birthday Honours and that, as royal assent had been given to the appointment before Chambers' death, his knighthood took effect from 20 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36590122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590122" title="Holmstad">
Holmstad

Holmstad is a village in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county, Norway. The village is located along the Eidsfjorden on the island of Langøya, about west of the town of Sortland. Indre Eidsfjord Church is located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="36590124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590124" title="Somsara">
Somsara

Somsara () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36590129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590129" title="Goodooga Airport">
Goodooga Airport

Goodooga Airport is located west of Goodooga, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590130" title="Russell Education Trust">
Russell Education Trust

The Russell Education Trust (RET) is a Multi-Academy free school Trust. It provides educational support services in the creation and operation of free schools. It is a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee, with exempt charity status, regulated by the Department for Education.
The Trust was established in 2010 by the school improvement company Education London, which provides educational support services to Government, as well as individual Local Authorities and schools. 
Both organisations are based in the same office building in Leatherhead, Surrey.
The Russell Education Trust is working with parents, communities, and diocesan authorities to establish the following free schools:
RET established its first two free schools using the Single Academy Trust model. It formed two sub-trusts, the Bristol Free School Trust and the Becket Keys CofE Free School Trust, which each signed free school funding agreements with the Secretary of State. Like RET itself, RET's sub-trusts are exempt charities, regulated by the Department for Education.
For the two schools it opened in 2013 RET used the Multi-Academy Trust model.

</doc>
<doc id="36590132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590132" title="Oleksandr Hvozdyk">
Oleksandr Hvozdyk

Oleksandr Gvozdyk (; born on 15 April 1987 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukrainian amateur boxer who won Light heavyweight Bronze at the 2012 Olympics.
At the 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships(results) he beat two opponents before being edged out by Rene Krause.
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships(results) he beat three fighters before falling to star Egor Mekhontsev (RUS). He qualified for the Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics (results) he won against Belarussian Mikhail Dauhaliavets 18-10, Nicaraguan Osmar Bravo 18-6, Algerian Abdelhafid Benchabla 19-17 and controversisally lost to Kazakh Adilbek Niyazymbetov countback. He won Bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36590133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590133" title="Shurab-e Jahan">
Shurab-e Jahan

Shurab-e Jahan (, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Jahān; also known as Shūrāb and Shūrāb-e Soflá) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590134" title="Bernard W. Close">
Bernard W. Close

Bernard W. Close (1889–1972) was an architect in Jacksonville, Florida. He designed many residences in the Riverside and Avondale neighborhoods.
Close graduated from Cornell University and worked in New York before coming to Jacksonville in 1925 during the Florida Land Boom. He worked for Roy A. Benjamin before establishing his own practice and was president of the Florida Association of Architects from 1930 to 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="36590135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590135" title="American Association for Long Term Care Insurance">
American Association for Long Term Care Insurance

American Association for Long-Term Care Insurance (AALTCI), based in Westlake Village, California, is the national trade organization for the long term care insurance industry in the United States.
Company Background.
The American Association for Long-Term Care Insurance is the national trade organization established to advocate for sound long-term care planning by individuals. Established as a not-for-profit trade group in 1998, the organization conducts and publishes independent research, publishes consumer guides, as well as conducts conducts industry conferences and educational programs for insurance and financial professionals.
Since 2006, AALTCI conducts annual research examining the long term care insurance industry's annual buyer and claimant data which is published in the organization's Long-Term Care Insurance Sourcebook, a compendium of proprietary research along with summarized highlights of nationally recognized studies.
RECENT STUDIED BY THE ASSOCIATION
The Association conducts numerous studies on an annual or bi-annual basis. In February 2014 the organization reported insurers paid $7.5 Billion in long term care insurance claims in 2013 a 13 percent increase. 
In January 2014, the Association's annual Long Term Care Insurance Price Index provides an annual analysis of costs for individuals and couples. 
In December 2013, an AALTCI study revealed ways individuals with health conditions could still health qualify for insurance protection.
In September 2012, AALTCI released findings of a study of younger claimants 
Serving the LTC insurance informational needs of consumers as well as organizations, AALTCI publishes and makes available approximately a dozen consumer guides including the three highly popular guides: "A Woman's Guide To Long Term Care Insurance" - "Guide To Tax Deductible Long Term Care Insurance" - "Ways To Reduce The Cost of Long Term Care Insurance"
In 2001 the American Association for Long-Term Care Insurance established the first Long-Term Care Awareness Week a national consumer awareness campaign which has been expanded into a full month each November.
The Association hosts the national conference for insurance and financial professionals who market LTC insurance. The 11th National Long-Term Care Insurance Summit will take place May 18–20, 2014. The event will be held in Kansas City, MO. This will be the first insurance industry conference offering virtual free streaming of sessions.
In 2002, AALTCI established the national campaign, Long Term Care Insurance is Good for America adopted as the national awareness campaign by Association members and featured as part of national print and broadcast advertisements. The Association has created and published an ongoing series of consumer educational guides in association with Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine.
In 2009 AALTCI announced the formation of a new affiliate, the American Association for Critical Illness Insurance a trade organization focused on critical illness insurance a form of insurance protection that pays a lump sum tax free cash benefit upon diagnosis of cancer, heart attack, or stroke. In 2010, the association announced the formation of a third affiliate, the American Association for Medicare Supplement Insurance a trade organization focused on Medigap insurance a form of insurance protection that supplements coverage provided by Medicare.
The organization was co-founded by Jesse Slome and Barry Fisher in January 1998. At the time, Slome was editor and publisher of Long Term Care Insurance Sales Strategies magazine and president of a marketing consulting firm that served leading insurance companies including Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, Transamerica Corporation and the State of California's Long Term Care Insurance Partnership program. Fisher was president of a regional insurance brokerage agency based in West Hills, CA. Prior to founding the first national not-for-profit trade association exclusively focused on educating consumers regarding long term care risks, Slome held senior positions with leading insurance companies including Transamerica Corporation and Aetna.
Membership.
The American Association for Long-Term Care Insurance is an organization for individuals who are active in the long term care insurance industry. Its membership represents all segments of the health insurance business but the nucleus of the organization has always been agents.
Meetings.
AALTCI sponsors the largest industry conference focused on selling and marketing long term care insurance. The 11th National LTCi Producers Summit will take place at the Westin Hotel, Kansas City. May 18–20, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36590140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590140" title="Ekaterina Ulanova">
Ekaterina Ulanova

Ekaterina Ulanova (née Kabeshova) (; born 1986) is a Russian volleyball player. She competed for the Russia women's national volleyball team in the 2008 and the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also won the gold medal at the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship, playing with Dinamo Kazan.
Personal and early life.
Ulanova is tall , born as Yekaterina Vladimirovna Kabeshova on August 5, 1986 in Ivanovo, Soviet Union. She married the CSKA Moscow football player Ivan Ulanov in 2011.
Career.
In 2010, she joined Dinamo Kazan, winning with this team the Russian Superleague in 2011, 2012 and 2013 and two times the Russian Cup, in 2010 and 2012.
Ulanova won with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan the 2013–14 CEV Champions League held in Baku, Azerbaijan, defeating 3-0 the home owners Rabita Baku in the semifinals and 3-0 to the Turkish VakıfBank İstanbul in the final.
Ulanova won the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship gold medal playing with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan that defeated 3-0 the Brazilian Molico Osasco in the championship match. She was also awarded competition's Best Libero.

</doc>
<doc id="36590143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590143" title="Anna Matienko">
Anna Matienko

Anna Matienko is a Russian volleyball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national volleyball team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590145" title="Svetlana Valentinovna Kryuchkova">
Svetlana Valentinovna Kryuchkova

Svetlana Valentinovna Kryuchkova is a Russian volleyball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national volleyball team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36590150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590150" title="Taqiabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Taqiabad, Torbat-e Jam

Taqiabad (, also Romanized as Taqīābād and Tākīābād) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 575, in 131 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590165" title="Zavader-e Olya">
Zavader-e Olya

Zavader-e Olya (, also Romanized as Zavāder-e ‘Olyā; also known as Zavāder) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590166" title="Sylvia Schmelkes">
Sylvia Schmelkes

Sylvia Schmelkes (born 28 July 1948) is a Mexican sociologist and education researcher. She is best known for her work in intercultural education, and her book 'Toward better quality of our schools'. Schmelkes has also written over 100 academic texts and essays. She is a former General Coordinator of Intercultural and Bilingual Education at the Secretariat of Public Education in Mexico, and is currently heading the Research Institute for the Development of Education at the Iberoamerican University.
In 2008 she received the Comenius Medal from UNESCO for her career as a researcher. Other awards include the Universidad Iberoamericana's Tlamatini award in 2003, and the Maria Lavalle Urbina award in 1998.
Biography.
Schmelkes was born in Mexico City to a Czech father and an Argentinian mother. Educated in bilingual schools, she studied sociology at the Iboeroamerican University in Mexico City and obtained a Master's degree in Education Research by the same institution. After this, Schmelkes worked in the Center for Educational Studies (CEE) in Mexico for almost 25 years, where she dedicated herself to research in the fields of rural and adult education. In 1994 she left the CEE to work as a consultant in the Educational Research Department at the National Polytechnic Institute, as well as for the UNESCO, UNICEF and OECD. 
After this, Schmelkes started working on values education and Intercultural Education, becoming General Coordinator of Intercultural and Bilingual Education at the Secretariat of Public Education under Mexican President Vicente Fox. She currently works as Director of the Institute for the Development of Education at the Iberoamerican University in Mexico City. Schmelkes's work has been published in five languages by institutions such as the Mexican Secretariat of Public Education, UNESCO and the Organization of American States.

</doc>
<doc id="36590179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590179" title="Granny Smith Airport">
Granny Smith Airport

Granny Smith Airport serves Granny Smith Gold Mine, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590184" title="Hunnas Falls">
Hunnas Falls

Hunnas waterfall is located about 22km from Kandy town, Sri Lanka. However this is located in Matale District, Elkaduwa village. There are two roads to reach Hunnas waterfall. One is coming from Matale to Elkaduwa, the other is Wattegama (Kandy) to Elkaduwa. 
This waterfall is 125ft in height and created by a stream from Hunnasgeria peak. Apart from the main fall several streams can be seen during rainy seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36590197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590197" title="Battle of Anadan">
Battle of Anadan

The Battle of Anadan () was a ten-hour-long armed confrontation between the rebels of the Free Syrian Army and soldiers of the Syrian Army that occurred when FSA forces attempted to overrun a large army checkpoint in the area. At the end of the battle, the FSA successfully seized the checkpoint.
Events.
At dusk on 29 July, the Free Syrian Army commander in the area, Lieutenant Rifaat Khali, mobilized 150 fighters to seize control of the Anadan checkpoint, a strategic location linking the city of Aleppo to the south with the Turkish border to the north, which the FSA used as a source for supplies.
The FSA surrounded the checkpoint as night fell and began an assault against the garrisoned troops and besieged them. A force of 50 fighters out of an initial 150 fighters took part at first, using RPGs, machine guns, and assault rifles. The besieged government soldiers called in artillery strikes from batteries based in Aleppo city, which pounded areas surrounding the checkpoint, striking nearby villages where FSA fighters were located, in a last-ditch effort to force the FSA to disengage, but failed to do so. Three hours after the attack began, a loyalist helicopter arrived and circled the area, but had little effect on the battle. The lack of reinforcements for the government soldiers during the whole ten hours led to speculation that the Syrian army was under significant military pressure in other areas of Aleppo.
An FSA operated BMP-2 armoured personnel carrier supported the fighters, as they assaulted the base, firing at least 70 rounds into the checkpoint. After ten hours of fighting, some of the government soldiers were able to break out and flee. At least six of them were killed and 25 others captured. The FSA lost four fighters, and an unknown number were wounded.
Aftermath.
After seizing the checkpoint, the Free Syrian Army retrieved ammunition left behind by the defeated government forces. During the fighting, eight tanks were also captured, seven of which were still operational; the operational ones were intended for use in the Battle of Aleppo. At least some of the captured tanks were deployed northwards to Azaz, where they were used to support an attack on a loyalist-held airbase. The rebels, however, pulled back from their attack on the airbase within a day after failing to capture it.

</doc>
<doc id="36590215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590215" title="Jacinth Ambrosia Airport">
Jacinth Ambrosia Airport

Jacinth Ambrosia Airport serves Jacinth Ambrosia Mine near Ceduna, South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590223" title="Eidsfjorden">
Eidsfjorden

Eidsfjorden may refer to many different fjords in Norway:

</doc>
<doc id="36590231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590231" title="1998 Dallas Burn season">
1998 Dallas Burn season

The 1998 Dallas Burn season was the third season of the Major League Soccer team. The team made the playoffs for the third consecutive year.

</doc>
<doc id="36590245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590245" title="Kambalda Airport">
Kambalda Airport

Kambalda Airport serves St Ives Gold Mine near Kambalda, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590259" title="Mellen Clark Greeley">
Mellen Clark Greeley

Mellen Clark Greeley (14 February 1880 – 1981) was an American architect in Jacksonville, Florida. He was considered to be the "Dean of Jacksonville Architects".
Early life and military service.
Greeley grew up in Jacksonville, but went away to boarding school for high school.
In 1898, Greeley volunteered for the Spanish-American War and was sent to Cuba as part of the 3rd U. S. Volunteer Engineer Regiment. After the war he stayed in the reserves (Florida national Guard) and served again as a lieutenant and then captain in the Quartermaster Corps in France during World War I.
Architect.
Greeley apprenticed for draftsman J. H. W. Hawkins from 1901 to 1908 and opened his own practice in 1909. After his service in World War I, he joined Roy A. Benjamin, and they worked together for five years. He helped establish the Florida Association of Architects in 1912. Greeley was active in political issues and helped establish the Florida Board of Architecture in 1915, serving as its secretary from 1923 to 1955. He also worked with zoning commissions and other regulators on things ranging from electrical codes to the management of hotel commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="36590260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590260" title="Oxyporhamphus micropterus">
Oxyporhamphus micropterus

Oxyporhamphus micropterus is a species of halfbeak found in the tropical oceans. Some sources elevate the two subspecies to species rank.
Species.
There are currently two recognized sub-species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="36590283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590283" title="First Lady of Estonia">
First Lady of Estonia

The First Lady of Estonia is the title given to the wife of the President of Estonia. Estonia's present First Lady is Evelin Ilves, wife of President Toomas Hendrik Ilves.

</doc>
<doc id="36590298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590298" title="Aliabad, Nasrabad">
Aliabad, Nasrabad

Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 640, in 148 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590304" title="Karara Airport">
Karara Airport

Karara Airport is located at Karara, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590308" title="J. H. W. Hawkins">
J. H. W. Hawkins

J.H.W. Hawkins (? - ca. 1920) was a New York architect who moved to Jacksonville, Florida after the city's Great Fire of 1901. He designed homes for Alexander Sabel, J.E. Cohen, Senator J.P. Taliaferro, W.S. Ware, and Samuel B. Hubbard. Hawkins designed the Herkimer Block at 136 East Bay Street in Downtown Jacksonville as well as the original Guaranty Trust & Savings Bank at101 East Bay Street. He also designed the Snyder Memorial Methodist Church at 226 North Laura Street, a Dutch Colonial Revival house at 1662 Stockton Street known as A.V.S. Smith Residence and H.S. Griggs Residence at 2956 Riverside Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="36590314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590314" title="Aliabad, Pain Jam">
Aliabad, Pain Jam

Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 402, in 89 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590325" title="Eidsfjorden (Nordland)">
Eidsfjorden (Nordland)

Eidsfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Bø, Hadsel, and Sortland in Nordland county, Norway. The long fjord cuts into the island of Langøya in the Vesterålen archipelago. It branches off of the main Vesterålsfjorden. The innermost part of the fjord is part of Sortland (it was transferred from Hadsel in 1963). The west coast of the outer part belongs to Bø municipality and the eastern coast of the outer part of the fjord belongs to Hadsel.
There are two churches located along the fjord: Indre Eidsfjord Church and Ytre Eidsfjord Church (meaning "inner" and "outer" Eidsfjord churches).

</doc>
<doc id="36590327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590327" title="David Atkins (actor)">
David Atkins (actor)

David Atkins is an English actor best known for his role as Rob Edwards in the British television soap opera "Hollyoaks", who he has played since 2011. Atkins also appeared in two episodes of "Doctor Who" in 2010.
Career.
Atkins played the role of Liam in "The Street" in 2009. He also appeared as Bob in the 2010 two-part "Doctor Who" episodes Time of Angels and Flesh and Stone. He played Josh in a short film called "Thinking Straight (Previously Known as Girl Talk)". He also appeared in three episodes of "Shameless" as Jimmy.
On 5 September 2011, it was announced that the "Channel 4" soap opera "Hollyoaks" would be introducing five new Freshers, with Atkins was cast as Rob Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="36590332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590332" title="Aghel Kamar">
Aghel Kamar

Aghel Kamar (, also Romanized as Āghel Kamar and Āghol Kamar) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590344" title="Anday">
Anday

Anday (, also Romanized as Andāy) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590349" title="The Scene Magazine">
The Scene Magazine

The Scene Magazine (ISSN/ISBN 1929-9958) is a Canadian digital magazine with focus on local music, arts, and entertainment. The magazine started out in St. John's, Newfoundland in 2011 as "The St. John's Scene". In late 2011, the magazine expanded with a second edition in Charlottetown (PEI) as "PEI Scene" and in early 2012 added a Halifax edition as "Halifax Scene". In July 2012, the local magazines were merged to form The Scene Magazine. The magazine now provides local content for Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Halifax and St. Johns.
"The Scene Magazine" was the official media sponsor for the Salmon Festival, Converge Calgary (celebrating 100 years of the Calgary Stampede), and Lawnyavawnya.
Directors Darrell Shelley and Ashutosh Jha have recently announced expansion in mid-2014 to include the markets of Moncton, Fredericton, Kingston, Hamilton, Calgary, Vancouver, Kitchener-Waterloo, Edmonton proper.

</doc>
<doc id="36590356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590356" title="Lake Cargelligo Airport">
Lake Cargelligo Airport

Lake Cargelligo Airport is located at Lake Cargelligo, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590365" title="Legend FM">
Legend FM

Legend FM is a nationwide commercial English FM radio station in Fiji. It is owned by the Communications Fiji Limited (CFL), company which also owns FM96-Fiji, Viti FM, Radio Navtarang and Radio Sargam. Legend FM is streaming in three frequencies: 98.8FM in Suva, Navua, Nausori, Labasa, Nadi & Lautoka, 99FM in Savusavu, Coral Coast, Ba & Tavua and on 99.4FM in Rakiraki. Legend FM can also be accessed through online with the subscription fee of 70USD for a year.
This station hit the air in 2002. Legend FM plays the hits from the 60’s 70’s, 80’s and 90’s and across the various genres from rock to disco,soul to reggae. The main competitors of Legend FM are Mix FM-Fiji, Gold FM-Fiji and 2day FM-Fiji. 
Legend FM is managed by Charles Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="36590370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590370" title="Guardian Alien">
Guardian Alien

Guardian Alien is a music project started by drummer Greg Fox. There have been many collaborators since the project's inception in 2010, and it currently includes Bernard Gann (guitar), Alex Drewchin (vocals), Turner Williams (shahi baaja), and Eli Winograd (bass).
Background.
Guardian Alien was formed in 2010 by Greg Fox, former drummer of Teeth Mountain, Dan Deacon, the black metal band Liturgy, and others. They played several shows throughout 2010 and 2011 in Brooklyn, New York and released their self-titled debut album exclusively on vinyl during the same year. Their second album, "See the World Given to a One Love Entity" was released on July 24, 2012. It is a 37-minute instrumental one track album. The iTunes version contains a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="36590381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590381" title="Rhynchorhamphus">
Rhynchorhamphus

Rhynchorhamphus is a genus of halfbeaks.
Species.
There are currently four recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="36590394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590394" title="McMullen Museum of Art">
McMullen Museum of Art

McMullen Museum of Art is an art museum associated with Boston College in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. 
The Museum holds an extensive permanent collection, which encompasses contemporary art as well as works dating back to the 19th century. The collection spans the history of art from Europe, Asia and the Americas, and has significant representation of Gothic and Baroque tapestries, Italian paintings of the 16th and 17th centuries, and American paintings of the 19th and early 20th centuries. Well-known artists represented in the Museum include Amedeo Modigliani, Frank Stella, Françoise Gilot, Alexander Ney, and John LaFarge. 
Despite being a university art museum presiding on a college campus, the McMullen Museum of Art organizes multidisciplinary exhibitions that have received national and international recognition. Stephen Kinzer of The New York Times has written that it is in the vanguard of museums creating exhibitions that "reach far beyond traditional art history," providing political, historical, and cultural context for works on view.
Recent significant exhibitions include "Saints and Sinners" (1999), featuring Caravaggio's The Taking of the Christ, which reportedly attracted the largest audience for any university museum exhibition up to that time. "Edvard Munch: Psyche, Symbol, and Expression" (2001) was the largest American exhibition of Munch's work since 1978. A retrospective of the work of Surrealist Roberto Matta (2004), organized by university faculty from the romance languages, art history, and theology departments, was also well received. Most recently, "Pollock Matters" (2007) received much media attention, comprising over 150 paintings, drawings, photographs, and sculptures, exploring the personal and artistic relationship between famed American Abstract Expressionist painter Jackson Pollock and noted Swiss-born photographer and graphic designer Herbert Matter. 
The McMullen Museum of Art reopen for its fall 2012 season with the exhibition "Paul Klee: Philosophical Vision; From Nature to Art". 
The museum, which opened in Devlin Hall in 1993, was officially named The Charles S. and Isabella V. McMullen Museum of Art in 1996 in honor of the parents of the Boston College benefactor, trustee and art collector John J. McMullen.
Portugal, Jesuits, and Japan.
Portugal, Jesuits, and Japan: Spiritual Beliefs and Earthly Goods opened in the McMullen Museum on February 16, 2013. It was curated by Victoria Weston and Alexandra Curvelo, and was underwritten by Boston College, the Patrons of the McMullen Museum, Leslie and Peter Ciampi, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Portugal, the Consulate General of Portugal in Boston, and the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation.
The exhibit focuses on nearly a century of interaction, beginning in 1543, between the Japanese people and the Portuguese, namely traders and Jesuit missionaries. Tracing shifts in the dichotomy of this relationship through the exchange of earthly goods and beliefs, Portugal, Jesuits, And Japan paints a winsome, complex, and devastating portrait of a provincial fascination.

</doc>
<doc id="36590395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590395" title="Victor Earl Mark">
Victor Earl Mark

Victor Earl Mark (1876–1948) was a prominent architect in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36590402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590402" title="Berdu">
Berdu

Berdu (, also Romanized as Berdū and Bardū) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 525, in 131 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590411" title="Hasanabad, Nasrabad">
Hasanabad, Nasrabad

Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Hasānak) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 934, in 227 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590426" title="Khuk Ab">
Khuk Ab

Khuk Ab (, also Romanized as Khūk Āb; also known as Qand Āb) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590444" title="Karizan-e Molla Ahmad">
Karizan-e Molla Ahmad

Karizan-e Molla Ahmad (, also Romanized as Kārīzān-e Mollā Aḩmad; also known as Kārīzān-e Mollā Moḩammad, Kārīzān, and Kārīzūn) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 246, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590462" title="Kariz-e Now, Nasrabad">
Kariz-e Now, Nasrabad

Kariz-e Now (, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Now, Kārīz-i-Nau, and Kārīz Now; also known as Kahrīz-e Now and Kārez-i-Nau) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,126, in 519 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590466" title="Dejan Ivanov">
Dejan Ivanov

Dejan Ivanov (born March 18, 1986) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player for CB Estudiantes of the ACB. He is also a longtime member of the Bulgarian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36590473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590473" title="Kahriz-e Now">
Kahriz-e Now

Kahriz-e Now (, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Now; also known as Jalālieh and Jalālīyeh) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590478" title="Kalateh-ye Aqa Mohammad">
Kalateh-ye Aqa Mohammad

Kalateh-ye Aqa Mohammad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āqā Moḩammad) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590482" title="Kariz Now, Salehabad">
Kariz Now, Salehabad

Kariz Now (, also Romanized as Kārīz Now) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590487" title="Kariz Now-e Sofla">
Kariz Now-e Sofla

Kariz Now-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Kārīz Now-e Soflá; also known as Kārīz Now) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 701, in 148 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590488" title="Tenodera parasinensis">
Tenodera parasinensis

"Tenodera parasinensis" is a species of praying mantis. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590492" title="Momenabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Momenabad, Torbat-e Jam

Momenabad (, also Romanized as Mo’menābād) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,165, in 505 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590500" title="Michele Rushworth">
Michele Rushworth

Michele Rushworth is an American artist noted for her oil-based portrait paintings. She has painted the official portraits of leading figures in government, law, education, medicine and the arts, including nine state gubernatorial portraits as well as private portraits for families. In 2010 she was commissioned to paint the official portrait of Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen and was awarded the commission to paint the official portrait of Admiral Robert J. Papp, Jr.. She has also been commissioned to paint the official portraits of United States Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke and a portrait of the Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force General Norton Schwartz which was unveiled at the Pentagon in early 2013.
Background.
Michele Rushworth has been a professional artist working in watercolor, pastel and oils for over 25 years, painting portraits, landscapes and still lifes. She began concentrating on painting official and family portrait commissions in oils in 2001.
In September 2002 the CBS news morning show The Early Show hosted a segment with Michele Rushworth and Suzanne Oelschlager, widow of New York City firefighter Douglas Oelschlager who died in the attacks of September 11, 2001. During the interview Suzanne Oelschlager told host Jane Clayson that the portrait that Rushworth donated to her family “is something that my entire family is going to cherish forever.”
In 2006 the Seattle Times wrote a feature article about Rushworth and quoted Washington State Capitol Museum Director Derek Valley saying that her portrait of Washington State Governor Gary Locke "captures Governor Locke at his best".
The Las Vegas Weekly in 2006 quoted Teresa Moiola, Director of Marketing and Public Information for the Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs, as saying that Michelle Rushworth “is an exemplary painter, perhaps one of the stellar artists of our country” in a reference to the official portraits Rushworth painted of Nevada Governors Kenny Guinn and Jim Gibbons. 
American Artist Magazine wrote “In the span of seven years Michele Rushworth has gone from having little to no commission work to being one of the most reputable professional portraitists today" and called her “one of the most successful portrait painters in the country today.”
In a 2011 article in Barron’s about portraiture, Rushworth was said to “produce realistic paintings rich with color,” and the article referred to “the clean style of Michele Rushworth.”
Major projects and events.
Portrait of the Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force.
Rushworth’s portrait of former Air Force Chief of Staff General Norton A. Schwartz was unveiled at the Pentagon on January 8th, 2013. He is depicted against a night sky to symbolize his time in Special Operations and is shown next to the Air Force Memorial lighted up at night. Also present at the unveiling event were Secretary of the Air Force Michael B. Donley and Deputy Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce portrait.
The official portrait of Commerce Secretary Gary Locke was unveiled in Washington D.C. on September 13, 2012. Also in attendance at the event were Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood, former Commerce Secretary John Bryson, current acting Secretary of Commerce Rebecca Blank and former Speaker of the House of Representatives Tom Foley.
Wyoming governors’ portrait project.
One of Rushworth’s largest portrait projects consisted of painting five gubernatorial portraits in a project sponsored by the Wyoming State Legislature to fill in the gaps in their collection of paintings of the former Governors of Wyoming. 
In 2008 Rushworth painted portraits of Governors Clifford P. Hansen, James E. Geringer and Michael J. Sullivan.
A year later Rushworth was commissioned to paint the official portraits of Wyoming Governors Bryant Butler Brooks and Lester C. Hunt. The five Wyoming gubernatorial portraits that Rushworth painted were unveiled in ceremonies presided over by then-current Wyoming Governor Dave Freudenthal held in the state capitol building in Cheyenne in 2008 and 2010 and were attended by the former governors themselves, their family members and descendants. The portraits were then exhibited at the Historical Governor’s Mansion in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
United States Coast Guard.
Rushworth’s portrait of United States Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen was unveiled in the Officer’s Club at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. and was displayed at his Change of Command Ceremony on May 25, 2010. The event was attended by 2,000 people including United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and United States Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano. Rushworth has also been commissioned to create the official portrait of current Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Robert J. Papp, Jr..
Seattle Symphony Orchestra.
In 2011 the Seattle Symphony commissioned Rushworth to paint a full length portrait of retiring Music Director and Conductor Gerard Schwarz, to commemorate his 26 years with the orchestra. The portrait was unveiled at Benaroya Hall to honor Schwarz’ illustrious career.
United States District Court.
Rushworth painted the official portraits of United States District Judges Alan Bond Johnson, William F. Downes, and Sam Sparks. Her portrait of Judge Sparks was unveiled on December 2, 2011 in an event held in the Ceremonial Courtroom of the Federal Courthouse in Austin, TX. The ceremony was presided over by Chief Justice the Honorable Samuel Frederick Biery Jr. Several hundred people attended the proceedings, including twelve federal judges and a ceremonial color guard. The event included a pre-recorded videotaped speech by retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="36590509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590509" title="Qaleh Shir">
Qaleh Shir

Qaleh Shir (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Shīr, Qal‘eh-ye Shīr, and Qal‘eh-i-Shīr; also known as Qal‘a-i-Shīr) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,427, in 342 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590512" title="Halcyon (album)">
Halcyon (album)

Halcyon is the second studio album by English recording artist Ellie Goulding, released on 5 October 2012 by Polydor Records. It was recorded between 2011 and 2012, during promotion of her debut album "Lights" (2010). The album sees Goulding working with several producers, including Jim Eliot, Starsmith, Billboard, Justin Parker, MONSTA, Madeon and Mike Spencer, as well as collaborations with artists such as Tinie Tempah and Calvin Harris.
"Halcyon" received generally positive reviews from music critics, who complimented Goulding's more aggressive showcase of her voice, however, less favorable reviews felt that "the main flaw of "Halcyon" is that it occasionally feels a bit too much". The album debuted at number two on the UK Albums Chart, selling 33,425 copies in its first week. In January 2014, it topped the UK Albums Chart and gave Goulding her second number-one album. "Halcyon" also debuted at number nine on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States, while reaching number one in Ireland and New Zealand, the top five in Australia, and the top ten in Canada, Germany and Switzerland.
"Anything Could Happen" was released as the lead single from "Halcyon" on 17 August 2012, peaking at number five on the UK Singles Chart. "Figure 8" was released as the album's second single, peaking at number thirty-three on the UK Singles Chart and number seven on the New Zealand Singles Chart. The album's third single, "Explosions", peaked at number thirteen on the UK chart. To further promote the album, Goulding embarked on a nine-day promotional tour across the United Kingdom. The Halcyon Days Tour was unveiled along with North American dates, beginning in Miami Beach, Florida. On 26 August 2013, the album was re-released as an expanded version titled "Halcyon Days".
Background.
After signing a recording deal with Polydor Records in July 2009, Goulding's debut album, "Lights", was released in February 2010 to generally positive reviews from music critics. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, and has since sold 740,723 copies in the United Kingdom and 1.6 million copies worldwide. In February 2011, Goulding told the "Daily Star" that she had plans to release a follow-up to "Lights" sometime in 2011, commenting, "I'm not going to go away for ages. It'll be out this year or the start of next." In April 2012, Goulding stated that she hoped the album would be released in October 2012.
The majority of the tracks on "Halcyon" were recorded with producer Jim Eliot of Kish Mauve (also known for his work with Kylie Minogue and Ladyhawke) in a converted barn near Lyonshall, Herefordshire, the village where Goulding grew up. Recording sessions for the album also took place at Studio Splendido in Wales; AIR Studios, The Ballroom, EMI Studios, Fly Eye Studio, Starsmith HQ and Strongroom Studios in London; Red Rhino Studios and Troublemakers Studio in Montreal; and Biffco Studios in Brighton. In an interview with Carson Daly on his 97.1 AMP Radio show on 6 August 2012, Goulding explained the inspiration behind the album's title, saying, "["Halcyon" is] like a bird that basically during the winter, it would lay its eggs by the sea and bring calm to the stormy waters and a lot of my songs on this record are about the ocean and water." She also unveiled two songs from the album—"Only You" and the title track "Halcyon".
Composition.
In March 2011, when asked about the album's musical direction in an interview with gossip website Dean Piper's World, Goulding stated, "It's started to sound very dark and very weird. This album is going to be even more emotional [...] I wanted to make it so there is hope. I want to make an effect whether it's happy or sad." Goulding added, "This album for me is a journey from dark into light from confusion to understanding [...] I didn't set out to write a break-up record but I think it became one." In an interview with MTV News on 29 August 2012, Goulding elaborated on the sound of the album, saying, "I've moved on quite a bit since the first album, because I've discovered so much; I've learned a lot more and I've grown up a lot more. I've gained more influences and different influences and people have influenced it; I suppose just circumstances. It's a bit more tribal and anthemic; a bit more piano and vocal than anything. The last album was very electronic, but it was tied in with my voice; this one, to me, is way more of a pop record." Goulding revealed to "The Sun" that her former relationship with BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James provided inspiration for the album, stating, "The last record I felt like I was singing about stuff like that and I thought it was really sincere but I listen back and I think, God that was really naive, that was nothing. This time it's the real deal. There's stuff about Greg. I played it to him because I felt that was better then him hearing it randomly somewhere."
The album's opening track, "Don't Say a Word", was described as "gorgeously electronic" while "morphing through synthscapes". "My Blood" was written and produced by Goulding and Eliot and was described as echoing the vocals of Adele. "Anything Could Happen" is an electro ballad written and produced by Goudling and Eliot, containing "spurting synths and a sky-kissing chorus". The fourth track "Only You" was referred to as "somewhere in between, thunderous and electrifying but bereft of the kind of earworms that would make it compulsively replayable". The title track "Halcyon" was co-written and co-produced by Goulding and is an electronic song. The seventh track "JOY" was co-written by Goulding and was described as a "string-laden affair that showcases her helium-powered pipes". The next song, a cover version of American artist Active Child's 2011 song "Hanging On", contains dubstep, downtempo and dream pop influences. "Explosions" starts with a choir and ambient drums; after the chorus, the piano drops and the production surges to a roar. The tenth song on the album, "I Know You Care", was co-written by Goulding and Justin Parker. Lyrically the song speaks of "her trying to convince someone—us, her lover, herself—that they have something worth salvaging". "Atlantis" is lyrically "a quintessential break-up song, balancing moving on, with the helplessness of love and love lost". "Dead in the Water" is the final song on the album, besides the bonus track "I Need Your Love", a collaboration with Scottish musician Calvin Harris.
Release and promotion.
Goulding previewed the album with the release of a cover version of the Active Child song "Hanging On", which features Tinie Tempah, as a free download on her SoundCloud page on 10 July 2012. On 3 August 2012, Goulding released a trailer on YouTube containing snippets of tracks from the album, including "Anything Could Happen". Goulding appeared on Fearne Cotton's BBC Radio 1 show on 9 August for the premiere of "Anything Could Happen". A video for the song "I Know You Care" was released online on 24 September 2012, containing footage from the 2012 drama film "Now Is Good", which features the song. The song was released digitally on 20 September 2013 in support of Save the Children's #song4syria campaign, serving as the soundtrack to a film dedicated to the children of Syria by director Beeban Kidron. A ninety-second music video for "Only You" was exclusively filmed for online fashion retailer ASOS as part of their #BestNightEver holiday campaign, and was officially released on 5 November 2012.
In conjunction with British music retailer HMV, fans had the chance to vote for Goulding to perform live and sign copies of "Halcyon" at their local store on the day of the album's UK release on 8 October 2012; it was announced on 20 September that the event would take place at Manchester's Market Street store. Goulding played two London shows prior to the release of "Halcyon"—the first on 26 September as part of the iTunes Festival at the Roundhouse, which was streamed live via an iTunes application, and the second on 5 October as part of the Q Awards 2012 gigs series at Camden Town's Jazz Café. Goulding also played three intimate shows in North America during the release week of "Halcyon"—at New York City's Santos Party House on 11 October 2012, at Toronto's Sound Academy on 14 October and at Los Angeles' The Troubadour on 16 October.
Goulding performed "Anything Could Happen" on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" on 10 October 2012, on "Today" on 11 October, on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and "Conan" on 17 October, on "Top of the Pops" on 31 December, on "Good Morning America" on 22 January 2013, and on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on 12 February. She performed "My Blood" on "Later... with Jools Holland" on 16 November 2012. On 30 December, Goulding appeared on the British chat show "Sunday Brunch" to perform "Figure 8". She performed "Explosions" on the British television programme "This Morning" on 22 February 2013. On 14 December 2013, Goulding performed "Anything Could Happen" on "The X Factor" UK final with finalist Luke Friend.
"Hanging On" was used in The CW shows "Gossip Girl" and "Nikita", while the song's Living Phantoms remix was featured in a trailer for the 2013 PlayStation 3 video game "". "Dead in the Water" was featured on the fifteenth episode of the ninth season of the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy" on 14 February 2013. The track "Stay Awake", produced by French producer Madeon, was released exclusively on Beatport on 24 March 2013. On 15 April 2013, an exclusive album containing remixes of tracks from "Halcyon" was released by Nike for free streaming and download to coincide with the Nike Women Half Marathon that Goulding would be partaking in, which took place in Washington, D.C. on 28 April 2013.
Singles.
In late July 2012, Goulding announced on Facebook that the album's lead single would be "Anything Could Happen", asking fans to contribute to a lyric video for the single by submitting photos related to the song's lyrics via Instagram. The lyric video premiered on YouTube on 9 August 2012, and was followed by the release of the single via all digital retailers on 17 August. "Anything Could Happen" reached number five on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Goulding's third top five hit in the UK. The single charted moderately worldwide, reaching the top twenty in Australia, Ireland and New Zealand, and the top forty in Belgium and Canada.
"Figure 8" was released as the album's second single on 13 December 2012, peaking at number thirty-three on the UK Singles Chart. The song was more commercially successful in New Zealand and Finland, where it reached numbers seven and eight, respectively.
"Explosions" was released on iTunes Ireland on 3 August 2012 and on iTunes UK on 1 October 2012, but was removed shortly thereafter on both occasions. In late January 2013, it was announced that the song would be released as the album's third single. "Explosions" reached number thirteen on the UK chart.
Tour.
On 7 December 2012, Goulding embarked on a nine-date promotional tour across the United Kingdom, which kicked off in Bristol and ended in Southampton on 18 December. The tour's official name, The Halcyon Days Tour, was unveiled on 22 October 2012 along with North American dates, beginning in Miami Beach, Florida on 16 January 2013. Additional European dates followed on 15 November 2012. Opening acts include Yasmin and Sons & Lovers for the UK, St. Lucia for North America, and Charli XCX for Europe. On 20 February 2013, Goulding was announced as the support act on select North American dates of Bruno Mars's The Moonshine Jungle Tour from July to August 2013.
An additional ten UK dates were announced in June 2013, starting at O2 Academy Sheffield on 3 October 2013 and ending at O2 Apollo Manchester on 18 October. Following Goulding's sold-out October tour, it was announced on 27 August 2013 that she would headline her first UK arena tour in early March 2014, with shows at Capital FM Arena Nottingham, Echo Arena Liverpool and London's O2 Arena. She also toured Europe in promotion of "Halcyon Days" in January and February 2014, visiting countries such as Germany, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Poland, France and the Netherlands. On 18 November 2013, a North American tour was announced for spring, which kicked off at Madison Square Garden in New York City on 12 March 2014 and ended at the Kool Haus in Toronto on 9 May. The Oceanian leg of the tour ran from 28 May to 11 June 2014, visiting five cities in Australia and three in New Zealand.
Critical reception.
"Halcyon" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 69, based on 17 reviews. "The Daily Telegraph"s Neil McComick wrote that Goulding's voice is "really something special", concluding, "s luxuriously epic as Enya yet with the kind of dynamism of Florence + the Machine, Goulding's poetically opaque lyrics gain real dramatic weight. On a big, bold album, Goulding gives the expression 'singing like a bird' a whole new dimension." Melissa Maerz of "Entertainment Weekly" commented that the album has "harp solos, digitally tweaked cyborg harmonies, and at least one tribute to bodily fluids ('My Blood'). But they're anchored by giant, disco-ball hooks and the type of dance beats you might find on a "NOW That's What I Call Music!" comp." Mikael Wood of the "Los Angeles Times" remarked that on "Halcyon", Goulding "marries thoughtful ruminations on young love to whooshing synth riffs and hard-edged machine beats; the album claims electronic dance music as the natural province of sensitive singer-songwriters." Michael Cragg of "The Fly" referred to the album as "a bold and confident step forward".
AllMusic editor Matt Collar stated that Goulding "dresses up her powerful lark of a voice with a delicately laced veil of digital effects." He continued, "An ambitious work by an artist intent on developing her total sound, "Halcyon" finds Goulding poised at the edge of artistic and career possibilities." In a review for "Rolling Stone", Will Hermes expressed, "If the songwriting doesn't quite measure up to U.K. art-pop divas like Kate Bush, the hooks always go to town, and her voice—Dolly Parton-dazzling in the upper register—mates gorgeously with electronics". PopMatters' Geoff Nelson concluded, "On "Halcyon" Goulding amplifies her music genealogy, both who she is and who she's been, in what is an often successful attempt to transition to iconic stardom [...] The outcome is a bit flawed and a very loud version of her biggest and smallest self." "USA Today"s Jerry Shriver viewed that on "Halcyon", Goulding "presents an edgier, more aggressive showcase for her swooping, stratosphere-piercing vibrato", while noting that "er tone, balanced between girlish and womanly, is appealing, as is her clear intent to be an Artist. One wishes, however, she'd frolic in the heather now and then for contrast." Despite calling the album a "well-crafted, stylish piece of work", Andy Gill of "The Independent" felt that "it's hard to love songs that try to hide." "The Guardian"s Rebecca Nicholson opined that the album "isn't nearly as wet as its predecessor", but added that "the main flaw of "Halcyon" is that it occasionally feels a bit too much—and that's something Goulding, perennially painted as the timid type, may not be so sad about." Hayley Avron of the "NME" critiqued, "Mainly, "Halcyon" sees Goulding's quirky-as-usual vocals lazily spliced into factory-standard chart dance. On 'Joy' and 'I Know You Care' her artistry is briefly allowed to breathe, away from the desperate bombast of the suffocating backing tracks."
"Halcyon" received mixed reviews from Swedish music critics. At the website Kritiker, which assigns a normalised rating out of 5.0 to reviews from mainstream critics across Sweden, the album received an average score of 2.6, based on seven reviews. Peter Lindholm of "Metro" gave the album three out of five and compared it to Florence and the Machine and Adele, while noting that the album contains "bombastic electropop and orchestral ballads". Mattias Dahlström of "Dagens Nyheter", rating the album two out of five, praised Goulding's vocals and observed "more complex arrangements", but dismissed the album's music as "anonymous radiopop".
Commercial performance.
"Halcyon" debuted at number two on the UK Albums Chart and at number one on the UK Download Albums Chart, selling 33,425 copies in its first week—10.3% less than the opening figure for "Lights". The following week, it fell to number seven on sales of 11,082 copies. Following the "Halcyon Days" re-release in August 2013, the album jumped from number twenty-six to number three on sales of 15,883 units, achieving its then-highest chart placing since its debut. On 5 January 2014, in its sixty-fifth week on the chart, "Halcyon" climbed from number six to number one on the UK Albums Chart with 37,507 copies sold, becoming Goulding's second number-one album in the UK. It spent a second consecutive week at number one, selling 26,456 copies copies. The following week, the album sold 24,831 copies and fell to number two, before returning to the top spot for a third non-consecutive with sales of 20,928 copies. By July 2014, the album had sold 902,000 copies in the UK.
The album debuted at number eight on the Irish Albums Chart. The "Halcyon Days" reissue propelled the album to number seven on the Irish chart for the week ending 29 August 2013, before rising yet again to number four on 19 December. The album eventually topped the Irish Albums Chart for the week ending 2 January 2014, more than a year after its original release and over four months after the re-release. In the United States, the album debuted at number nine on the "Billboard" 200 with 34,000 copies sold in its opening week. In Australia, "Halcyon" debuted on the ARIA Albums Chart at number sixteen. Following the "Halcyon Days" reissue, the album re-entered the Australian chart at number twelve in September 2013, ultimately peaking at number four in June 2014. The album debuted at number three on the New Zealand chart in October 2012, before reaching the top position in June 2014 when re-released as "Halcyon Days". Elsewhere, "Halcyon" reached the top ten in Canada, Germany, Greece and Switzerland; the top fifteen in Belgium and Norway; and the top twenty-five in Austria and Sweden.
Track listing.
Deluxe edition.
The UK special edition includes:
Premium bundle includes:
Standard bundle includes:
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the UK deluxe edition of "Halcyon".

</doc>
<doc id="36590532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590532" title="Sibak-e Sofla">
Sibak-e Sofla

Sibak-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Sībak-e Soflá; also known as Sībak-e S̄āles̄ and Sībak) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590536" title="California Historical Landmarks in Inyo County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Inyo County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in Inyo County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36590537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590537" title="Sibak">
Sibak

Sibak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36590544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590544" title="Samakhun">
Samakhun

Samakhun (, also Romanized as Samākhūn; also known as Samākhon and Sīmākhūn) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,016, in 221 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590554" title="Somaqcheh">
Somaqcheh

Somaqcheh (, also Romanized as Somāqcheh; also known as Sāqcheh) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590556" title="Cry Wolf (novel)">
Cry Wolf (novel)

Cry Wolf is a novel by Wilbur Smith set during the 1935 Italian invasion of Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="36590564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590564" title="Bambili-Dingila Airport">
Bambili-Dingila Airport

Bambili-Dingila Airport is an airport serving Bambili-Dingila, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36590567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590567" title="Shurab-e Olya, Torbat-e Jam">
Shurab-e Olya, Torbat-e Jam

Shurab-e Olya (, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shūrāb and Shūrāb-e Bālā) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590588" title="Sortlandssundet">
Sortlandssundet

Sortlandssundet is a strait or sound in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county, Norway. It separates the islands of Langøya and Hinnøya and it connects to the Hadselfjorden in the south and the Gavlfjorden in the north. The Sortland Bridge is the only bridge that crosses the long strait.

</doc>
<doc id="36590600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590600" title="Ahianu">
Ahianu

Ahianu (, also Romanized as Āḥīānū) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 176, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590605" title="Ahmadabad-e Banakdar">
Ahmadabad-e Banakdar

Ahmadabad-e Banakdar (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Banaḵdār; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590607" title="Alabama Crimson Tide women's soccer">
Alabama Crimson Tide women's soccer

The Alabama Crimson Tide Women's Soccer Team is an intercollegiate varsity team representing the University of Alabama. The Alabama Crimson Tide competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Home games are played at the Alabama Soccer Complex on the University of Alabama campus. The current head coach is Todd Bramble, who has been coaching the Crimson Tide since 2008.
History.
The inaugural season for women's soccer at the University of Alabama was in 1986, with Janko Emedi being the program's first coach. In the program's second year of existence with Coach Emedi, a winning record of 9-4-1 was achieved. Soccer at the University became absent between the years of 1989 and 1993, until Don Staley was hired as head coach in 1994 to re-establish a soccer program at the University of Alabama. The University of Alabama Soccer Field hosted its first soccer match on October 2, 1994, against Furman University. In 2004, the team moved to the new Alabama Soccer Complex. The Crimson Tide welcomed a new coach in 2008, when Todd Bramble was hired.
Coaching staff.
The head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide Women's Soccer team is Todd Bramble. The assistant coaches are Tatum Clowney and Jason Lowe. Coach Bramble had played collegiate soccer as a student-athlete at Mercer University, and played professionally with the Memphis Rogues team of the NPSL. He gained coaching experience at Brown University, Butler University and Clemson University.
Home Stadium.
The Alabama Soccer Stadium was built in 2008. The stadium features a high-definition scoreboard that was transferred from Bryant-Denny Stadium. Unique among collegiate soccer stadiums, the large-sized scoreboard at the Alabama Soccer Stadium provides graphics for player introductions, game replays, and customized videos. Its seating capacity is 1,500.

</doc>
<doc id="36590614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590614" title="Allahabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Allahabad, Torbat-e Jam

Allahabad (, also Romanized as Allāhābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 423, in 89 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590630" title="Eslamabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Eslamabad, Torbat-e Jam

Eslamabad (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Chahār Man Nīm) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 544, in 126 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590637" title="Esmail Khan">
Esmail Khan

Esmail Khan (, also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Khān; also known as Esmāʿīlābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 539, in 113 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590646" title="One Woman's Journey Tour">
One Woman's Journey Tour

One Woman's Journey Tour was the eighth concert tour by Australian singer Olivia Newton-John. It promotes her seventeenth studio album, "Back with a Heart". The tour was announced after the success of the Greatest Hits Tour, and had 30 dates across the United States.
Background.
The song "The Long and Winding Road" was performed as a tribute to Linda McCartney (her husband, Paul, originally wrote the song for The Beatles), which died of breast cancer in 1998. The songs "The Flower That Shattered the Stone" and "(They Long to Be) Close to You", are respectively tributes to the Columbine High School massacre victims and Olivia's deceased personal friend, Karen Carpenter (the song was made famous by the duo Carpenters).
The tour band was the same formed for the John Farnham tour shows (Newton-John performed with Farnham on their The Main Event Tour). Newton-John also talked about her battle against the breast cancer during the 1990s, which originated the names of this tour and her sixteenth studio album, "".
Critical response.
The One Woman's Journey Tour received generally positive feedback from critics. Lisa Jann from "The Seattle Times" wrote: "Sticking with signature songs and old favorites, the Aussie princess of '70s pop and "Grease" icon surprised with a fun song list that spanned the entirety of her career, her ever-pleasant charisma, and her sweet voice, which sounded as fresh as ever". Kevin C. Johnson from "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" commented that "[...] One of the better nostalgia tours to catch this summer is Olivia Newton-John's low-profile trek, which drew a crowd of respectable size to Riverport Amphitheatre on Saturday night". "The Kansas City Star" published a mixed review, writing: "The singer has taken her knocks, some of them well-deserved, for bland interpretations of some mindless pop melodies. If white bread could sing, the classic put-down goes, it would sound like Olivia Newton-John". Thomas Kintner from "Hartford Courant" stated that: " most important to the two-hour, 27-song show was that none of it seemed dated, not its hardly-looking-50 star, not her still-clarion voice, and not its songs". John Curran from "The Press of Atlantic City" wrote: "In fact, 'nice' might be the only word to accurately describle Newton-John's two-hour performance Thursday night as she opened a two-night stand at Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort. It was wholesome, it was earnest, it was nostalgic, it was inspirational, it was sugar-sweet".
Broadcasts and recordings.
The concerts audio of August 26 and 27, 1999, at Trump Taj Mahal, was recorded for a commercial release. "One Woman's Live Journey" is Newton-John third live album and was released in 2000, on CD and DVD-Audio. The album only charted in the Newton-John native country, Australia. The tourbook, titled as "Olivia: One Woman's Journey" features several pictures of Newton-John across the years, with personal comments by herself.
Tour dates.
a This concert was a part of the California Mid-States Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="36590652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590652" title="Out of the Tunnel">
Out of the Tunnel

Out of the Tunnel is the second studio album by American art punk band MX-80 Sound. It was released on March 7, 1980, through record label Ralph.
Release.
Despite never being individually issued on CD, "Out of the Tunnel" can be found in its entirety paired with "Crowd Control" on the band's "Out of Control" compilation album, released in 1994.
Critical reception.
Ned Raggett of AllMusic gave the album four and a half out of five stars, writing, "Poppy but not power pop, aggro-metal without indulging in the wank fantasies prone to that style, deadpan and humorous without being a put-on, MX-80 just plain shone here, with only the slightly murky mix preventing "Out of the Tunnel" from achieving perfection." Another positive review came from "Trouser Press", who regarded the album as the MX-80's high point and claimed that their "formula of convoluted, breakneck melodies, cross-fed musical genres and Anderson's white-hot soloing nears critical mass."

</doc>
<doc id="36590653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590653" title="Esmailabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Esmailabad, Torbat-e Jam

Esmailabad (, also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 450, in 89 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590655" title="Coup of Cao Mao">
Coup of Cao Mao

The coup of Cao Mao was a coup d'etat that occurred in 260 in Luoyang, the capital of the state of Cao Wei, during the Three Kingdoms period. Cao Mao, the nominal emperor of Wei, attempted to launch a coup to oust the regent Sima Zhao, who effectively controlled the Wei government. However, the coup concluded with Cao Mao's death and Sima Zhao retaining his status. Contrary to its intention, the coup actually increased the Sima clan's power and influence in Wei, thus providing a foundation for the eventual usurpation of the Wei throne in 265 by Sima Zhao's son Sima Yan, who founded the Western Jin Dynasty.
The coup is also mentioned in the historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" by Luo Guanzhong, which dramatises the history of the late Eastern Han Dynasty and the Three Kingdoms period. The events of the coup described in the novel are largely similar to that described in historical sources.
Background.
The state of Cao Wei was established in 220 by Cao Pi, which marked the start of the Three Kingdoms period in China. The authority of the Wei imperial family had been weakening since the death of the second Wei emperor, Cao Rui, and reached a nadir after the Incident at Gaoping Tombs in 249, when the Wei general Sima Yi seized power from the regent Cao Shuang. Sima Yi died in 251 and was succeeded by his sons Sima Shi and Sima Zhao, who effectively controlled the Wei government.
In 254, Sima Shi deposed the third Wei ruler Cao Fang and installed a 13-year-old Cao Mao on the throne. From the start of his reign, Cao Mao acted in defiance of the Simas, refusing to accept the imperial seal directly from Sima Shi, and, after Sima Shi's death in 255, he attempted to order Sima Zhao to remain in Xuchang to keep watch over Shouchun (present-day Shou County, Anhui), where a rebellion led by Guanqiu Jian and Wen Qin had just been suppressed. However, Sima Zhao ignored Cao Mao's edict and returned to the capital Luoyang. While Sima Zhao administered state affairs, Cao Mao attempted to gain the favour of the literati in the court through unremarkable meetings to discuss literature with some officials - Sima Zhao's cousin Sima Wang, Wang Shen (王沈), Pei Xiu, and Zhong Hui. Cao Mao also provided Sima Wang with a chariot and five imperial guardsmen as escorts because the latter lived further away from the palace than the others.
In 258, Sima Zhao incited his supporters to force Cao Mao to publicly offer him the nine bestowments, which he ostensibly refused as a showcase of his "humility". A year later, Cao Mao received sightings of yellow dragons in two wells, and he wrote a poem identifying the dragons as being trapped inside wells and likened himself to the dragons. With his suspicions aroused, Sima Zhao forced Cao Mao to offer him the nine bestowments but he declined again. Cao Mao perceived this as a sign to act immediately for his clan to regain control of the Wei government.
The coup.
In 260, when he was 19, Cao Mao gathered his associates Wang Shen, Wang Jing and Wang Ye, as well as 300 soldiers, declaring his intention to make a last-ditch attempt to overthrow Sima Zhao, even at the cost of his life. He remarked, "Every person on the street knows what is in Sima Zhao's mind" (司馬昭之心，路人皆知), and this quote later became a famous saying used to describe a situation where a person's intention or ambition is rather obvious.
Wang Jing advised the emperor against such action, but Cao Mao ignored Wang's advice and informed Empress Dowager Guo of his plan. In his absence, Wang Shen and Wang Ye secretly deserted Cao Mao and notified Sima Zhao about the plot, leaving only Wang Jing to support the young emperor.
Cao Mao then led his forces to Sima Zhao's residence, where Sima Zhao's younger brother Sima Zhou attempted to put up resistance, but gave up when the Cao Mao's attendants scolded them for defying the emperor. Sima Zhao's aide Jia Chong showed up and intercepted Cao Mao's forces but his men did not dare to attack the emperor. When Cheng Ji (成濟), a military officer under Jia Chong, asked Jia what to do, Jia told him to defend the Sima clan regardless of the consequences. Cheng Ji then approached Cao Mao and killed the emperor with his spear.
Aftermath.
After Cao Mao's death, the public called for Jia Chong's execution on the grounds that he had committed regicide. Sima Zhao forced Empress Dowager Guo to posthumously demote Cao Mao to the status of a commoner, and then ordered Wang Jing and his clan to be executed. The following day, after pleas from his uncle Sima Fu, Sima Zhao asked Empress Dowager Guo to posthumously instate Cao Mao as the "Duke of Gaogui" (高貴鄉公) and he arranged a funeral for Cao Mao, with the ceremonies befitting that of a prince. Cao Huang (later renamed to Cao Huan), the Duke of Changdao (常道鄉公), was chosen to succeed Cao Mao and was installed on the throne. 19 days later, Sima Zhao had Cheng Ji and his family executed to appease public anger but Jia Chong was spared.
Sima Zhao successfully retained his power during the coup and eliminated his opponents in the Wei court, leaving only the young Cao Huan as a puppet emperor under his control. He did not take the Wei throne, even until his death, but was granted the title of a vassal king - "King of Jin" (晉王) - and the nine bestowments by Cao Huan in 264. Sima Zhao died in 265 and was succeeded by his son Sima Yan, who forced Cao Huan to abdicate in his favour and established the Western Jin Dynasty.
Modern references.
In the seventh instalment of Koei's "Dynasty Warriors" video game series, a stage is dedicated to the initial coup d'etat against Sima Zhao, where it is called "Wei's Emperor's Last Stand"; the other two are mentioned in the narration.

</doc>
<doc id="36590660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590660" title="Esmailabad-e Gorji">
Esmailabad-e Gorji

Esmailabad-e Gorji (, also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād-e Gorjī; also known as Esmā‘īlābād-e Kalālī and Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 776, in 188 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590666" title="Canada national netball team">
Canada national netball team

The Canadian national netball team is the national netball team of Canada. As of 21 July 2012, Canada were 21st in the IFNA World Rankings, having recently moved up 4 positions. The team participates in the Netball World Championships, its best result came in 1991 when they came 6th. Canada's first netball win was in the Manchester 2002 Commonwealth Games when they beat Sri Lanka 52–49. The current Team Canada members are below.
The team recently came 5th in the 2012 AFNA Tournament in Trinidad and Tobago. 

</doc>
<doc id="36590682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590682" title="2012 AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic">
2012 AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic

The 2012 AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic is an annual curling bonspiel that was held from September 13 to 16 at the Brockville Country Club in Brockville, Ontario as part of the 2012–13 World Curling Tour. The winning team of John Epping took home the purse for the men's of CAD$40,700 and Tracy Horgan took home CAD$16,400, after winning the women's event.
Men.
Results.
"All times local (Eastern Time Zone)"
Draw 1.
"September 13, 4:00 PM"
Draw 2.
"September 13, 6:30 PM"
Draw 3.
"September 13, 9:30 PM"
Draw 4.
"September 14, 8:00 AM"
Draw 5.
"September 14, 10:15 AM"
Draw 6.
"September 14, 1:00 PM"
Draw 7.
"September 14, 3:15 PM"
Draw 8.
"September 14, 6:00 PM"
Draw 9.
"September 14, 8:30 PM"
Draw 10.
"September 15, 8:00 AM"
Draw 11.
"September 15, 10:15 AM"
Draw 12.
"September 15, 1:00 PM"
Draw 13.
"September 15, 3:15 PM"
Draw 14.
"September 15, 6:00 PM"
Draw 15.
"September 15, 8:30 PM"
Playoffs.
Quarterfinal.
"September 16, 9:00 AM"
Semifinal.
"September 16, 12:30 PM"
Final.
"September 16, 3:30 PM"
Results.
Draw 1.
"September 13, 4:00 PM"
Draw 3.
"September 13, 9:30 PM"
Draw 5.
"September 14, 10:15 AM"
Draw 6.
"September 14, 1:00 PM"
Draw 8.
"September 14, 6:00 PM"
Draw 9.
"September 14, 8:30 PM"
Draw 10.
"September 15, 8:00 AM"
Draw 11.
"September 15, 10:15 AM"
Draw 13.
"September 15, 3:15 PM"
Draw 14.
"September 15, 6:00 PM"
Playoffs.
Semifinal.
"September 16, 12:30 PM"
Final.
"September 16, 3:30 PM"

</doc>
<doc id="36590701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590701" title="Patti Miller">
Patti Miller

Patti Miller (born 1954), an Australian writer, was born and grew up near Wellington, New South Wales, Australia. She holds a BA (Communications) and an MA (Writing) from the University of Technology, Sydney (UTS). She is the author of six books and numerous articles and essays published in national newspapers and literary magazines. She has taught literature and writing at UTS, University of Western Sydney, Sydney Writers’ Centre and other writers’ centres and is the founder and director of its Life Stories Workshop, which aims to develop and support memoir writing.

</doc>
<doc id="36590718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590718" title="Tenodera fasciata">
Tenodera fasciata

"Tenodera fasciata" is a species of mantis in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae.
Range.
Indonesia, Philippines.
Subspecies.
There are two subspecies in the species "Tenodera fasciata".
Tenodera fasciata fasciata (Olivier, 1792).
"Tenodera fasciata fasciata" is a subspecies in the species "Tenodera fasciata" of the genus "Tenodera".
Synonyms:
Tenodera fasciata blanchardi (Giglio-Tos, 1912).
"Tenodera fasciata blanchardi" is a subspecies in the species "Tenodera fasciata" of the genus "Tenodera".

</doc>
<doc id="36590732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590732" title="Viti FM">
Viti FM

Viti FM is an iTaukei (Fijian) language - commercial radio station in Fiji. The station broadcasts on the 92frequency to the cities of Suva, Navua, Nausori, Labasa, Savusavu, Nadi, Denarau, Mamanuca and Lautoka. The station also broadcasts on the 92 frequency to the towns of Coral Coast and Ba. The station broadcasts on 92 megahertz to the town of Tavua, and on 103 megahertz to Rakiraki and Nabouwalu. 
It is operated by Communications Fiji Ltd, the company which also owns Radio Navtarang, Radio Sargam, Legend FM, and FM96-Fiji in Fiji.
Viti FM was launched in 1996. The rival stations of Viti FM are Fiji Broadcasting Corporation owned Bula FM and Radio Fiji One. 
The station is managed by Malakai Veisamasama.

</doc>
<doc id="36590735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590735" title="Carts (film)">
Carts (film)

Carts (2007), directed by Chris Cashman, premiered at The Valley Film Festival, where it won the "10 Degrees Hotter" Award for Best Feature Film.
Cast.
• Douglas Spain... Roberto
• Ted Lange... Ted
• Fernanda Romero... Maria
• Bradford Anderson... Ed
• Marshall Manesh... Fab
• Martin Klebba... Joe
• Mo Collins... Hilda
• Warren Stevens... Fred Tait
• Dennis Hayden... Ted
• Paul H. Kim... Mike
• Sam Sarpong... Conrad
• Douglas Tait... Hubertus
Plot.
A group of misfit shopping cart attendants deal with another day at their dead end jobs.
Production.
Writer/director Cashman and his wife financed "Carts" on their credit cards. It was filmed on a JVC GY-HD100U Pro HD camcorder. It was filmed in a parking lot in Burbank, California over 15 days.
Critical response.
Film Threat scored it 3.5/5, calling it "a good start" for director Cashman.

</doc>
<doc id="36590739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590739" title="Marco Antonio Franciotti">
Marco Antonio Franciotti

Marco Antonio Franciotti (1592 - 8 February 1666) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Bishop of Lucca.
Early life.
Franciotti was born in 1592 in Lucca, Tuscany, the son of Curzio Franciotti.
He was educated at the University of Bologna where he studied law. Thereafter, he went to Rome and became a papal prelate and was employed by Giambattista Spada. He was appointed Protonotary apostolic participantium in 1619.
In 1622, Franciotti was made Governor of Faenza and then Fabriano and general auditor of the Apostolic Chamber the following year. He was promoted to cleric of the Apostolic Chamber in 1626 and was named "Prefect of the Annona" in 1627 (a honorific title maintained by the church in the same vein as that of "Praefectus annonae" in Ancient Rome). He was promoted again to Auditor General of the Apostolic Chamber and held the position for 8 years; between 1629 and 1637.
Cardinilate.
Franciotti was actually elevated to cardinal by Pope Urban VIII in November 1633 but the elevation was reserved "in pectore tacite" and was only published in the consistory of 30 March 1637 when Franciotti was appointed Bishop of Lucca; his home city. Franciotti was consecrated a month later, on 19 April 1637 at the Quirinale Palace by Cardinal Antonio Marcello Barberini.
Conflict in Lucca.
Contemporary, John Bargrave, provided further insight into Franciotti's activities as Cardinal-Bishop of Lucca and those of his brother, one of the governors of Lucca. According to Bargrave, Franciotti's brother had taken up arms against the other princes of Lucca; being armed inside city walls was expressly forbidden by city law. City officials searched the houses of those suspected of being involved and found large numbers of weapons and were, at the same time, made aware of plots against the city government led by Franciotti's brother. Franciotti's brother and a number of others were arrested and prosecuted.
With his brother sentenced to death, Franciotti rushed to Rome and sought an audience with Pope Urban. Rather than give a proper account of the events leading to his brother's arrest, Franciotti told the Pope that city officials had taken issue with his conduct as Bishop and that the armed men had been employed for the protection of his own episcopal residence. Pope Urban believed his Cardinal and sent letters to Lucca demanding that Franciotti's brother be released. The city refused and the Pope excommunicated those he believed responsible for the slight and ordered that all the churches in the city be closed. City officials wrote numerous letters to church and secular officials alike but were not given permission to reopen their churches until they had come to a resolution with Cardinal Franciotti.
It is unclear if Franciotti's brother was ever executed but Franciotti resigned as Bishop of Lucca in 1645.
Later life and death.
Franciotti participated in the conclave of 1644 which elected Pope Innocent X. He was appointed Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals between 1650 and 1651 and participated in the conclave of 1655 which elected Pope Alexander VI.
Franciotti died on 8 February 1666 in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36590766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590766" title="Ulpius Limenius">
Ulpius Limenius

Ulpius Limenius (died 8 April AD 349) was a Roman politician who was appointed consul in AD 349.
Biography.
Presumably a member of the Nobiles and a member of the eastern Senate, Limenius was appointed Proconsul of Constantinople in AD 342. He was an opponent of the rhetoritician Libanius, and during his tenure as Proconsul he supported the accusations of Libanius’ rivals, charging him with practicing magic and treason, thereby forcing Libanius to leave Constantinople.
Although he was an eastern provincial, he was assigned the dual role of Praetorian prefect of Italy (which the emperor Constans gave to him when he created the new Prefecture, splitting Italy off from the Praetorian prefecture of Illyricum) as well as "Praefectus urbi" of Rome. He held these posts from 12 June 347 to 8 April 349. This unusual appointment not only reflected Constans’ upbringing in Constantinople, but was also probably indicative of a long-standing relationship with a trusted subordinate. In AD 348, Limenius, as Urban Prefect, probably celebrated the Secular Games in the emperor’s name, as Constans was absent from Rome.
During his time as Praetorian Prefect, he received a number of imperial laws to implement. One, dated 28 March 349, was aimed at the preservation of columns and monuments, as well as preventing the violation of tombs in the city of Rome. Another, dated 12 February 349, directed Limenius to crack down on counterfeiters.
In AD 349, Limenius was appointed "consul prior" alongside Fabius Aconius Catullinus Philomathius.
A pagan, Limenius died on 8 April 349, during his term as consul.

</doc>
<doc id="36590768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590768" title="Uganda Episcopal Conference">
Uganda Episcopal Conference

The local conference of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Uganda (Uganda Episcopal Conference, UEC), established in 1960. The UEC is acting primarily through the Uganda Catholic Secretariat in an effort to promote and coordinate social and pastoral ministry of the Church of Uganda. This task is performed through twelve committees including the liturgical-pastoral, dedicated to the apostolate of the laity, the Board of justice and peace, as education and training of priests, and those on ecumenism and interreligious dialogue. The statutes of the Conference have been approved by the Holy See on September 8, 1974.
The UEC is a member of the Association of Member Episcopal Conferences in Eastern Africa (AMECEA) and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1969 - 1975: Emmanuel Kiwanuka Nsubuga, archbishop of Kampala
1975 - 1977: John Baptist Kakubi, Archbishop of Mbarara
1977 - 1982: Adrian Kivumbi Ddungu, Bishop of Masaka
1982 - 1986: Barnabas R. Halem 'Imana, Bishop of Kabale
1986 - 1994: Emmanuel Wamala, Bishop of Mityana - Kiyinda and Archbishop of Kampala
1994 - 2002: Paul Lokiru Kalanda, Bishop of Fort Portal
2002 - 2006: Paul K. Bakyenga, Archbishop of Mbarara
2006 - 2010: Matthias Ssekamaanya, bishop of Lugazi
2010 - ... John Baptist Odama, Archbishop of Gulu

</doc>
<doc id="36590845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590845" title="A. R. Knapp">
A. R. Knapp

Sir Arthur Rowland Knapp CBE CSI KCIE (10 December 1870 - 22 May 1954) was a British civil servant who served as the Revenue Member of the Executive Council of the Governor of Madras from 1923 to 1926.
Early life.
Arthur Knapp was born at Woolston in 1871 to Lt Col. Charles Barrett Knapp. He was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford. Married to Florence Annie Moore daughter of Edward Moore DD Principal of St Edmunds Hall Oxford== Career ==
Knapp joined the Indian civil service in 1891 and served as Assistant Collector and magistrate, Malabar district, Madras. In 1899, he was appointed Under-secretary in the Board of Revenue rising to become Secretary. Knapp was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1919 and Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire in the 1924 New Year Honours list.
Legislative Council.
In 1923, Knapp was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council and served from 1923 to 1926.
Death.
Knapp died on 22 May 1954 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="36590894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590894" title="Cities and towns during the Syrian Civil War">
Cities and towns during the Syrian Civil War

Syria is subdivided in a hierarchical manner into:
For each governorate, the first city in the table is the governorate capital (and capital city of its district at the same time). The following towns are the regional capitals (administrative centers) of the districts. The next towns are other significant towns. The last item is the rural area outside of the listed towns in each governorate. The population figures are given according to the 2004 official census. The table is sortable. Click on the arrows next to the column headings to sort alphabetically, based on population, District, or control status.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36590896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590896" title="Tenodera aridifolia aridifolia">
Tenodera aridifolia aridifolia

"Tenodera aridifolia aridifolia" is a subspecies in the species "Tenodera aridifolia" of the genus "Tenodera".
Range.
Indonesia, Philippines, Sumatra.

</doc>
<doc id="36590913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590913" title="Episcopal Conference of Mali">
Episcopal Conference of Mali

The local conference of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Mali (French: Episcopal Conférence du Mali, EMC), established in 1970.
The CEM is a member of the Regional Episcopal Conference of Francophone West Africa and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents of the Bishops' Conference:
1970-1987: Luc Sangaré Auguste, Archbishop of Bamako
1987-1996: Jean-Baptiste Marie Cisse, Bishop of Sikasso
1996-2009: Jean-Gabriel Diarra, Bishop of San
2009 by Jean-Baptiste Tiama, Bishop of Sikasso

</doc>
<doc id="36590939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590939" title="Maladi">
Maladi

Raden Maladi (31 August 1912 – 30 April 2001) was an Indonesian athlete, songwriter, and politician. Interested in football from a young age, Maladi played in the Indonesian leagues beginning in 1930. In the 1940s he dabbled in songwriting and broadcasting before joining the "pemuda" troops during the Indonesian National Revolution. After a period heading the Football Association of Indonesia, he was selected as Minister of Information and, later, Minister of Sports.
Early life.
Maladi was born in Surakarta, Central Java, on 31 August 1912. He was interested in football from a young age, playing as a goalkeeper. In 1930 he started with PSIM Yogyakarta, transferring to Persebaya Surabaya three years later and eventually becoming one of the top players in the league. He also played on the Indonesia national football team, using several pseudonyms. He also enjoyed refereeing games.
By the 1940s Maladi, by then a teacher and already experienced in radio broadcasting, had begun composing works in the "kroncong" style. During the national revolution Maladi fought in the "pemuda", reaching the rank of major before retiring at the end of the revolution in 1949; he was a leader of the four-day general offensive in Surakarta early in the revolution. Towards the end of the war he worked to bring information of the revolution to Indonesian nationals abroad. During this period he also worked as a broadcaster for the radio network RRI ( in Surakarta.
Beginning in 1951 he served as chairman of the Football Association of Indonesia, overseeing the organisation's change in names and bringing in coach Tony Pogacnik for the national team. Under Pogacnik, the Indonesian football team played the Soviet Union to a draw at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He also became involved in the Olympics, supervising Indonesia's first delegation at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, as well as the delegation at the 1956 Olympics. Maladi left the position in 1959, when he moved to Jakarta, but remained an honorary board member.
Government minister and death.
In Jakarta Maladi became the director general of RRI while serinvg as Minister of Information in the Second Working Cabinet, beginning on 10 July 1959; he had grown to be a close confidante of President Sukarno, and had held the post of deputy minister in the previous cabinet. While Minister of Information he helped spearhead the growth of television in the nation; he had been pushing for television to be introduced in the country since 1952, and the first broadcast was on 24 August 1962, after ten months of preparations by Maladi and the ministry. It was used to broadcast the 1962 Asian Games, which Maladi had helped organise.
On 6 March 1962 Maladi was made Minister of Sports in the Third Working Cabinet, before the television program came to fruit. Aside from the Asian Games, Maladi supervised the Games of the New Emerging Forces, meant to counteract the perceived colonial presence of the Olympics. He survived several reshuffles before the post was dissolved in the Second Revised Dwikora Cabinet on 27 March 1966.
Maladi died on 30 April 2001 after spending two weeks in intensive care for breathing difficulties at Medistra Hospital in Jakarta. He was later buried in Kalibata Heroes Cemetery. He was survived by his wife Siti Khadijah and nine children.
Legacy.
Maladi received several awards from the Indonesian government during his lifetime, including the Bintang Gerilya, Bintang Kemerdekaan, and Mahaputra (Kelas Tiga., III) For his dedication to sports, the International Olympic Committee awarded Maladi the Bronze Olympic Order in 1983; he is one of only three Indonesians to have received the honour. R. Maladi Stadium (formerly Sriwedari Stadium) in Surakarta is named after him; Maladi had designed it.
The Indonesian singer Chrisye covered Maladi's song "Di Bawah Sinar Bulan Purnama" for his 2002 album "Dekade"; the singer told "The Jakarta Post" that he had been inspired to make the cover album after singing "Di Bawah Sinar Bulan Purnama" in 1996 and realising that the song, which he described as a masterpiece, was not recognised by the younger generation. The band Naif covered it for the 2009 film "Ruma Maida".
Compositions.
A partial list of songs composed by Maladi.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36590949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590949" title="Wigwam (Bob Dylan song)">
Wigwam (Bob Dylan song)

"Wigwam" is a song by Bob Dylan that was released on his 1970 album "Self Portrait". It was a hit single that reached the Top 10 in several countries worldwide. The song's basic track, including "la-la" vocals, was recorded in early March 1970 in New York City. Later that month, producer Bob Johnston had brass instrument overdubs added to the track; these were recorded in Nashville, Tennessee at a session without Dylan present.
Critical appraisal of "Wigwam" has been mostly positive, and reviewers have called it a highlight of "Self Portrait". Several artists have covered the composition, including Drafi Deutscher, whose version of it was a Top 20 hit in Germany.
Recording.
"Wigwam" was recorded during the sessions for Dylan's "Self Portrait" album, and produced by Bob Johnston. The basic track was put on tape on March 4, 1970, at Columbia Studio A in New York City, and was labelled "New Song 1" on the recording sheet. The musicians on the basic track were Dylan, vocals and guitar; David Bromberg, guitar; Al Kooper, piano. On April 20, 2013, this early version of "Wigwam" was released as a single for Record Store Day, and on August 27 of the same year, it appeared on "The Bootleg Series Vol. 10 – Another Self Portrait (1969–1971)".
On March 17, 1970, at Columbia Recording Studios in Nashville, Tennessee, instrumental overdubs were recorded for "Wigwam" and several other songs. Dylan was not present for the overdubs, and they were overseen by Johnston.
In the song, Dylan sings "la-la" vocals, accompanied by horns, in an arrangement that has been called "mariachi-like", and "Tex-Mex". The feeling of the song has also been described as "campfire music" and as having a "hazy glow".
Release.
"Wigwam" was released on "Self Portrait" on June 8, 1970, and as a single in June or July. The single's B-side is "Copper Kettle". The single was a Top 10 hit in Belgium, Denmark (in 1972), France, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, and Switzerland, and was a Top 40 hit in Canada and Germany. In the US, the song reached No. 41 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and No. 13 on the "Billboard" Top 40 Easy Listening chart.
Years later, in the early 2000s, "Wigwam" appeared on the "Limited Tour Edition" of "The Essential Bob Dylan". The song was also included on the soundtrack to the film "The Royal Tenenbaums" (2001), as well as on the compilations "One Hit Wonders and Hard to Find Classics" (2003), "Radio 2 - De Topcollectie '70 Vol. 2" (2010), "Top 40 Hitarchief - 1970" (2011), and "Remember the 70s Vol. 5".
Appraisal.
Reactions to the song have been generally positive. A review in "Billboard" magazine describes the track as "winning". Biographer Rober Shelton includes "Wigwam" among the "quality" songs on "Self Portrait", describing it as "hard to forget"; it is also one of the "AllMusic Picks" of the highlights of "Self Portrait", and Michael Gray similarly rates it as one of the "best tracks" on the album. Greil Marcus is likewise positive about the track, calling it "a great job of arranging". "PopMatters" reviewer Tom Useted calls the song "more than worthy", while "NME" writer Paul Stokes qualifies it as "melodious" and as demonstrating Dylan's "versatility and impact". In a review of "The Royal Tenenbaums" soundtrack, critic Heather Phares writes that the "hazy glow" of the song "add to the album's strangely timeless but emotionally direct atmosphere." Critic Sean Egan writes that "Dylan la-las against a big brass arrangement in a not disagreeable way—but is 'not disagreeable' supposed to be what a Dylan track amounts to?"
On a more negative note, writer Seth Rogovoy describes "Wigwam" as a "bizarre, wordless vocal tune". Critic Anthony Varesi considers the instrumentation on "Wigwam" to be an example of "horns misplaced", and "evidence of flaws" in Bob Johnston's production choices on "Self Portrait". Pitchfork writer Rob Mitchum characterizes the song as "moaning along with the brass section" and "rather unpleasant".
Covers.
Artists who have covered "Wigwam" include the New Christy Minstrels, Sounds Orchestral, and the French orchestra leaders Raymond Lefèvre and Caravelli. Drafi Deutscher released a version with German lyrics, entitled "Weil ich dich lieb" ("Because I Love You"), that was a Top 20 hit in Germany in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36590950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590950" title="KLUH">
KLUH

KLUH is a Christian radio station licensed to Poplar Bluff, Missouri, broadcasting on 90.3 MHz FM. The station's format consists of Christian contemporary music with some Christian talk and teaching. The station is owned by David Craig Ministries, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="36590965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590965" title="Jae-sang">
Jae-sang

Jae-sang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36590966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590966" title="Kálmán Lambrecht">
Kálmán Lambrecht

Kálmán Lambrecht (1889 – 1936) was a Hungarian palaeontologist, best known for his work on fossil birds. He authored the “Handbuch der Palaeornithologie”, an exhaustive review of fossil birds published in 1933. Positions held include librarianship of the Geological Survey of Hungary. He died of heart failure in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="36590968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590968" title="Radionuclides associated with hydraulic fracturing">
Radionuclides associated with hydraulic fracturing

Radionuclides associated with hydraulic fracturing are man-made radionuclides which are used in the hydraulic fracturing process as radioactive tracers or naturally occurring radionuclides released by this process. Injection of man-made radioactive tracers, along with the other substances in hydraulic-fracturing fluid, is often used to determine the injection profile and location of fractures created by hydraulic fracturing. In addition, hydraulic fracturing releases naturally occurring radioactive materials (NORM) from shale deposits, and these substances return to the surface with wastewater. Concerns have been expressed over the potential health and environmental impact of these materials.
Naturally occurring radionuclides.
There are naturally occurring radioactive materials (NORM), for example radium, radon, uranium, and thorium, in shale deposits. Brine co-produced and brought to the surface along with the oil and gas sometimes contains naturally occurring radioactive materials; brine from many shale gas wells, contains these radioactive materials. When NORM is concentrated or exposed by human activities, such as hydraulic fracturing, it is classified as TENORM (technologically enhanced naturally occurring radioactive material). Naturally occurring radionuclides are of more concern than man-made radionuclides used in fracture monitoring because the former have longer half lives and so remain in the environment longer.
Injected radionuclides.
Injection of a wide range of radioactive tracers in solid, liquid or gaseous forms, is often used to determine the injection profile and location of fractures created by hydraulic fracturing. Use of radioactive tracers is strictly controlled. It is recommended that the radiotracer is chosen to have readily detectable radiation, appropriate chemical properties, and a half life and toxicity level that will minimize initial and residual contamination. Operators must ensure that licensed material will be used, transported, stored, and disposed of in such a way that members of the public will not receive more than 1 mSv (100 mrem) in one year, and the dose in any unrestricted area will not exceed 0.02 mSv (2 mrem) in any one hour. They must also secure stored licensed material from access, removal, or use by unauthorized personnel and control and maintain constant surveillance of licensed material when in use and not in storage. Federal and state nuclear regulatory agencies keep records of the radionuclides used.
As of 2003 the isotopes manganese-56, sodium-24, technetium-99m, silver-110m, argon-41, and xenon-133 were used extensively in the oil industry because they are easily identified and measured. Antimony-124, bromine-82, iodine-125, iodine-131, iridium-192, and scandium-46, are also used.
Examples of amounts used are:
Concerns about environmental impact.
In 2010 the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) limited surface water discharges from new treatment plants to 250 mg/l chloride; the chloride limitation was designed to preclude most of the potential for radium contamination. Existing water treatment plants were "grandfathered," and still allow higher discharge concentrations. In 2011, the level of dissolved radium in hydraulic fracturing wastewater released upstream from drinking water intakes had been measured to be up to 18,035 pCi/L (667.3 Bq/l), and the gross alpha level measured to be up to 40,880 pCi/L (1,513 Bq/l). "The New York Times" reported that studies by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and a confidential study by the drilling industry concluded that radioactivity in drilling waste cannot be fully diluted in rivers and other waterways. Recycling the wastewater has been proposed as a solution but has its limitations. A recent Duke University study sampled water downstream from a Pennsylvania wastewater treatment facility from 2010 through Fall 2012 and found the creek sediment contained levels of radium 200 times background levels. The surface water had the same chemical signature as rocks in the Marcellus Shale formation. The facility denied processing Marcellus waste since 2011. In May 2013 the facility signed another agreement to not accept or discharge wastewater Marcellus Shale formations until it has installed technology to remove the radiation compounds, metals and salts. According to the Duke researches the ‘waste treatment solids/sludge’ have exceeded U.S. regulations for radium disposal to soil. The study by Duke University also found that radium has been ‘absorbed and accumulated on the sediments locally at the discharge’.
Potential health impact.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and regulators in North Dakota considers radioactive material in flowback a potential hazard to workers at hydraulic fracturing drilling and waste disposal sites and those living or working nearby if the correct procedures are not followed.
Regulation in the US.
The NRC and approved state agencies regulate the use of injected radionuclides in hydraulic fracturing in the United States.
The US EPA sets radioactivity standards for drinking water. Federal and state regulators do not require sewage treatment plants that accept gas well wastewater to test for radioactivity. In Pennsylvania, where the hydraulic fracturing drilling boom began in 2008, most drinking-water intake plants downstream from those sewage treatment plants have not tested for radioactivity since before 2006. The EPA has asked the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection to require community water systems in certain locations, and centralized wastewater treatment facilities to conduct testing for radionuclides. and although water suppliers are required to inform citizens of radon and other radionuclides levels in their water, this doesn't always happen.

</doc>
<doc id="36590989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36590989" title="A Taste of DNA">
A Taste of DNA

A Taste of DNA is an EP by the No Wave band DNA, released in 1981 through American Clavé. It was to be the band's last album to be released before they disbanded the following year.
Track listing.
All songs written by DNA

</doc>
<doc id="36591045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591045" title="Hoseynabad-e Kalali">
Hoseynabad-e Kalali

Hoseynabad-e Kalali (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kalālī) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 460, in 102 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591068" title="Hoseyn Aqa Beyk">
Hoseyn Aqa Beyk

Hoseyn Aqa Beyk (, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Āqā Beyk; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Āqā Beyk and Ḩasanābād-e Āqā Beyk) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 376, in 71 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591089" title="Hoseynabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Hoseynabad, Torbat-e Jam

Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 382, in 95 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591104" title="Scomberesox">
Scomberesox

Scomberesox is a genus of sauries.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="36591107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591107" title="Hasanabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Hasanabad, Torbat-e Jam

Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Jamrud Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,104, in 231 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591118" title="Hasanabad-e Qusheh">
Hasanabad-e Qusheh

Hasanabad-e Qusheh (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Qūsheh and Ḩasanābād-e Qosheh) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591128" title="Hasanabad, Salehabad">
Hasanabad, Salehabad

Hasanabad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 510, in 106 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591136" title="Karim Mammadbeyov">
Karim Mammadbeyov

Karim Huseyn oglu Mammadbeyov (, ; 27 March 1899 – 7 September 1938) was a Soviet Dagestani politician, social activist and revolutionary who participated in the Bolshevik movement in Dagestan and served in various government positions from 1921 to 1937.
Early life.
Karim Mammadbeyov was born in the village of Yersi in the historical region of Tabasaran to an ethnic Azeri family of Mammad Huseyn Mammadbeyov, an office clerk, and his wife Seyid-Qayabika.
In 1915, while attending a Realschule in Derbent, Karim Mammadbeyov began attending revolutionary lectures and joined the Communist Party (at the time called the Russian Social Democratic Workers' Party) in April 1917. In September 1917, he commenced his undergraduate studies at the University of Kazan, but the events following the October Revolution forced him to go back to Dagestan in early 1918. He actively participated in the events held by the Hummat party. After the British occupation of Dagestani ports, Mammadbeyov was delegated to Astrakhan to work with local Muslim labourers. He participated in active fighting in Dagestan until February 1919, when his was disbanded to due heavy losses to typhus. He received the Order of the Red Banner in 1922.
Political career.
After the establishment of the Soviet power in the North Caucasus, Mammadbeyov was appointed head of the Dagestani Extraordinary Commission ("Cheka") and well as People's Commissar (Minister) of Internal Affairs of Dagestan. In the next nine years, he served as Dagestan's People's Commissar of Finance and Head of the Dagestan Regional Branch of the State Political Directorate. In 1931, he was elected Chair of the Council of People's Commissars of Dagestan and served in that position until 1937.
While serving in that position, Mammadbeyov effectively suppressed anti-Soviet movements in Chechnya and Dagestan and trained native Dagestanis in civil service, which experienced severe shortage in local cadres. During his term, the first medical, pedagogical and agricultural speciality schools, the Kumyk national theatre, the Dagestan Song and Dance Ensemble, the Folk Instruments Orchestra of Dagestan and the Writers' Union of Dagestan were established.
On 27 September 1937, in the midst of the Stalinist purges, Mammadbeyov was removed from his position, expelled from the Communist Party and arrested as an "enemy of state" based on false allegations, accused of being an accomplice to "bourgeois nationalists". He was not shown the arrest warrant until his third month in custody and the case protocol was completed only five and a half months later. Mammadbeyov was executed by firing squad on 7 September 1938 in Moscow.
Personal life.
From 1925, he was to married Lyubov Erlich, a fellow revolutionary and participant of the Russian Civil War in Dagestan. She was arrested together with her husband and sentenced to eight years in labour camps allegedly for supporting Trotskyism. Their son Harun was arrested in 1938, but acquitted soon afterward. He fought in the Great Patriotic War as a volunteer and died in the Battle of Moscow in 1941. Erlich-Mammadbeyova was released in 1948, having served her sentence, and died in 1988 in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="36591140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591140" title="Kalateh-ye Sanam">
Kalateh-ye Sanam

Kalateh-ye Sanam (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Şanam and Kalāteh Şanam; also known as Kalāteh-ye Nūr Moḩammad Shādī) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591149" title="Mikhak, Pain Jam">
Mikhak, Pain Jam

Mikhak (, also Romanized as Mīkhak; also known as Mīkhak-e Seyyedābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 412, in 92 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591157" title="Qasemabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Qasemabad, Torbat-e Jam

Qasemabad (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād; also known as Tappeh Sorkh) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 217, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591165" title="Dusk Till Dawn (album)">
Dusk Till Dawn (album)

Dusk Till Dawn is the fifth studio album by R&B singer, Bobby V. It was released on October 16, 2012. The album features guest appearances from Lil Wayne, Red Café, K. Michelle, Future, Gucci Mane, and Cassidy.
Recording and Production.
Bobby V began recording the album in 2011 and finished recording in 2012 at 3MG Studios, Atlanta, GA; The Blue Room Recording Studios and Atlanta, GA.
Singles.
In May 2012, Bobby V released the first single from his album, titled "Mirror," which features rapper Lil Wayne. It was produced by K.E. on the Track and written by Bobby V, Lil Wayne, Kevin Erondu and Ryan Hirt. The music video premiered on Vevo on July 26, 2012, directed by Rob Dade.
In October 2012, Bobby V released the second single from his album, titled "Rock Body" Produced by Jeffrey "J Leron" Toney and written by Bobby V, Jeffrey Toney, Radric Davis and Ryan Hirt. The music video premiered on YouTube on October 11, 2012, directed by 2-Mill and was filmed in midtown Atlanta at Ramsey's Beauty Salon/Barbershop.
Bobby V released a video for the song "Role Play" featuring Red Café on November 13, 2012 on Vevo. In November 2012, Kontrol Magazine released a behind the scenes of Bobby V's latest video "Put it In" featuring singer K. Michelle. On January 15, 2013, the music video for "Put It In" featuring K. Michelle was released.
Commercial performance.
The album debuted at No. 91 on the US Billboard 200 chart, with first-week sales of 5,000 copies in the United States.
Personnel.
Managerial
Performance Credits
Visuals and Imagery
Instruments
Technical and production

</doc>
<doc id="36591166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591166" title="Tenodera superstitiosa">
Tenodera superstitiosa

"Tenodera superstitiosa" is a species in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae.
Range.
Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Guinea, Ghana, Mauritania, Congo, Sierra Leone, Burkina Faso.
Subspecies.
Tenodera superstitiosa superstitiosa (Fabricius, 1781).
"Tenodera superstitiosa superstitiosa" is a subspecies of mantis in the family Mantidae.
Tenodera superstitiosa bokiana (Giglio-Tos, 1907).
"Tenodera superstitiosa bokiana" may not be a valid subspecies.
Synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="36591171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591171" title="Qaleh Kak">
Qaleh Kak

Qaleh Kak (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kaḵ; also known as Qal‘eh Gak and Ghal’eh Kek) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,497, in 454 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591191" title="Qezel Hasar, Torbat-e Jam">
Qezel Hasar, Torbat-e Jam

Qezel Hasar (, also Romanized as Qezel Ḩaşār and Qezel Ḩeşār; also known as Qazalshīr and Qezel Shīr) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591209" title="Rahmatabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Rahmatabad, Torbat-e Jam

Rahmatabad (, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,808, in 366 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591215" title="Hasanabad-e Kohneh">
Hasanabad-e Kohneh

Hasanabad-e Kohneh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36591232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591232" title="Soltanabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Soltanabad, Torbat-e Jam

Soltanabad (, also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591239" title="Akbarabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Akbarabad, Torbat-e Jam

Akbarabad (, also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591242" title="Journal of Biomedical Nanotechnology">
Journal of Biomedical Nanotechnology

Journal of Biomedical Nanotechnology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published monthly by American Scientific Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Omathanu Perumal. The journal covers fundamental and applied research pertaining to nanotechnology applications in all fields of the life sciences. Publishing formats are original full papers, original short communications, and reviews.
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed by:

</doc>
<doc id="36591248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591248" title="Feyzabad-e Mish Mast">
Feyzabad-e Mish Mast

Feyzabad-e Mish Mast (, also Romanized as Feyẕābād-e Mīsh Mast; also known as Feyẕābād and Mīsh Mast) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 589, in 133 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591263" title="Yadegar-e Olya">
Yadegar-e Olya

Yadegar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Yādegār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Yādegār-e ‘Alī Khvājeh-ye ‘Olyā, ‘Alī Khvājeh, Yādegār-e ‘Alī Khvājeh, and Yādegār-e Bālā) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 398, in 88 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591274" title="Yadegar-e Ali Khvajeh">
Yadegar-e Ali Khvajeh

Yadegar-e Ali Khvajeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36591275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591275" title="Ali Khvajeh">
Ali Khvajeh

Ali Khvajeh (, also Romanized as ‘Alī Khvājeh) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,418, in 348 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591280" title="Yadegar-e Sofla">
Yadegar-e Sofla

Yadegar-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Yādegār-e Soflá; also known as Yādegār-e ‘Alī Khvājeh-ye Soflá and Yādegār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 806, in 172 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591298" title="List of San Diego Chargers 40th Anniversary Team">
List of San Diego Chargers 40th Anniversary Team

The San Diego Chargers announced their 40th Anniversary Team in 2000 to honor the top players and coaches in the history of the National Football League team. The Chargers began play in 1960 as part of the American Football League. The anniversary team included 31 players and coaches voted on by fans and a media panel.

</doc>
<doc id="36591304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591304" title="Vincent Banet">
Vincent Banet

Vincent Banet is a French rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
From the Catalan club, Banet played for the France under-18's in a 1993 match against their Great Britain counterparts.
He was later signed by Workington Town, and made his debut in October 1994.
He returned to France after the season, joining the Limoux club. In 1995 he made his debut for France, coming off the bench in one match at the 1995 World Cup.
He played in two more matches for France, against South Africa in 1997 and Scotland in 1998.
In 2002 he played for the Carcassonne Canaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36591334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591334" title="HGTV Design Star All Stars">
HGTV Design Star All Stars

HGTV Design Star All Stars is a spin-off series based on HGTV Design Star. It features 6 designers from the first seven seasons of the original series. Host and mentor David Bromstad and incumbent judges Vern Yip and Genevieve Gorder will all return to their respective positions for this competition. The season premiered on HGTV on July 31, 2012, a week following the conclusion of the seventh season of the parent series.

</doc>
<doc id="36591354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591354" title="Artem Lobuzov">
Artem Lobuzov

Artem Lobuzov (Russian: Артём Лобузов, born January 24, 1991) is a Russian swimmer who compete freestyle and butterfly events. He represented Russian federation in Olympic Games. Lobuzov has his lifetime personal's best of 1:47.53 in swimming.
Swimming career.
2011 FINA World Cup.
At FINA World Cup in 2011 at Moscow competition, Lobuzov competed at short course and sets his lifetime personal bests include three events. 
In 18 October 2011, Lobuzov raced Men's Open 100m Freestyle. He logs his best at 49.17 seconds splitting on 25.21. Although, he placed at ranked 9 that is where he opposed Nikita Lobintsev that placed first and Michel phelps who partially at ranked 11. Nevertheless, Lobuzov stated he firstly satisfied at the result in which he beat Phelps whose clocked at 49:30 seconds.
Also, Lobuzov contest at Men's Open 400m Freestyle where he performs his best that clocked 3:54:21 split at 28:38 seconds. He concludes at rank 13 and opposed his countrymen including Nikita Lobintsev who leads the fastest competitor on the events.
In Men's open 200m Freestyle in 19 of October 2011, Lobuzov set on finals that clocked 1:46:69 with splitting time of 27.01, he had FINA point score of 808. He placed at rank 6 with 8 oppositions including Phelps at second.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Lobuzov competed in 200 meters Freestyles and Men's 4x200m Freestyle Relay.
On 29 July 2012, Lobuzov race in 200 meters Freestyles where he opposed 40 countries in swimming. He contest at Heat 6 with 8 opposition includes Brett Fraser (Cayman Island), Matthew Stanley (New Zealand), Thomas Fraser-Holmes (Australia), Sebastiaan Verschuren (Netherlands), Park Tae-Hwan (South Korea) and Yannick Agnel (France). Lobuzov ranked 6 at the heat that clocked 1:47.91 with difference at +1.31. However, at the result, he made ranked 15 wherein he qualifies on the semi-finals. Subsequently, at the first semi-final race, Lobuzov vows at rank 8 on heat 2 and ranked 16 on the semi-final that clocked 1:48.26. He then did not qualify to the finals.
On 31 July 2012, Lobuzov swims in Men's 4x200m Freestyle Relay with Evgeny Lagunov, Mikhail Polishchuk and Alexander Sukhorukov. They raced that clocked 7:11.86 with difference at +5.11 on heat 2 at ranked 5 and ranked 10 over 15 opposed countries. However, the team Russian was not qualified to the semi-finals.
Lobuzov clocked 1:48.30 at his swim on the relay where he race at first to compete. Alexander Sukhorukov was leaded on their group that clocked 1:47.34, Lobuzov then was at rank 3. 
On relay trials, Lobuzov had given reaction time at 0.70 seconds, he rank 3 at his 50 meters at 53.02 seconds then down to 4 in 100 meters clocked in 1:48.30 wherein they contest at lane 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36591361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591361" title="Puccinia mariae-wilsoniae">
Puccinia mariae-wilsoniae

Puccinia mariae-wilsoniae, commonly known as the spring beauty rust, is a species of rust fungus found in North America. A plant pathogen, it grows on the leaves of the spring beauty flowering plants "Claytonia caroliniana" and "C. virginica".
Taxonomy.
The species was first described scientifically in 1874 by Charles Horton Peck, although Peck attributed authorship to George William Clinton, mayor of Buffalo, New York in 1842–43; the first specimens were collected in Buffalo. The specific epithet was originally published as "mariae-wilsoni", but this is an orthographic error that was later corrected to "mariae-wilsoniae". Early 20th-century rust authority Joseph Charles Arthur considered "Uromyces claytoniae" to be synonymous with "P. mariae-wilsoniae", but this conclusion was rejected in a later publication, and the putative synonymy is recognized by neither of the taxonomic databases Index Fungorum nor MycoBank. The fungus is commonly known as the "spring beauty rust". The epithet honors Mary L. Wilson, a Buffalo-area botanist who frequently collected specimens for Peck.
Description.
The rust grows on all sides of the plant, producing scattered clusters of reddish-brown sori on the surface. The aecia (specialized reproductive structures) are cup-shaped and have a conspicuous peridium. The spores produced by the aecia (aeciospores) are hyaline (translucent), covered with minute warts, and measure 18–27 by 14–20 μm. The telia are about 0.1–1.0 mm in diameter, and dark brown; teliospores measure 33–56 by 16.5–27 μm with brownish walls 1.5–2.5 μm thick, and are two-celled with little to no constriction at the septum. The surface of the teliospores are ornamented with rounded warts that are 0.2–0.5 μm high, separated by 1.4–3.0 μm between the centers of the warts.
The variety "Puccinia mariae-wilsoniae" var. "montiae" differs from the main form in having teliospores measuring 27–46 by 20–28.5 μm and walls 1.6–3.0 μm thick, and warts 0.9–1.7 μm high.
Habitat and distribution.
The rust grows on the leaves and stems of plants in the Portulacaceae family, including the Carolina spring beauty ("Claytonia caroliniana"), the Virginia spring beauty or fairy spud ("C. virginica"), and the lanceleaf springbeauty ("Claytonia lanceolata"). Other host species include "Montia fontana" and "M. sibirica". It is known only from North America, where it is common in the United States and Canada. The variety "montiae" has been collected in Washington, California, and Utah; its hosts are "Montia sibirica" and "M. cordifolia".

</doc>
<doc id="36591408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591408" title="Lake Johnston Airport">
Lake Johnston Airport

Lake Johnston Airport is located near Lake Johnston, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36591412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591412" title="Nellore train fire">
Nellore train fire

The Nellore train fire occurred on 30 July 2012, when the Chennai-bound Tamil Nadu Express train caught fire at 4:22 am near Nellore, Andhra Pradesh, India. At least 32 passengers died and 27 were injured. The fire gutted the S-11 sleeper coach in 20 minutes. A railway emergency crew prevented the fire from spreading to the other coaches.
The train.
The fire took place on the Tamil Nadu Express train (No. 12622) that originated in New Delhi and was bound for Chennai, Tamil Nadu. There were 72 passengers in the reserved S-11 sleeper coach and at least 6 unreserved passengers.
The fire.
The train passed through the Nellore station at 4:15 am and caught fire at 4:22 am. It was moving at a speed of around . The driver stopped the train after a gateman at a railway crossing spotted smoke and fire from the S-11 coach and alerted authorities. Due to sweeping winds, the coach was quickly engulfed in flames.
Around 25 passengers managed to escape the fire from the rear exit, and 10 others escaped by jumping from the train. At least 15 people died trying to escape from the forward exit, and others died in their sleeping berths. Twenty-seven people were admitted to hospitals in Nellore. A railway emergency crew was on the scene rapidly and detached the burning coach from the other coaches, preventing the fire from spreading to the rest of the train.
Investigation.
The local district police believe that the fire was caused by a short circuit, but the railway officials would not rule out possible sabotage. Some passengers reportedly heard an explosion before the flames broke out, while the speed of the fire's spreading and the reported discovery of a kerosene can, has raised further suspicion.
The Indian government announced that the next of kin of passengers who died would receive 500,000 (US$9,100) as compensation.

</doc>
<doc id="36591430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591430" title="Madrasa-i-Aliya">
Madrasa-i-Aliya

Madrasa-i-Aliya was a Royal school in Hyderabad State. It was established in 1872. It was located at the present campus of Nizam College.

</doc>
<doc id="36591450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591450" title="Lawlers Airport">
Lawlers Airport

Lawlers Airport is located at Lawlers Gold Mine, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36591468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591468" title="Interamerican University of Puerto Rico at Ponce">
Interamerican University of Puerto Rico at Ponce

The Interamerican University of Puerto Rico at Ponce — or Universidad Interamericana de Puerto Rico, Recinto de Ponce (UIPR-P) in Spanish, and often referred as ""La Inter""— is a Christian co-educational non-sectarian university in Ponce, Puerto Rico. It was founded in 1962. It is part of the Universidad Interamericana de Puerto Rico system, whose main campus is in San German, Puerto Rico. 
History.
The school opened in August 1962 as an extension program of the San German campus. It opened at facilities on Calle Villa, near downtown Ponce. In 1966 the school moved to more spacious facilities at the southwest corner of Calle Castillo and Calle Estrella. In the early 1980s the university started to build a new campus east of the city. In 1984 it moved to this new campus in the Mercedita sector of Barrio Vayas, Ponce. In 1992 the school became an autonomous campus of the Inter-American University system.
Academics.
The school offers programs in education, health, and management. It has over 25 academic programs, including offering five Master Degrees in Education, Business and Criminal Justice. It also offers 22 Bachelor Degrees, seven Associate Degrees, and four technical certificates. It has an enrollment of approximately 5,000 students. The university offers academic programs in 11 teaching units.
Expansion.
In August 2012, the school announce a $10 million expansion plan that would create a college preparatory school. The new facility is scheduled to open in August 2013 in the immediacy of the current school grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="36591489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591489" title="John Ovens">
John Ovens

John Ovens (1788 - 7 December 1825) was an Irish-born soldier, civil engineer and explorer of Australia. He was aide-de-camp to Sir Thomas Brisbane, governor of New South Wales and explored the Murrumbidgee River and Monaro (New South Wales) district with Capt. Mark Currie.
Ovens was born in St Catherine, Fermanagh, Ireland and joined the 73rd (Perthshire) Regiment of Foot of the British Army in 1808. He travelled with the regiment in 1810 to the colony of New South Wales. He returned to England in October 1811 and soon transferred to the 74th (Highland) Regiment of Foot under Thomas Brisbane.
Ovens returned to New South Wales when Brisbane was appointed governor and was made acting chief engineer.
In October 1825 Ovens assisted John Oxley to survey Twofold Bay. Brisbane employed Ovens as his private secretary and promoted him to major.

</doc>
<doc id="36591537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591537" title="Munnu Bhai">
Munnu Bhai

Munnu Bhai is a columinst, poet and writer of Pakistan. His career as a drama writer was primarily devoted to Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV). As a playwright, Munnu Bhai's most famous drama to date is Sona Chandi. He has also written plays like Ashiana and Dashat and contributed in an environmental docudrama Before Its Too Late. Tamanna, a UK-Pakistani production shot entirely in Pakistan with the soundtrack featuring Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is also written by Munnu Bhai.

</doc>
<doc id="36591542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591542" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Nebraska">
List of dams and reservoirs in Nebraska

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Nebraska. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36591551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591551" title="Kimball McCullocoupe">
Kimball McCullocoupe

The Kimball McCullocoupe is a homebuilt aircraft built around the design of the Clipwing Howard "Mr.Mulligan" Racer.
Development.
The McCulloCoupe is an aircraft built as an evolution of air racers starting with the Velie Monocoupe. The Monocoupe evolved into the Monocoupe 110, eventually flown as an air-racer with clipped wings. Ben Howard built a larger version of the Monocoupe, "Mister Mulligan". The Mullicoupe replicas were developed using Pratt & Whitney R-985 Wasp Junior engines. The McCulloCoupe uses a Vedeneyev M14P radial engine with features developed for the Pitts Model 12. Construction began in 2000, with the first flight in 2004.
Design.
The McCulloCoupe has side-by-side configuration seating, a high-wing, conventional landing gear and a radial engine. The wings use plywood covering.

</doc>
<doc id="36591559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591559" title="Lange Hotel">
Lange Hotel

The Lange Hotel is a historic commercial building and former hotel in the village of West Alexandria, Ohio, United States. One of the area's leading early farmhouses, it is the latest in a series of hotels on the same spot, and it has been designated a historic site.
The portion of Preble County around West Alexandria was first settled between 1800 and 1810, and the village itself was platted in 1818 and incorporated eighteen years later. Just two years after the village was laid out, local resident Valentine Mikesell was granted a hotelier's license for the property where the Lange Hotel stands. Its location was fortuitous for a hotel: the Lange sits at the village's central intersection, along the old road to Dayton to the east. As the years passed, West Alexandria prospered; sawmills and gristmills were established within its limits, and before long it was a commercial center for the surrounding agricultural countryside. A larger lodging facility, the Eagle Hotel, occupied the present site by the 1880s, but it was demolished for the construction of the present building in 1887.
West Alexandria's hilltop site near Twin Creek and its location along a major road made it the junction of multiple important transportation arteries. By the 1880s, a new hotel was needed, and the result was the present frame two-and-a-half-story building with Italianate elements, built on a foundation of limestone. Despite the new construction, there was soon a lack of space, so a two-story wing was constructed on the western side of the original building in 1904. Today, the hotel remains on a busy street — Dayton Street is now U.S. Route 35 — but by the early 1990s, it had ceased to be a hotel and was vacant. Nevertheless, it retained its structural integrity; in January 1991, the hotel was declared historically significant enough and sufficiently well preserved to warrant addition to the National Register of Historic Places, a designation that it officially received on 25 January. Essential to its status as a historic site was its rôle in the community's history as a transportation center.

</doc>
<doc id="36591596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591596" title="Clarence Walworth Alvord">
Clarence Walworth Alvord

Clarence Walworth Alvord (May 21, 1868 - January 27, 1928) was an American history professor, and winner of the 1918 Loubat Prize for his book "The Mississippi Valley in British Politics".
Alvord spent most of his career at the University of Illinois, where between 1897 and 1920 he worked his way up the academic ranks from prep school teacher to full professor of history.
In 1926 he was the first non-British person to give the University of London's Creighton Lecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36591611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591611" title="Crime and Dissonance">
Crime and Dissonance

Crime and Dissonance is a 2005 compilation album of Italian composer Ennio Morricone's film score work. Intended as a follow-up to two earlier Morricone compilations assembled by Dagored, the album was put together by Alan Bishop and released by Ipecac Recordings. "Crime and Dissonance" features work ranging from the later 1960s to the early 1980s, and contains scores taken from films of several different genres.
The collection focuses on Morricone's lesser-known soundtrack work, with Ipecac founder Mike Patton consciously wishing to distance it from similar compilations. Released on October 18, 2005, "Crime and Dissonance" has been met with favorable reviews by critics. The album has attracted comments on Morricone's experimental and innovative compositional style, often in contrast to the spare-sounding westerns he is known for.
Production.
"Crime and Dissonance", a collection of Ennio Morricone's film scores from the 1970s, was conceived as a follow-up to Dagored releases "Morricone 2000" and "Morricone 2001". However, that label abandoned the project, and Mike Patton of Ipecac Recordings decided to release it instead. Morricone had no input in the project; instead the track listing was assembled by Alan Bishop. Bishop had previously assembled the "Morricone 2000" and "Morricone 2001" collections as well. All three compilations cover a roughly coterminous time period, spanning the late 1960s to the early 1980s, but concentrating primarily on the early 1970s. Bishop had been given a list of films whose scores were available to use in the collection; he set about compiling the two-disc set from there. However, the final song on the album, an eleven-minute section from the soundtrack to "Un uomo da rispettare", was not included in the list of available material. The project was delayed for some time while Bishop waited for record label Sugar Music to license the song.
Patton, founder of Ipecac Recordings, has described his admiration for Morricone's writing, feeling that the composer turned "what could be banal, surface-style pop into really deep, orchestrated, tense and compelling music". Patton considers Morricone to be one of his favorite composers, and wanted the compilation to serve as a fitting tribute. He felt it was "imperative" for "Crime and Dissonance" to focus on Morricone's lesser-known work, as it had to compete with a large back catalogue of similar compilations. To this end, Patton and Bishop focused on Morricone's more experimental work, which Patton has compared to the music of Brazilian tropicália group Os Mutantes. Patton has praised Bishop's work on the project, calling him "a big Morricone scholar", and has described "Crime and Dissonance" as one the Ipecac releases he is most proud of.
"Crime and Dissonance" features liner notes written by composer John Zorn, who had previously reinterpreted Morricone's work on the album "The Big Gundown". The album's title reflects the range of genres covered by the films whose scores have been included, with the collection gathering music from "horror, suspense, mafia, and period movies", including several pieces taken from Dario Argento's giallo film "L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo". However, the album itself only lists the titles of the films, omitting the context in which the music was originally presented and leaving the compositions to "speak for themselves".
Reception.
"Crime and Dissonance" was released on October 18, 2005, through the Ipecac Recordings label, although it has previously been scheduled for release on September 6 of the same year.
The album has garnered mostly positive reviews from critics. Writing for Allrovi, Thom Jurek rated the collection four-and-a-half stars out of five, calling it "essential Morricone". Jurek felt that the album served to present "a much wider view of Morricone not only as a composer, but as a sonic experimentalist". Pitchfork Media's Joe Tangari awarded the album a score of eight out of ten, describing it as "a minor revelation". Tangari felt that the collection represented Morricone's most innovative period of work, and praised Bishop's compilation for its cohesion and flow. Joshua Klein of "The Washington Post" has described the album as featuring "bizarre soundscapes, discordant drones, proto-sampledelica, weird instruments, strange sounds and oddball voices". Klein felt that the collection portrayed Morricone as a ground-breaking and confident composer, eschewing his trademark spare-sounding scores to freely experiment.
"The A.V. Club" Andy Battaglia rated the compilation an A−, noting its dissimilarity to Morricone's more well-known work. Battaglia complimented the arrangement of the tracks, feeling that they flowed into one another well, and noted the range of genres the collection represented. Danny Fasold of "The Roanoke Times" has commented on the wide variety of styles the collection contains, adding that it proves "Morricone always delivered something interesting". "Stylus Magazine" Cameron Macdonald rated the album an A−, finding that the "kitsch" mass-market appeal of Morricone's better-known western scores made "Crime and Dissonance" a more "relevant" record. However, Macdonald felt that album's second disc was the weaker of the two, finding that the "slapstick" nature of some of its pieces seemed out of place. Dave Gurney of Tiny Mix Tapes rated "Crime and Dissonance" three-and-a-half out of five, calling it "a group of Morricone's most uncompromising works". However, Gurney questioned the target audience of the collection, believing that it would not be likely to appeal to casual listeners while not presenting much new material for dedicated Morricone collectors. An anonymous review for "The Stranger" described the album as proof that "there's much more to the maestro than his revered spaghetti-western work for Sergio Leone". The review highlighted the range of genres present in the collection, calling the end result a "deluge of otherworldly, endlessly fascinating sounds".

</doc>
<doc id="36591647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591647" title="Spook Bridge">
Spook Bridge

Spook Bridge, located on the county line between Brooks County and Lowndes County in the state of Georgia, is an abandoned open spandrel arch bridge crossing the Withlacoochee River on a closed section of Old Quitman Hwy (also known as Blue Springs Rd, formerly U.S. 84). It is considered Lowndes County's most famous relic and is decaying, becoming a dangerous site, due to its abandonment. For decades, it has served as the center of urban legends and small town curiosity in the nearby cities of Quitman and Valdosta. The bridge has developed a reputation for being a popular "hangout" for teenagers and is rumored to be haunted due to its isolated and overgrown environment. 
History.
According to Charles Arnold, electrical superintendent for Quitman,the bridge was built circa 1920; however, its actual date of completion is unknown. The land near the bridge was owned by the Walter Cunningham family, and a resort called Blue Springs was located across the bridge near a train stop on the Brooks County side. Blue Springs resort attracted tourists from around the state of Georgia and included Blue Hole, a natural spring located near the bridge, and cabins for the tourists to stay in. According to Larry Cunningham, nephew of the late land owner Walter Cunningham, in the mid-1940s a gas truck crashed into the bridge's railing on the Brooks County side, tearing between 50 and 100 feet of railing. The railing was never repaired. According to Cunningham, at least two drownings occurred at Blue Hole prior to 1970.
In the late 1940s, a flood washed out and eventually destroyed the road on either side of the bridge, making the road unsafe for vehicle traffic. A new bridge in conjunction with U.S. 84 opened in 1950, dramatically reducing the amount of traffic on the bridge, and around 1970, Blue Hole dried up, bringing the local tourism to a halt. According to Cunningham, satanic graffiti, such as pentagrams, began appearing in 1974 and 1975, and because of the graffiti locals gave it the name "Spook Bridge". 
Legends and Rumors.
Some of the most common tales associated with the bridge involve a dilapidated house that stands nearby, which as local folklore claims, once housed a couple, and the husband who resided there killed his wife before committing suicide. A different version of the story states that the couple was walking on the bridge when the husband shoved his wife off of the bridge and into the water, and the wife haunts the bridge, trying to climb onto the bridge from the river below. Another legend states that a high school couple was driving on the bridge when their car ran through the railings and off of the bridge, sweeping them into the river. It was rumored that if one drives onto the bridge, one can hear screaming and feel the vibrations of someone beating on the hood of the vehicle. It has also been rumored that a school bus full of children was driven off of one side of the bridge. 
Spook Bridge In Its Current State.
The destroyed section of the road on Old Quitman Hwy has been blocked off on both the Lowndes County and Brooks County entrances. The road is torn apart, and the asphalt has been ripped, cracked, and scorched by fires. The roadway and railings boast an astonishing graffiti word count, and the cracks in the concrete are lined with broken glass. When flooding occurs, sections of the bridge sometimes become submerged under the flood water. 
Brooks County sheriffs have expressed a great deal of concern for the danger of the bridge and often patrol the abandoned roadway, making several arrests for trespassing. According to Brooks County sheriff, Richard A. Chafin, a murder occurred on the bridge and was believed to be a "drug deal gone bad". Chafin has stated that the bridge is dangerous and should be torn down, and some citizens of Valdosta are also supportive of the bridge's demolition.

</doc>
<doc id="36591649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591649" title="Religion in Liechtenstein">
Religion in Liechtenstein

The religion in Liechtenstein is predominantly Roman Catholic, with a minority of Protestants, non-adherents, and adherents of other religions. Liechtenstein has a small Muslim population, composed mainly of immigrants from countries like Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, and Turkey.
Liechtenstein is a small, landlocked country located in the Alpine region of Europe. As of 2002, 83.9% of Liechtenstein's population is Christian. In terms of religious demographics, 76% follow Catholicism, 7% follow Protestant Christianity, 4.2% follow Islam, 0.8% follow Orthodox Christianity, and 12% are either nonreligious or adherents of other faiths. In Liechtenstein, 44% of Muslims, 23% of Catholic Christians, and 24% of non-Catholic Christians regularly participate in weekly religious services. 
The Roman Catholic Church, as written in the Constitution of Liechtenstein, is the official state religion of Liechtenstein. The constitution declares that the Catholic Church is "the State Church and as such shall enjoy the full protection of the State." Liechtenstein offers protection to adherents of all religious beliefs, and considers the "religious interests of the people" a priority of the government. In Liechtenstein schools, although exceptions are allowed, religious education in Catholicism or Protestantism is legally required. Tax exemption is granted by the government to religious organizations. According to the Pew Research Center, social conflict caused by religious hostilities is ranked low in Liechtenstein, and so is the amount of government restriction on the practice of religion. 
Before 1997, within the Roman Catholic church, the principality was part of the Swiss Diocese of Chur. Reforms aimed at diminishing the influence of the Catholic Church on Liechtenstein's government have been supported by Prince Hans-Adam II. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591650" title="Yakabindie">
Yakabindie

Yakabindie is a pastoral lease currently a cattle station an previously a sheep station located about north west of Leinster and south of Wiluna in the Goldfields of Western Australia,
The station was placed on the market in 1920, and existed as 13 separate leases that encircled Sir Samuel and ecompassing an area of . Only 360 cattle, 200 horses and 75 camels were bring run on the property and they were kept watered by 10 wells fitted with windmills. About of fencing was in place, most around one big paddock but one smaller sheep paddock had its own fence.
The homestead was situated in Sir Samuel and had four large rooms, vestibule, kitchen, and bathroom constructed of wood and iron. The building was lined with stamped steel. The grazing land was described as typical Murchison country with plenty of mulga, saltbush and edible bushes suited for cattle.
The climate is semi-arid but prone to the occasional deluge of rain, in December 1928 a fall of was recorded. and in January 1931 was recorded in a day and over the course of a week in January 1939 to break the drought.
The station occupied an area of in 1923 when it was part owned by Mr. R. H. Adamson, When Adamson and partners acquired the station in 1920 it was running cattle but they introduced sheep in 1923 when they bought 2,000 ewes.
For the first clip in 1924, 3,300 sheep were shorn and with an estimated 500 stragglers to be mustered. About of wool per sheep was obtained.
The station was still owned by Adamson in 1953 when he succeeded Sir Langlois Lefroy as President of the Pastoralists' Association of Western Australia.
Presently owned by a BHP Billiton group member, Nickel West, Yakabindie is one of six leases operated by the group. The area of the station is now and runs approximately 1,200 droughtmaster cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="36591676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591676" title="Kastellet (Roskilde)">
Kastellet (Roskilde)

Kastellet (literally "The Castle"), a house in Roskilde, Denmark, is the former home of the Danish author and satirist Gustav Wied.
History.
The house was built to Wied's own design in 1900 with the proceeds from "Første Violin", a comedy published in 1898. After a visit, his friend and colleague Walter Christmas referred to the house as "Kastellet" due to its castle-like architecture, and Wied instantly adopted the name, always using it in reference to his home thereafter.
House and gardens.
The property also includes a small half-timbered building known as the Widow Seat and an outbuilding known as the Gentlemen's Wing, connecting to a garden wall.
Both the buildings, the garden and a memorial grove with 28 memorials were listed by the Danish Heritage Agency in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36591684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591684" title="Fritz Pauer">
Fritz Pauer

Fritz Pauer (October 14, 1943 – July 1, 2012) was an Austrian jazz pianist, composer, and bandleader.
Born in Vienna, Pauer began his professional playing career as a teenager, performing with Hans Koller (1960–62) before leading his own ensembles in Berlin. In the 1960s he played with, among others, Don Byas, Booker Ervin, Art Farmer, Dexter Gordon, Friedrich Gulda, and Annie Ross. From 1968-1970 he taught at the Vienna Municipal Conservatory, and following this was a member of the Osterreicher Rundfunk dance orchestra. In the 1970s he recorded as a leader as well as with Klaus Weiss and Peter Herbolzheimer.
Pauer moved to Peru briefly in the mid-1980s, but moved to Switzerland in 1986. Later in life he became a university professor.

</doc>
<doc id="36591691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591691" title="Fran Ramovš">
Fran Ramovš

Fran Ramovš (14 September 1890 – 16 September 1952) was a Slovenian linguist. He studied the dialects and onomastics of Slovenian.
Early life and education.
Fran Ramovš was born on 14 September 1890 in Ljubljana, the capital of Carniola, Austria-Hungary. He studied linguistics in Vienna (1910–1911) and in Graz (1911–1914). While in Graz he selected the topic of his dissertation (the development of Proto-Slavic reduced vowels in Slovenian) and completed it in 1912; he submitted it in 1914 to receive his PhD.
First World War.
In October 1915 Ramovš was mobilized and sent to the Isonzo Front, where he was completely incapacitated during the Third Battle of the Isonzo. He spent a year recovering in Vienna, and he was dismissed from regular military service in 1917 on grounds of disability and assigned to the territorial reserve in Ljubljana and Kamnik.
Academic career.
In 1918 Ramovš was given a professorship and offered a teaching position as an associate professor in Chernivtsi, Ukraine, but with the collapse of Austria-Hungary he returned from Graz to Ljubljana, where preparations were underway to establish a university.
The University of Ljubljana was founded in 1919, and on 31 August 1919 Ramovš was among the first four full professors appointed at the institution. He was appointed a professor of Indo-European and Slavic linguistics and also taught accentology, general phonetics, Proto-Slavic, and comparative Indo-European grammar. In 1921, the son Primož (1921–1999), the later composer, was born to him.
Ramovš served as chancellor of the University of Ljubljana from 1934 to 1935. He was a co-founder and member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts and he served as the chair of the academy from 1950 to 1952. He received the Prešeren Award in 1950 for his work on the Slovenian normative guide (). He was an honorary member of the Slavic Society of Slovenia ().
Ramovš died 16 September 1952 in Ljubljana.
Commemoration.
The Fran Ramovš Institute of the Slovenian Language () is named after Ramovš.

</doc>
<doc id="36591692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591692" title="Society for the Preservation of Natural History Collections">
Society for the Preservation of Natural History Collections

The Society for the Preservation of Natural History Collections (abbreviated SPNHC, often pronounced "spinach") "is an international society whose mission is to improve the preservation, conservation and management of natural history collections to ensure their continuing value to society". 
Founded in 1985, the society was created to cater to the needs of those involved in the care, management and development of natural history collections. Society activities include annual meetings, the publication of a newsletter, and an active list-serv in which members consult one another about natural history collections management issues. The mission of SPNHC continues to grow, broadly encompassing archival materials such as field notes, and new and growing efforts in digitization and mobilization of collections resources.

</doc>
<doc id="36591702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591702" title="Van der Kellen">
Van der Kellen

van der Kellen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36591733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591733" title="Mellu-e Olya">
Mellu-e Olya

Mellu-e Olya (, also Romanized as Mellū-e ‘Olyā; also known as Mellū-e Bālā, Mallow, and Mallū) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 310, in 62 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591747" title="Colours of Time">
Colours of Time

Colours of Time is the sixth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel, released in 1980 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.

</doc>
<doc id="36591758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591758" title="Qandak">
Qandak

Qandak () is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591795" title="Etok">
Etok

Etok may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36591807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591807" title="DoneDeal">
DoneDeal

DoneDeal is an Irish company that operates DoneDeal.ie, a classified ads website in Ireland.
History.
DoneDeal was established in 2004 as an online classifieds website by husband and wife team Fred and Geraldine Karlsson. The founders were inspired to set up the site after returning to Ireland from Sweden where they had used similar websites. Initially the ads included their own belongings, before real users started placing ads.
By late 2008, DoneDeal was experiencing a notable growth in visitor figures – monthly visitors to the site had jumped from 175,000 per month in November 2007 to 561,000 in November 2008. The site became so popular in Ireland that €1bn worth of goods were sold through the site in 2011, a €300m increase from 2010. Following an independent ABC audit in 2011, it was found that DoneDeal had the most visited motoring classifieds website in Ireland. By late 2011 "DoneDeal" had become the fastest growing search term in Ireland for 2011 according to Google. Approx. 85,000 ads per month were placed on the site in 2011 and it can have approximately 160,000 active ads on the site at a time. Following an independent ABC audit in 2011, it was found that DoneDeal had the most visited motoring classifieds website in Ireland.
Business model.
While the site was free at the beginning to use, a €3 charge was introduced after about a year. The site featured a system where people could place ads and pay by calling a special number which would bill to their phone, as well as credit or debit card and PayPal account. 
The website also generates revenue from banner ads and one fifth of their 2009 revenue was from banner ads provided by Electric Media. In August 2009 it passed the 2 million monthly visitor mark, passing rival Gumtree. In January 2011, the ads on the website could also be seen on the Eircom website following the launch of a new classifieds channel on Eircom.net. DoneDeal’s revenues for the year ending April 2011 were just over €3 million. In 2012 the DoneDeal pricing model changed – with some ads reduced to €1 and others increased to €5. 
Schibsted Media Group took a 50.09% stake in the company in 2011. In 2012, the company announced a new CEO, John Warburton, who had previously been the DoneDeal’s COO.
Apps have played a part in the accessibility of DoneDeal with an iPhone app launched in 2011 followed by an Android app in 2012. DoneDeal ventured into television advertising for the first time in 2012 with a popular and amusing ad featuring a woman who sells her husband on DoneDeal. This was at a time where the number of monthly unique visitors to the site had increased to almost three million. 
DoneDeal has raised hundreds of thousands of euros for charity by donating a portion of ads to charities. The company is ABC audited and is a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36591813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591813" title="Hans Koller">
Hans Koller

Hans Koller (February 12, 1921, Vienna – December 21, 2003; Vienna) was an Austrian jazz tenor saxophonist and bandleader.
Koller attended the University of Vienna from 1936 to 1939 and served in the armed forces from 1940 to 1946. Following World War II he returned to Vienna and played with the Hot Club of Vienna; in 1950 he emigrated to Germany and formed a small ensemble there. In the 1950s he played with Freddie Brocksieper, Albert Mangelsdorff, Jutta Hipp, Dizzy Gillespie, Bill Russo, Lee Konitz, Stan Kenton, Eddie Sauter, Benny Goodman, Attila Zoller, Oscar Pettiford, Kenny Clarke, and Jimmy Pratt. From 1958 to 1965 he directed the jazz workshops of the Norddeutscher Rundfunk in Hamburg, returning to Vienna in 1970. Soon after he formed his own ensemble, Free Sound, and later that decade he worked with the International Brass Company.
In addition to his playing and bandleading, Koller also composed; among his original works are a ballet entitled "New York City", completed in 1968. Koller was also a recognized abstract painters.

</doc>
<doc id="36591829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591829" title="SKP Degree College">
SKP Degree College

Sri Kanyaka Parameshwari (SKP) Degree College, located in Guntakal in the sate of Andhra Pradesh, India, is a co-educational institute, run by the Government of Andhra Pradesh. The college was established in 1968 and is regarded as the second biggest college of Anantpur district. SKP Govt. Degree College Guntakal is affiliated to Sri Krishnadevaraya University and accredited with a “B+” grade certificate by NAAC. The college offers several undergraduate and post graduate courses in Arts and Science disciplines.
The college offers Under Graduate (UG) programs in the faculty of Arts, Science and Commerce, a Post Graduate (PG) program in Commerce. Of late the college has instituted four self-financing courses in science and one in commerce. The college is having 17 teaching departments in Biochemistry, Microbiology, Electronics, Computer Science, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Botany, Zoology, History, Economics, Political Science, English, Telugu, Hindi, Urdu and Commerce and common facilities such as central library, computer labs, sports grounds, and canteen.

</doc>
<doc id="36591830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591830" title="La Casa de Juan Bandini">
La Casa de Juan Bandini

Don Juan Bandini built his single story, thatched roof adobe between 1827-1829 on Old Town, San Diego plaza's southeast corner. The original structure had seven rooms, an entrance-way, and enclosed courtyard, a corral, and several sheds. The Casa de Juan Bandini had features of Spanish Colonial architecture usually found only in California missions. During the 1840s, he added several enhancements such as pane-glass windows, a brick-lined patio with well, and a small, bathhouse to entice his daughters to visit his wife Refugio and him more frequently.
The Cosmopolitan Hotel and Stage Stop.
In 1869, ten years after Bandini's death the property passed to Albert Seeley. Seeley a stage master, converted the old adobe into an L-shapped Greek Revival hotel. He renovated the original first story, and added a wood framed second story and balconies. Albert Seeley sold his hotel in 1888. In the decade that followed the hotel was used as a rooming house, and converted for use as an Olive packing factory.
"The Miramar".
In 1928 Don Juan Bandini's Grandson, Cave J. Couts Jr., bought the property in order to restore it as a memorial to his mother Ysidora Bandini de Couts. Couts remodeled the residence in Steamboat Revival architecture style. By 1930 the building was wired for electricity, and gas. Cave J. Couts Jr. Ranames the building as, "The Miramar," hotel and restaurant.
The Miramar is sold to the State of California.
in 1945 James H. and Nora Cardwell purchased the Bandini property. During the 1950s their son Frank renovated the building into an upscale tourist motel. The Cardwells eventually sold the property to the state of California in 1968, the same year Old Town became a state historic park. The State of California and concessionaire Chef and restaurant owner Joseph Melluso came to an operating agreement. Under agreement the Hotel would receive necessary historical excavation, and restoration to the time period of The Cosmopolitan Hotel.
The Cosmopolitan Hotel.
The Cosmopolitan reopened for business as a Hotel and Restaurant July 21, 2010. By August 2011 Owner Joseph Melluso had sold a majority of ownership over to Catherine Miller. In July 2013, the Cosmo was taken over by Old Town Family Hospitality Corp. Owner and President Chuck Ross, who also operates two restaurants in Old Town San Diego State Historic Park – Casa de Reyes and Barra Barra Saloon. 
The Cosmopolitan and the paranormal.
The Cosmopolitan Hotel was featured on Episode 56 of "Ghost Adventures" which aired October 7, 2011 San Diego based Daniel Scott has also been involved with paranormal investigations at The Cosmopolitan Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="36591844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591844" title="Association of Systematics Collections">
Association of Systematics Collections

The Association of Systematics Collections (ASC) was "an international, non-profit organization of institutions that maintain biological collections." Founded in 1972, it was eventually subsumed by the Natural Science Collections Alliance. While active, this society held annual meetings, published a bimonthly newsletter, and published numerous reports on natural history collections and database management.

</doc>
<doc id="36591849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591849" title="Qandak-e Khurdeh Malkin">
Qandak-e Khurdeh Malkin

Qandak-e Khurdeh Malkin (, also Romanized as Qandaḵ-e Khūrdeh Mālḵīn) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 281, in 60 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591851" title="Caligola (music project)">
Caligola (music project)

Caligola is a worldwide network of artists founded in Northern Italy in the 1970´s, active in the underground of Stockholm (Sweden). In 2008, the artists' collective was joined by the two Swedish musicians Björn Dixgård and Gustaf Norén.
History.
The artists' collective, Caligola, was founded in the 1970s in Northern Italy. Her intention was to develop a worldwide collective of artists spanning diverse artistic genres to cooperatively create new art forms.
The name "Caligola" is derived from the Roman emperor Caligula who is most famous for his lavish, excessive style of living and his madness that reached its height when he made his favourite horse a Senator. Hence the two stallions in the music project’s logo, referring both to Caligula and music's sexual energy.
According to Gustaf Norén, the artists' collective Caligola is based on the idea of building a community; the black capes worn by performers represent the equality of artists and the renunciation of their differences. Their goal is to overcome conventions and borders and to expand and connect art in all its forms.
In 2008 Björn Dixgård and Gustaf Norén, the two frontmen of the Swedish rock band Mando Diao joined the International network of artists. The Swedish hip-hop producers "Masse and Salla Salazar (The Salazar Brothers TSB)", who are also members of the collective, produced Mando Diao's fifth album, “Give Me Fire” (2009) and, together with Dixgård and Norén, they launched the "Caligola music project" which was active in 2011 and 2012. In 2013, the project was put to an end.
Development.
The first public performance of Caligola took place at the after-show party of "Rock am Ring Festival" at the Nürburgring (Germany) in June 2011.
The project´s first release was the video "Sting Of Battle" on Dec. 8, 2011 and the eponymous single on December 27, 2011. 
"Forgive Forget", the second single from the album "Back To Earth", was released on February 24, 2012.
Following the two singles, the album "Back To Earth" was released on March 2, 2012. The album is an amalgamation of different musical genres: Pop, rock and soul, hip-hop, dancebeats, jazz, funk and electro.<br>
On November 2012, the re-release of "Back To Earth", "Back To Earth - Resurrection", containing eight new songs, was published.
Alongside the founders of the music project, artists Natty Silver (reggae), Agnes (pop), Per "Rusträk" Johansson (jazz saxophone), Nils Jansson (jazz trumpet), Oskar Bonde (drums, Johnossi), Bo Hansson and Janne Carlsson (jazz), LaGalyia Frazier (gospel) and Paul van Dyk (DJ) participated in the recording. Other artists contributing to the album are: May Yamani, Lovisa Inserra, Bernd Harbauer, Frederik Andersson, Carlos Barth, Paulo Arraiano, Julia Dufvenius, Daniel Haglund, Ulises Infante, Alexandra Kinga Fekete, Daniel Annbjer, Carl Johan Fogelklou, Marcelo Scorsese, Patrik Heikinpieti, Natty Silver, Malin-My Nilsson, Chepe Salazar, Jonte Wentzel, Andrea Doria Smith, Robert Bendrik, Krippe Ibaceta, Martina Montelius, Teresa Sida, Anders Marcus, Mathias Steur, Murray Trider, Danielle Turano, Saga Berlin, Ronny Burnout, Eva Millberg, Agnes Carlsson, Peter Eggers, Johannes Persson, Björn Andersson, Christopher Wollter, Sören Jensen, Chatrin Melander, Jan Carlsson, Erika Johansson and Channarong Khammuk.
Caligola began its first tour performing at festivals and events in Germany, Sweden, Switzerland, Luxembourg and Austria.
At shows, the constant members forming the band - Björn Dixgård, Gustaf Norén, Salla and Masse Salazar and Natty Silver, were joined by Mando Diao members Carl Johan Fogelklou and Mats Björke and were also performing as "Mando Diao DJ Set" or "Caligola DJ Set" auf.
In September 2012, the Swedish hiphop singer "Lazee" was presented as new member of the performing group.
In 2012, in cooperation with "Paul van Dyk", Caligola recorded a dancefloor version of the song "Violetta’s Dance" and released it under the name of "If You Want My Love" on van Dyk´s album "Evolution".
Achievements and awards.
The single "Forgive Forget" reached "gold status in Germany" on May 24, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36591853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591853" title="Nguyễn Tiến Nhật">
Nguyễn Tiến Nhật

Nguyễn Tiến Nhật (born April 5, 1990 in Ho Chi Minh City) is a Vietnamese épée fencer. He is right-handed.
He was flagbearer for Vietnam at the Olympics opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics on July 27, 2012.
He competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's épée event.

</doc>
<doc id="36591854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591854" title="Freddie Brocksieper">
Freddie Brocksieper

Freddie Brocksieper (August 24, 1912 - 1990) was a Turkey-born German drummer and bandleader.
Brocksieper was born in Constantinople but was playing professionally in Germany by 1930, working in Nuremberg and Berlin in the 1930s. During World War II he played with the Goldene Sieben, Benny De Weille, Willy Berking, and the radio orchestra of Lutz Templin. He recorded with his own ensembles, both large and small, in the later 1940s; he performed for American GIs in Stuttgart, Munich, and Berlin.
Brocksieper continued performing in the 1960s and 1970s, and was awarded a Deutscher Schallplattenpreis in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36591856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591856" title="Moral and National Education">
Moral and National Education

Moral and national education (MNE, ) is a school curriculum proposed by the Education Bureau of Hong Kong, transformed from the current moral and civic education (MCE, ).
Background.
Moral and civic education was one of the four key tasks in the 2001 curriculum reform undertaken by the Education and Manpower Bureau (superseded by the Education Bureau in 2007), and its framework was revised by the Education Bureau in 2008. On 13 October 2010, Chief Executive Donald Tsang stated in the "Policy Address 2010-2011" that moral and national education would replace MCE in order to "strengthen national education". The government planned to introduce the new subject in primary schools in 2012 and secondary schools in 2013, and carried out a four-month consultation in 2011. Following the opposition from the public, the government postponed the commencement of the subject by introducing a three-year trial run period, such that the schools were allowed to commence the latest in 2015.
Curriculum.
According to the revised "Moral and National Education Curriculum Guide (Primary 1 to Secondary 6)" (MNE Guide) published in June 2012, the subject has the following aims:
Controversy.
Necessity.
Education Bureau (EB), states that Moral, Civic and National Education is an essential element of whole-person education which aims at fostering students' positive values and attitudes through the school curriculum and the provision of diversified learning experiences. It also develops students' ability to analyse and judge issues relating to personal, family, social, national and global issues at different developmental stages, and enhances their willingness to make commitment and contribution.
Since 2001, Moral and Civic Education has been accorded as one of the four Key Tasks under the Curriculum Reform to cultivate students' positive values and attitudes (Priority values include "Perseverance", "Respect for Others", "Responsibility", "National Identity" and "Commitment"). It has been suggested "life event" exemplars being used as learning contexts to enable students to realise positive values.
The Hong Kong Professional Teachers' Union (PTU)an organization formed by different levels of teachers, stated that MNE is unnecessary according to their speculations, as the original civic education curriculum had already contained "national education". Its vice-president Cheung Man-kwong claims that introduction of MNE is a political action ordered by the central government of the People's Republic of China.
Neutrality of teaching materials.
The "China Model National Conditions Teaching Manual", published by the National Education Services Centre under government fundings, was found to be biased towards the Communist Party of China and the so-called "China model". The teaching manual called the Communist Party an "advanced, selfless and united ruling group" (進步、無私與團結的執政集團), while denouncing Democratic and Republican Parties of the United States as a "fierce inter-party rivalry makes the people suffer" (政黨惡鬥，人民當災). The minister for Education Eddie Ng defended that even though the teaching manual is biased, the subject should not be valued more broadly.
Pressure groups and protests.
"Scholarism — The Alliance Against Moral & National Education" (later renamed "Scholarism", 學民思潮) was founded by a group of secondary school students on 29 May 2011, with no political affiliations. Scholarism is the first pressure group formed and has become the leading organisation against MNE. The group is known for being one of the few organisations that protested outside the Central Government Liaison Office after the 1 July March of 2012. 
Another prominent pressure group, the National Education Parents' Concern Group (Parents' Concern Group, 國民教育家長關注組) was formed in July 2012. The group issued a petition opposing to MNE, initiated by Cardinal Joseph Zen, Ching Cheong, Allen Lee and 27 other public figures, and co-signed by more than 1000 parents. 
In July 2012, the "Civil Alliance Against the National Education" (民間反對國民教育科大聯盟) was formed by 15 organisations, including Scholarism, Parents' Concern Group, PTU, Hong Kong Federation of Students, Alliance Youth, Civil Human Rights Front and others. 
On 29 July 2012, 30 organisations protested in a march. According to the organisers, more than 90000 protestors, including many parents with their children, participated in the march.
Members of the student activist group Scholarism (學民思潮) began their occupation of the Hong Kong government headquarters on 30 August 2012. Fifty members occupied the public park beneath the government offices, of which three began a hunger strike. The goal of the protest was, expressly, to force the government to retract its plans to introduce Moral and National Education as a compulsory subject. The initial planned length of the occupation was three days. On 1 September, an open concert was held as part of the protest, with an attendance of 40,000; guest performers at the protest include RubberBand, C AllStar, Wong Ka Keung, Anthony Wong and others. During the event the three hunger-strikers ended their hunger strike, and were succeeded by a team of ten other hunger-strikers.
The occupation of the government headquarters area exceeded the initial three-day duration, and on 3 September 2012 the Civil Alliance Against National Education announced that they would continue their occupation of the government headquarters area indefinitely. On 7 September, up to 120,000 attendees, including retired legislator Martin Lee, Cardinal Joseph Zen and businessman Jimmy Lai, attended the demonstration outside the government headquarters, filling the entire North Admiralty area; police said there were 36,000 attendees at 9.30 pm.
In mid-September 2012, Anonymous hackers threatened the Hong Kong government organization National Education Services Centre. In their online video, Anonymous members claimed responsibility for leaking classified government documents and taking down the National Education Centre website after the Hong Kong government repeatedly ignored months of wide-scale protests against the establishment the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="36591857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591857" title="Herpes of the eye">
Herpes of the eye

Herpetic simplex keratitis is a form of keratitis caused by recurrent herpes simplex virus in cornea. Herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection is very common in humans:
Signs and symptoms.
Primary infection.
Primary infection most commonly manifests as blepharoconjunctivitis i.e. infection of lids and conjunctiva that heals without scarring. Lid vesicles and conjunctivitis are seen in primary infection. Corneal involvement is rarely seen in primary infection.
Recurrent eye infection.
Recurrent herpes of the eye is caused by reactivation of the virus in a latently infected sensory ganglion, transport of the virus down the nerve axon to sensory nerve endings, and subsequent infection of ocular surface.
The following classification of herpes simplex keratitis is important for understanding this disease:
Dendritic ulcer (Epithelial keratitis).
This classic herpetic lesion consists of a linear branching corneal ulcer (dendritic ulcer). During eye exam the defect is examined after staining with fluorescein dye. The underlying cornea has minimal inflammation.
Patients with epithelial keratitis complain of foreign-body sensation, light sensitivity, redness and blurred vision.
Focal or diffuse reduction in corneal sensation develops following recurrent epithelial keratitis.
In immune deficient patients or with the use of corticosteroids the ulcer may become large and in these cases it is called geographic ulcer.
Disciform keratitis (Stromal keratitis).
Stromal keratitis manifests as a disc-shaped area of corneal edema. Longstanding corneal edema leads to permanent scarring and is the major cause of decreased vision associated with HSV.
Localized endotheliis (localized inflammation of corneal endothelial layer) is the cause of disciform keratitis.
Cause.
HSV is a double-stranded DNA virus that has icosahedral capsid. HSV-1 infections are found more commonly in the oral area and HSV-2 in the genital area.
Diagnosis.
A specific clinical diagnosis of HSV as the cause of dendritic keratitis can usually be made by ophthalmologists based on the presence of characteristic clinical features. Diagnostic testing is seldom needed because of its classic clinical features and is not useful in stromal keratitis as there is usually no live virus. Laboratory tests are indicated in complicated cases when the clinical diagnosis is uncertain and in all cases of suspected neonatal herpes infection:
Treatment.
Treatment of herpes of the eye is different based on its presentation: epithelial keratitis is caused by live virus while stromal disease is an immune response and metaherpetic ulcer results from inability of the corneal epithelium to heal:
Epithelial keratitis.
Epithelial keratitis is treated with topical antivirals, which are very effective with low incidence of resistance. Treatment of the disease with topical antivirals generally should be continued for 10– 14 days. Aciclovir ophthalmic ointment and Trifluridine eye drops have similar effectiveness but are more effective than Idoxuridine and Vidarabine eye drops. Oral acyclovir is as effective as topical antivirals for treating epithelial keratitis, and it has the advantage of no eye surface toxicity. For this reason, oral therapy is preferred by some ophthalmologists.
Ganciclovir and brivudine treatments were found to be equally as effective as acyclovir in a systematic review.
Valacyclovir, a pro-drug of acyclovir likely to be just as effective for ocular disease, can cause thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura/Hemolytic-uremic syndrome in severely immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS; thus, it must be used with caution if the immune status is unknown.
Topical corticosteroids are contraindicated in the presence of active herpetic epithelial keratitis; patients with this disease who are using systemic corticosteroids for other indications should be treated aggressively with systemic antiviral therapy.
Interferon, either used alone or with debridement, was shown to be an effective treatment option, especially at higher concentrations.
Stromal keratitis.
Herpetic stromal keratitis is treated initially with prednisolone drops every 2 hours
accompanied by a prophylactic antiviral drug: either topical antiviral or an oral agent such as acyclovir or valacyclovir. The prednisolone drops are tapered every 1–2 weeks depending on the degree of clinical improvement. Topical antiviral medications are not absorbed by the cornea through an intact epithelium, but orally administered acyclovir penetrates an intact cornea and anterior chamber. In this context, oral acyclovir might benefit the deep corneal inflammation of disciform keratitis.
Metaherpetic ulcer.
Treatment includes artificial tears and eye lubricants, stopping toxic medications, performing punctal occlusion, bandage contact lens and amniotic membrane transplant. These measures intend to improve corneal epithelial healing.

</doc>
<doc id="36591862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591862" title="The Veer Union (EP)">
The Veer Union (EP)

The Veer Union is an EP by Canadian alternative rock band The Veer Union. Is the first release before their debut album Against the Grain and it contains alternate versions of songs on their debut album, and unreleased songs as well.
Track listing.
All songs written by The Veer Union.

</doc>
<doc id="36591865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591865" title="Shahdabad">
Shahdabad

Shahdabad (, also Romanized as Shahdābād and Shāhtābād) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 908, in 202 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591882" title="Shahrestanak, Torbat-e Jam">
Shahrestanak, Torbat-e Jam

Shahrestanak (, also Romanized as Shahrestānak; also known as Shahrābād) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 829, in 184 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591921" title="Cook Islands mythology">
Cook Islands mythology

Cook Islands mythology comprises historical myths, legends, and folklore passed down by the ancient Cook Islanders over many generations. Many of the Cook Islands legends were recited through ancient songs and chants. The Cook Islands myths and legends have similarities to general Polynesian mythology, which developed over the centuries into its own unique character.
Creation myth.
In Cook Islands creation myth, the universe was conceived of as being like the hollow of a vast coconut shell, the interior of this imaginary shell being Avaiki, the under world, and the outer side of the shell as the upper world of mortals. At various depths there are floors of different levels, or lands, which communicate with each other. At the very bottom of this coconut is a thick stem tapering to a point, which represents the beginning of all things. This point is the dwelling of a spirit without human form called Te aka ia Roe (The root of all existence). The entire fabric of the universe is constantly sustained by this primary being. Above this extreme point is Te tangaengae (Breathing) or Te vaerua (Life) this being is stout and stronger than the former one. The thickest part of the stem is Te manava roa (The long lived) the third and last of the primary, ever-stationary, sentient spirits, who together form the foundation, permanence, and well-being of the rest of the universe.
We now advance into the interior of the supposed coconut shell, the lowest part of Avaiki, where the sides of the shell almost meet, there lives a goddess of flesh and blood called Varima te takere (The very beginning). Her territory is very narrow, so much so that her knees touch her chin, no other position being possible. Varima te takere was very anxious for progeny. One day she plucked off part of her right side, like a fruit from a tree, and it became the first human being, the first man Avatea (or Vatea). He became the father of gods and men, having the right half of a man and the left half a fish, split down the middle. The land assigned by the Great Mother to Avatea was called Te paparairai (The thin land). Varima te takere continued to pluck from her body more pieces of flesh, from which more children were created, the right side of her body created gods, and from her left side of her body she created goddesses.

</doc>
<doc id="36591923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591923" title="John Punch">
John Punch

John Punch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36591925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591925" title="Seydabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Seydabad, Torbat-e Jam

Seyyedabad (, also Romanized as Seyyedābād) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591934" title="Samiabad-e Arbab Din Mohammad">
Samiabad-e Arbab Din Mohammad

Samiabad-e Arbab Din Mohammad (, also Romanized as Samī‘ābād-e Arbāb Dīn Moḩammad) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,408, in 314 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591943" title="Samiabad-e Hajji Aman">
Samiabad-e Hajji Aman

Samiabad-e Hajji Aman (, also Romanized as Samī‘ābād-e Ḩājjī Amān; also known as Ḩājjī Amān) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 60 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36591944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591944" title="Goldene Sieben">
Goldene Sieben

The Goldene Sieben ("Golden Seven") was a German jazz ensemble.
The Goldene Sieben was created in 1934 as the house band for the Berlin-based label Electrola. Henri Rene picked its initial members from noted local ensembles, but by 1935 the group was led by Georg Haentzschel. The group was broadcast on radio, though its contract forbade them from performing live. They appeared in the 1937 film "Heimweh" and recorded extensively.

</doc>
<doc id="36591962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591962" title="Massawippi River">
Massawippi River

The Massawippi River is a river in the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada. It is a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River.
Toponomy.
The hamlet of Massawippi was founded in 1800 by Loyalists. The name Massawippi could come from the Algonquin term "nasawipi" which means "between the waters". ("Nasaw" for between or middle and "nipi" for water.) The term could also come from Abenaki and mean "much clear water." Although the two versions may exist, several places in the area are named by the words used by the Abenaki such as Magog, Lake Memphremagog, Coaticook and Mégantic.
Geography.
The Massawippi River has its origins in Lake Massawippi and flows north into the Saint François River in the Lennoxville borough of Sherbrooke. 
Tourism.
An old railway track transformed into a bike path runs along the Massawippi River. The bike path is part of the Route Verte.

</doc>
<doc id="36591968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591968" title="Samiabad">
Samiabad

Samiabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36591995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36591995" title="Benny de Weille">
Benny de Weille

Benny de Weille (March 6, 1915, Lübeck - December 17, 1977, Westerland) was a German swing jazz clarinetist and bandleader.
De Weille studied clarinet under Hans Helmke and was heavily influenced by Benny Goodman, whom he often emulated in his own ensembles. He made recordings with Teddy Stauffer, Hans Rehmstedt, and Willy Berking in the 1930s and 1940s, and from 1940 led his own "Bar Trio". Following the war he worked at Radio Frankfurt and conducted the Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk orchestra. His last recordings were in a Dixieland style in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36592025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592025" title="T-League">
T-League

The T-League (known as the Victory League for sponsorship reasons) is an Australian football (soccer) state-wide league competition which is played in Tasmania. The league is a subdivision of the National Premier Leagues and commenced in 2013 with eight teams.
Nationally the league sits below the A-League and above the Tasmanian Regional Premiership competitions, although no promotion or relegation exists between any of these leagues. Football Federation Tasmania have expressed an interest in a possible future promotion/relegation between the T-League and regional premierships in a similar manner to the current English Conference National competition with supporters suggesting a simple system of replacing the lowest Northern or Southern based clubs with the winner of the corresponding Northern Premier League and Southern Premier League. 
History.
The league was formed in 2012 by Football Federation Tasmania and the first season commenced in 2013.
Sponsorship.
The official sponsor for the league is A-League club Melbourne Victory. Jemsz has been announced as the official provider of apparel. Tasmanian Redline is the official sponsor for transport.

</doc>
<doc id="36592051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592051" title="Lutz Templin">
Lutz Templin

Ludwig "Lutz" Templin (June 18, 1901, Düsseldorf - March 7, 1973, Stuttgart) was a German jazz bandleader.
Templin played violin and saxophone, and studied composition before finding work playing and arranging in dance ensembles. From 1941 to 1949 he led a big band in Germany which recorded extensively and was broadcast on German radio. This ensemble also recorded as "Charlie and His Orchestra", doing arrangements of American jazz hits with propagandistic lyrics inserted; these were broadcast on Nazi radio stations. Templin's ensemble operated out of Berlin until 1943, when Allied bombing resulted in their relocation to Stuttgart. Templin remained in Stuttgart after the war and continued performing there for most of the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="36592055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592055" title="2012–13 Atlantic 10 Conference men's basketball season">
2012–13 Atlantic 10 Conference men's basketball season

The 2012–13 Atlantic 10 Conference men's basketball season marks the 37th season of Atlantic 10 Conference basketball. The season marks the first for new members Butler and VCU, and the last for departing members Temple and Charlotte. The 2013 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament will be held for the first time at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.
Preseason.
Prior to the season, the Atlantic 10 welcomed new members, Butler and VCU. The two schools joined the conference immediately, rather than waiting a season as Butler initially intended, because they "weren't going to be allowed to play in the respective conference tournaments." With the addition of these programs, the conference sits at 16 teams for one year, yet the conference slate stayed at 16 games. "The league had to be creative with its schedule knowing that it would be for only one season. Every team will play each team once with one rivalry game twice."
The conference moved the conference tournament to the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York, after six seasons in Atlantic City. Analysts predict "the league's Big Apple debut might result in a record number of bids for this stacked conference." The contract lasts for five years. "I just think it's going to be a rebirth of college basketball in New York," said Fordham coach Tom Pecora, who was born in the borough. 
For the 2012–13 season, Butler lost Ronald Nored to graduation and Chrishawn Hopkins to a violation of team rules, but returned nearly every other significant player and added key players in transfer Rotnei Clarke and freshman Kellen Dunham. 
Charlotte's Chris Braswell "might be the best big man in the league, and the 49ers have a good recruiting class entering the fold." Dayton's frontcourt garnered press for its depth, with Kevin Dillard returning as point guard, along with transfers Vee Sanford and Matt Derenbecker. 
"Va. Tech transfer Tyrone Garland joins a loaded perimeter group" at La Salle, and Massachusetts "could be a title threat" with point guard Chaz Williams, who returned along with three other starters following a run to the NIT semifinals. 
2012 A10 tournament champion Saint Bonaventure faced potential struggle after the loss of Andrew Nicholson, who "was a dominant force throughout his career." However, the Bonnies returned Marquise Simmons and Michael Davenport from injuries. Saint Joseph's returned everyone "from a team that was in the mix for an NCAA bid until late." 
Saint Louis was the favorite among many analysts because, although it lost Brian Conklin, the team returned Kwamain Mitchell and "locks down on D." The Billikens are without coach Rick Majerus, who "is taking a leave of absence for health reasons." Majerus died on December 1, 2012, prompting Commissioner Bernadette McGlade's statement, "The entire Atlantic 10 family is grieving tonight over the loss of coach Majerus. His undeniable knowledge and love of the game was known to all, and he was an excellent teacher committed to the student-athlete. This passion made his impact on A-10 basketball over the past five years immeasurable. He will be missed at Saint Louis , within the A-10 and nationally; our prayers and condolences are with coach Majerus’
family and the Saint Louis University community." 
Perpetual favorites Temple and Xavier both lost "key weapons" but neither were expected to have a "huge drop" as Temple's "Scootie Randall will be healthy Khalif Wyatt is back" and Xavier adds Semaj Christon and Isaiah Philmore. However, Xavier lost all of its starters and half of its "highly regarded recruiting class (Myles Davis and Jalen Reynolds) to academic issues."
CBS analyst Jeff Borzello noted that "It will be interesting to see how VCU adjusts in its first year. With that said, the Rams return many of their weapons from last season." However, the rams do not have freshmen recruits Mo Alie-Cox and Jordan Burgess, who "is considered a top 100 recruit," as the school announced they were only partial qualifiers by the NCAA and thus were not be eligible to compete until at least the 2013–14 season.
Atlantic 10 preseason poll.
Source
Atlantic 10 preseason teams.
Source
Conference Previews.
Several media outlets projected the final Atlantic 10 Conference standings for the 2012–13 season:
Regular Season.
A-10 vs. other conferences.
"As of 12/3/2012"
Weekly honors.
Throughout the conference regular season, the Atlantic 10 offices name a player of the week and rookie of the week each Monday.
Butler's Roosevelt Jones was named the Oscar Robertson National Player of the Week on January 21, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36592073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592073" title="Kurt Hohenberger">
Kurt Hohenberger

Kurt Hohenberger (ca. 1908, Stuttgart - July 15, 1979, Kernenstetten) was a German jazz trumpeter.
Hohenberger was a member of the Goldene Sieben from 1934 to 1939, and he performed and recorded with his own group in Berlin, which held a residence at the Quartier Latin club from 1937 to 1943. He also worked with Oscar Joost, Peter Kreuder, Teddy Stauffer, Peter Igelhoff, Willy Berking, and Bimbo Weiland during the same period, both live and on recordings. Hohenberger did a stint in the military late in World War II and following this recorded with a swing big band in the late 1940s. From 1949-1951 he lived in Brazil, then returned to Germany and recorded again as a bandleader. His last performances were in the late 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="36592086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592086" title="Carlos Tuimavave">
Carlos Tuimavave

Carlos Tuimavave (born 10 January 1992) is a New Zealand-Samoan professional rugby league footballer for the New Zealand Warriors of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays five-eighth, fullback and centre.
Early years.
Tuimavave attended St. Patricks School and Sacred Heart College, both in east Auckland. He played his junior football with the Mt. Wellington Warriors rugby league club.
Playing career.
When he was 16, Tuimavave moved to Sydney, Australia after being signed by the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs.
Becoming homesick, Tuimavave was offered the chance to join the New Zealand Warriors NYC squad in 2010. He played for the Warriors' NYC team from 2010 to 2012, playing in both the Warriors' 2010 and 2011 Grand Final victories. Forming a halves partnership with Shaun Johnson, Tuimavave was named the Man of the Match in the 2010 Grand Final and also won the Warriors' Young NYC Player of the Year award. In 2012, he became the club's sixth player to appear in 50 NYC matches.
At the end of 2011 and 2012, Tuimavave was named at five-eighth in both the 2011 and 2012 NYC Teams of the Year.
In Round 22 of the 2012 NRL season, Tuimavave made his NRL debut for the New Zealand Warriors against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, becoming the 177th player to play for the Warriors. He came on the field after 20 minutes filling in for the injured five-eighth, James Maloney.
At the end of 2012, Tuimavave, was named one of the top ten young players of 2012 in a recent article by Lifestyle Uncut.
In June 2014, Tuimavave signed a 2-year contract with the Newcastle Knights starting in 2015.
Representative career.
Tuimavave has played for the New Zealand Under 18s team.
In 2010, 2011 and 2012, Tuimavave played for the Junior Kiwis.
In 2013, Tuimavave elected to play for Samoa at senior level and made his international debut in the 36-4 Pacific Rugby League International loss to Tonga.
In May 2014, Tuimavave played for Samoa in the 2014 Pacific Rugby League International. He scored a try in Samoa's 32-16 test-match win.
Personal life.
Tuimavave is a cousin of former New Zealand Warriors, Newcastle Knights and Hull Kingston Rovers player, Evarn Tuimavave, and nephew of former New Zealand and Samoan internationals, Tony Tuimavave and Paddy Tuimavave.

</doc>
<doc id="36592113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592113" title="Big Creek Hydroelectric Project">
Big Creek Hydroelectric Project

The Big Creek Hydroelectric Project is an extensive hydroelectric power scheme on the upper San Joaquin River system, in the Sierra Nevada of central California. The project is owned and operated by Southern California Edison (SCE). The use and reuse of the waters of the San Joaquin River, its South Fork, and the namesake of the project, Big Creek – over a vertical drop of – have over the years inspired a nickname, "The Hardest Working Water in the World".
The primary purpose of the project was to provide electric power for the fast-growing city of Los Angeles. California engineer John S. Eastwood was the principal designer of the system, which was initially funded and built by Henry E. Huntington's Pacific Light and Power Company (PL&P). Construction of the system's facilities started in 1911, and the first power was transmitted to Los Angeles in 1913. After SCE acquired PL&P in 1917, the system was gradually expanded to its present size, with the last powerhouse coming on line in 1987. Today, these facilities include 27 dams, miles of underground tunnels, and 24 generating units in nine powerhouses with a total installed capacity of more than 1,000 megawatts (MW). Its six major reservoirs have a combined storage capacity of more than .
Today, the Big Creek project generates nearly 4 billion kilowatt hours (KWh) per year – about 90 percent of SCE's total hydroelectric power, or about 20 percent of SCE's total generating capacity. Big Creek accounts for 12 percent of all the hydroelectric power produced in California. The Big Creek reservoirs also provide irrigation and flood control benefits for the Central Valley, and are popular recreation areas. However, the project has had various environmental and social impacts, including the disruption of fish and animal migration, and the flooding of historical sites and traditional Native American lands.
Background.
The Big Creek Project was the vision of California engineer John S. Eastwood, who first surveyed the upper San Joaquin River system in the late 1880s and mapped potential sites for reservoirs and hydroelectric plants. In 1895, Eastwood became chief engineer at the San Joaquin Electric Company which made an effort to develop a hydroelectric project on the North Fork of the San Joaquin River. However, they lacked the capital to build a storage dam and when a drought hit, the North Fork dried up, leading to the financial failure of that project.
Eastwood was undaunted by the failure and founded his own Mammoth Power Company which intended to generate power by creating a rockfill dam on the main stem of the San Joaquin. However, investors balked at the massive potential costs of this project (the tunnel required to carry water to the power station would be long) and by 1901 Eastwood ceased to promote this plan. Following this, Eastwood began to draw up much grander plans for a hydroelectric system encompassing the entire upper San Joaquin River basin. Instead of a single large power plant – which would require an extensive tunnel and a big dam – he decided to split the system into a series of smaller reservoirs, where power would be generated in a stairstep fashion. This time, he finally found an investor willing to fund the audacious project.
In 1902 Eastwood took his plans to William G. Kerckhoff, a Southern California businessman who was affiliated with Henry Huntington, a wealthy developer and power magnate from Los Angeles. Huntington was the founder of the Pacific Light and Power Company (PL&P), which was struggling to boost its generating capacity due to fast growth in Los Angeles and its suburbs, especially due to the new interurban electric light rail system that consumed some 80% of the region's power by the early 1900s. Hydroelectricity was seen as an attractively cheap alternative to thermal power stations, and the San Joaquin River was the only river close and large enough to Los Angeles to generate the kind of power Huntington envisioned. Although Huntington was initially skeptical of the feasibility of the project, he was impressed by Eastwood's studies and hired him to PL&P granting him 5,400 shares in return for making a thorough survey and a final plan for the hydroelectric system. Eastwood conducted these surveys between 1902 and 1905.
PL&P immediately began filing claims for San Joaquin water rights. However, construction was postponed for many years because the company's directors thought that the project would generate far more power than was needed at the time and emphasized development of more thermal plants. By 1905, Eastwood had developed his initial proposal for the system, consisting of a large reservoir and two powerhouses along Big Creek, a major tributary of the San Joaquin. During this time Eastwood pioneered the design of the multiple-arch dam; he would later become renowned for the building of this type of dam across the West.
By 1907, PL&P was almost ready to begin construction, but was further set back by the Panic of 1907. Then in 1910, Huntington, for reasons still not clearly known, fired Eastwood as chief engineer. This may have been because of conflicts over their respective shares of control or profit from the project. Also, the company's investors were doubtful of the safety of Eastwood's multiple-arch dam proposal and wanted to change to primarily gravity dams. However, "they may simply have viewed him as a mere technician who had performed his function at Big Creek and was no longer needed." Then in 1912 Eastwood was removed from PL&P altogether when Huntington assessed all shares valued at $5 in order to finance the project. Eastwood was unable to pay his resulting $27,000 assessment and was forced to give up his stake. Nevertheless, PL&P retained his original plans for the project.
Construction.
Financing and groundwork.
PL&P began construction on the Big Creek Project in February 1910. Huntington placed George Ward in charge of the project and hired the Boston engineering firm Stone & Webster to oversee construction. PL&P issued an initial $10 million bond measure to finance the project. However, by October 1911 only $2.5 million of bonds had been sold. The company was forced to compromise and sold the remaining bonds at 85 percent value to a syndicate formed by investment bankers William Salomon & Co.
Huntington had to convince farmers in the San Joaquin Valley – including the Miller & Lux Corporation, run by land barons Henry Miller and Charles Lux, who owned nearly a in the valley – that the dams would increase rather than decrease the amount of water available for their use. In August 1906, PL&P brokered an agreement with Miller & Lux, which allowed them to build storage reservoirs in the San Joaquin River system "in return for a guaranteed, regular streamflow through Miller & Lux's lands".
Transportation of workers and materials to the construction site posed the first major challenge. The only available method of transport was by mule team, but this would prove slow and expensive, so the decision was made to build a railway instead. The rail line, known as the San Joaquin and Eastern Railroad, would split off from the Southern Pacific main line at El Prado (about northeast of Fresno) and carve its way deep into the Sierra Nevada, to the company town of Big Creek.
Construction of the railroad began on February 5, 1912. Winding its way up the San Joaquin River Canyon, the railroad – featuring 1,078 curves, 43 bridges and 255 grades of up to 5.2 percent – was nicknamed the "Slow, Jerky and Expensive". The final mile (1.6 km) was known as the "Miracle Mile" because it reportedly cost over $1 million to construct. The railroad was completed by July 1912, in a record 157 days. Due to its steep grades and sharp curves (up to 60 degrees) it was serviced by geared Shay locomotives, built by the Ohio Lima Locomotive Works.
First phase, 1913–1914.
Work on the dams and powerhouses themselves started in the summer of 1912, with the construction of three concrete dams – Big Creek Nos. 1, 2 and 3 – which would hold back a large reservoir, Huntington Lake. Situated at nearly above sea level, Huntington would store water from Big Creek to power two hydroelectric plants in the canyon thousands of feet below. These plants, Big Creek Powerhouse No. 1 and No. 2, would be located on two small forebay dams known as Dam 4 and Dam 5. By late summer, the workforce had grown to about 3,500 men spread across twelve camps in the High Sierra. Work proceeded at a rapid pace because of the tight budget: the project had to start producing electricity so as to pay for itself before the company's funds ran out. The budget was further strained because the gravity dams required much more concrete to build than the originally proposed multiple-arch design.
On January 7, 1913 a strike began as workers protested the harsh working conditions and an insufficient food supply. PL&P responded by firing nearly 2,000 strikers and hiring an entire new workforce; however, this caused significant delays in construction. Powerhouse No. 1 did not come online until October 14, 1913. Powerhouse No. 2, located further downstream, would have been completed three days later but for a fire that heavily damaged the building, delaying completion until December 8. Although the details are uncertain, this is believed to have been a case of arson.
In November 1913, PL&P's Redondo generating plant in Los Angeles suffered a failure, and on November 8 the company made the decision to switch to Big Creek power for the first time. The transmission of was one of the longest in the world at the time. The difficulty of the engineering work on Big Creek was compared to that of the Panama Canal, which was also under construction at the time.
As World War I began, construction temporarily ceased on the project, with little activity between 1914 and 1919. However, work did begin on a tunnel to the future Big Creek Powerhouse No. 3, though only a fraction of the tunnel was excavated. PL&P merged into Southern California Edison (SCE) in 1917 as Huntington worked to consolidate energy interests in Southern California.
Second phase, 1921–1929.
Interest in expanding the project resumed with the economic boom after the war. In 1919, the dams at Huntington Lake were raised and a fourth constructed to increase the lake's capacity. Further proposals for project expansion were ready by October 1920 and approved on January 20, 1921. The proposed expansions would involve increasing the capacity of the powerhouses by diverting water from other streams in the upper San Joaquin River system. The first new component to be constructed was Big Creek Powerhouse No. 8, which took advantage of the final elevation drop between Powerhouse No. 2 and Big Creek's confluence with the San Joaquin River.
In 1923, Dam 6 was completed, located on the San Joaquin River just below its confluence with Big Creek. The dam forms a small reservoir that serves as the afterbay for Powerhouse 8. Construction of this concrete arch dam was exceedingly difficult due to the narrowness of the canyon and the large flow of the San Joaquin River. During foundation pouring, the entire flow of the river had to be carried in a flume suspended along the precipitous side of the canyon.
1923 also saw the completion of Powerhouse No. 3 – the next step below Powerhouse 8, using the combined flows of Big Creek and the San Joaquin River – came online, and was billed as the "electrical giant of the West" – it was the largest hydroelectric plant in the West, capable of generating 75 megawatts, a huge amount at the time. Also completed in 1923 was the conversion of Big Creek's power transmission system from 150kV to 220kV – the highest commercial voltage in the world at the time. By 1925, Powerhouses Nos. 1 and 2 were expanded in preparation for an influx of diverted water from the South Fork San Joaquin River, a stream much larger than Big Creek that descends from the main crest of the Sierra several miles to the east of Huntington Lake.
The South Fork diversion delivered its first water on April 13, 1925 through the Ward Tunnel, which diverted water from the river near Jackass Meadows and into Huntington Lake. Work on a dam at Jackass Meadows began in 1925 to ensure a year-round water supply for the diversion. The Florence Lake Dam was completed in 1926, forming Florence Lake; the dam was built using Eastwood's multiple-arch design. In 1927, the Mono-Bear diversions were completed, drawing water from two eastern tributaries of the South Fork, Mono Creek and Bear Creek. A huge siphon was built in order to carry the water across the deep valley of the South Fork to join with the Ward Tunnel.
Although the diversions greatly increased the amount of water available for hydroelectric generation, the existing reservoirs were limited in their capacity to store that water. The combined capacity of Huntington and Florence Lakes was much smaller than the annual runoff of the upper San Joaquin River system. As a result, a dam was built on Stevenson Creek between 1925–1927, forming Shaver Lake, to store excess water from Huntington. The lake replaced an earlier reservoir built in the valley by the Fresno Flume and Lumber Company to store water for a timber operation. Huntington Lake was then connected to Shaver by a tunnel. Although the elevation differential between the lakes was great – more than – no power station was installed here at the time.
In 1926 work began on Big Creek Powerhouse No. 2A, which would generate power from water released from Shaver Lake. The powerhouse was so named because it was actually an extension of the Powerhouse No. 2 building, and it would discharge into the same forebay reservoir (Dam 5) on Big Creek. Powerhouse 2A was the last major component to be constructed during Phase 2, with the exception of an expansion to Powerhouse 8 in 1929. Most of the construction camps had been taken down by the end of 1926.
More than 5,000 people worked on the project during the peak of Phase 2 construction. Safety regulations during the construction of the second phase were much stricter than during Phase 1, in no small part due to a deadly accident in 1924, when a worker was killed after being sucked into a turbine by an unintended release of water. SCE also invested in improving civic and educational facilities in its company towns. Nonetheless, continued difficult conditions led to a 40 percent monthly turnover rate in the workforce.
The second phase expansions increased the generating capacity by six times – from 70 to 425 megawatts. Annual generation rose from 213 GWh in 1914 to 1,600 GWh in 1928, a nearly eightfold increase. By this time, Big Creek provided 70–90 percent of the power used in the Los Angeles area, a distinction it would hold well into the 1940s.
With the onset of the Great Depression in the 1930s, construction once again stopped. In 1933, most of the Big Creek railroad – which had carried 400,000 tons of goods during its 21 years of operation – was dismantled and sold for scrap. The original railbed was then used as a road.
Third phase, 1948–1960.
After the end of World War II, construction resumed in earnest in 1948, starting with an expansion of Powerhouse No. 3. In July 1949, construction began on Redinger Dam, located at the outlet of Powerhouse 3, and the Big Creek Powerhouse No. 4. By 1951, these facilities were completed, forming the lowermost and farthest-downstream unit of the Big Creek project. Powerhouse 4 came online between June and July of that year.
In the 1950s, SCE added further generating capacity by building the project's two largest dams, starting with Vermilion Valley Dam on Mono Creek in 1953. By October 1954, this enormous long earthen dam, made of 5.3 million cubic yards (4.05 million m3) of material, was completed. The dam was dedicated on the 75th anniversary of Thomas Edison's invention of the electric lightbulb, so the reservoir was named Lake Thomas A. Edison in his honor. Although the dam itself has no power generating capacity, its primary purpose is to store floodwaters from Mono Creek for later release into the Mono-Bear Diversion and Ward Tunnel, increasing power generation at downstream plants during the dry season.
With the development of new low-head turbines, a small powerhouse at the outlet of Ward Tunnel was planned in 1954. The Portal Powerhouse, built from 1954–1955, is located just above Huntington Lake. The powerhouse is unique because it is actually not contained in a building, and is controlled automatically unlike the other powerhouses at Big Creek.
In early 1958, work began on Mammoth Pool Dam, located on the main San Joaquin River above the confluence of Big Creek. By October 17, 1959, this high rockfill dam – the tallest dam of the project, also containing nearly as much material as Vermilion Dam – was completed, and on March 28, 1960, the Mammoth Pool Powerhouse, located at Dam 6 near Powerhouse 8, came online.
The third phase ended with the completion of Mammoth Pool, and by this time the Big Creek Project was almost fundamentally complete.
Fourth phase, 1983–1987.
The biggest powerhouse at Big Creek was not actually built until the mid-1980s with the implementation of the Balsam Meadows Project. The Eastwood Powerhouse, with a capacity of nearly 200 MW, was built at the outlet of the diversion tunnel from Huntington to Shaver Lake. This powerhouse differs from the others at Big Creek because it is a pumped-storage operation. During times of low demand, the station draws water from Shaver Lake up to a small reservoir, the Balsam Meadows Forebay, located on the top of a nearby mountain. In addition, the power station is actually located in an artificial cavern underground, carved out of solid granite.
Completed in 1987, the Balsam Meadows project greatly increased the capability of Big Creek to generate peaking power, and finally brought generation capacity and production to its present level.
Big Creek today.
Big Creek consists of multiple closely interconnected projects, operating under seven Federal Energy Regulatory Commission licenses. The operations of the project are outlined below:

</doc>
<doc id="36592125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592125" title="Middlemount Airport">
Middlemount Airport

Middlemount Airport is located at Middlemount, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36592139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592139" title="Peter Kreuder">
Peter Kreuder

Peter Paul Kreuder (August 18, 1905 - June 28, 1981) was a German-Austrian pianist, composer and conductor. 
Life.
Kreuder was born in Aachen, the son of a "Kammersänger". He enrolled as a piano student at the Cologne Conservatory in 1910, where he performed his first concert one year later, and at music academies in Munich, Berlin and Hamburg. After World War I he worked as a composer of musical performances at the Hamburg Kammerspiele theatre, at the Munich Staatstheater am Gärtnerplatz, as well as of several "Kabarett" and revue productions. In the meantime he continued his studies, taking his exams at the Munich Academy of Music in 1924.
In 1925 he was employed as "Kapellmeister" at the Deutsches Theater München, and conducted theatre ensembles, first in Munich and then in Berlin, where he worked with Max Reinhardt. In 1930 he met with Friedrich Hollaender, whom he assisted arranging the musical score of Josef von Sternberg's film "The Blue Angel" starring Marlene Dietrich. During the 1930s and 40s he became one of the most sought-after German musical film composers; his credits run to some 150 movies. Several songs, performed by stars like Zarah Leander or Marika Rökk, are popular and covered up to today. 
Kreuder joined the Nazi Party in 1932, however, he resigned his membership in 1934. His compositions added to the intended development of a "German" light music genre as contrasted to the US big band style, though they contained a large deal of jazz and swing elements. He emigrated to Sweden in 1939, but returned to Germany two years later after threats against his relatives were launched by the Nazi authorities.
After World War II Kreuder adopted Austrian citizenship and conducted radio orchestras in Brazil and Argentina. He died in Salzburg and is buried in Munich Ostfriedhof, grave number 55-19-2.
In addition to his film work, Kreuder also wrote popular songs and art pieces, including a piano concerto, operettas, musicals, and two operas, "Der Zerissene" (1940) and "Der Postmeister" (1966). He wrote two memoirs, "Schön war die Zeit" (1955) and "Nur Puppen haben keine Tränen" (1971).

</doc>
<doc id="36592178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592178" title="Mount Gordon Airport">
Mount Gordon Airport

Mount Gordon Airport is serving the Mount Gordon Mine, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36592200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592200" title="Oratorio dell'Annunziata, Ferrara">
Oratorio dell'Annunziata, Ferrara

The oratorio dell'Annunziata (Oratory of the Virgin of the Annunciation), once called the Oratory of Sant'Apollinare or the Oratory of the Compagnia delle Morte, is found in via Borgo di Sotto 49 in Ferrara.
The small church or oratory has a simple facade, designed by Giovanni Battista Aleotti, but the interior is elegantly decorated with majestic frescoes depicting the "Story of the Cross" by Camillo Filippi, il Bastianino, Niccolò Roselli and il Dielaì. A fresco of the "Resurrection" (15th century) is from the school of Pisanello.

</doc>
<doc id="36592201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592201" title="Caleb Garling">
Caleb Garling

Caleb Garling is an American writer with "Wired" among other publications.
Early life.
He graduated with a degree in molecular, cellular and developmental biology from The University of Colorado at Boulder. In college, he made money as a fly fishing guide.
He plays the electric guitar.
Career.
He began as a neurology researcher for Harvard Medical School. He abandoned the pursuit of a medical degree and went on to work in strategy at startup software companies. Fed up with corporate life, he left to pursue writing and journalism.
He has written about technology, science, music and sports for "Wired".
He covered the case Oracle America, Inc. v. Google, Inc. and became known for his style of humor and clear explanations throughout the trial.
His review of Radiohead's album The King of Limbs garnered both support and criticism when he argued the band had dealt a death blow to the concept of the album.
Author.
He is an avid fly fisherman and the author of the book The St George's Angling Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36592213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592213" title="Kaladan Multi-modal Transit Transport Project">
Kaladan Multi-modal Transit Transport Project

Kaladan Multi-Modal Transit Transport Project is a project that will connect the eastern Indian seaport of Kolkata with Sittwe port in Myanmar by sea; it will then link Sittwe to Mizoram via river and road transport. The Project is scheduled for completion in 2014 according to Governor of Mizoram Vakkom Purushothaman. This project will reduce distance from Kolkata to Sittwee by approximately 1328 km and will reduce the need to transport good through the narrow Siliguri corridor, also known as ‘chicken’s neck,’. Initially India had tried to persuade Bangladesh to offer transport and transit rights to the northeastern states. However, Bangladesh has consistently refused to grant such rights, including access to its Chittagong port, which is less than 200 km away from Agartala, the capital of Tripura.
Technical Details.
The project is being piloted and funded by the Indian Ministry of External Affairs. The preliminary feasibility studies were carried out by Rail India Technical and Economic Services (RITES). Construction work on Site-tway port and the jetty in Paletwa, as well as the dredging work, will be executed by the Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI), with Essar Projects Ltd, a division of the Essar Group appointed in May 2010 as the main contractor. 
Kaladan Multi-Modal Transit Transport Project is at present facing problems such as underestimation of the road length in Myanmar and plans to construct hydro-electric projects — Chhimtuipui and Lungleng — on two tributaries of the Kaladan river followed by another project downstream. That the first two projects are being built by one public sector undertaking and the third is being constructed by another PSU has also led to coordination issues.Due to construction of this hydro electrical projects, Navigation of boats could be effected.

</doc>
<doc id="36592225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592225" title="Federico Sforza">
Federico Sforza

Federico Sforza (20 January 1603 - 24 May 1676) was an Italian Catholic cardinal.
Sforza was born in 1603, the son of Alessandro Sforza, 7th Count of Santa Fiora, Duke of Segni and Prince of Valmontone - and Eleonora Orsini.
In 1623 he became protonotary apostolic participante. In 1625 he was appointed governor of Terni and then of Cesena until 1626. Later he served as vice-legate in Avignon between 1637 and 1645.
Pope Innocent X, elected in 1644 and concerned that so noble a house as Sforza should go without a cardinal, decided Federico Sforza should "wear the purple". And so, Sforza was asked to return to Rome by Pope Innocent who elevated him to cardinal in 1645 and appointed him bishop of Rimini where he served for 11 years before resigning in 1656.
He participated in the conclave of 1655 which elected Pope Alexander VII and was later elected camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals 1659 until 1660. He participated in the conclave of 1667 which elected Pope Clement IX and the conclave of 1669-1670 which elected Pope Clement IX. 
In 1675 he was elected bishop of Tivoli but died on 24 May of the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="36592235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592235" title="Numbulwar Airport">
Numbulwar Airport

Numbulwar Airport is located west of Numbulwar, Northern Territory, Australia

</doc>
<doc id="36592257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592257" title="Gautham Karthik">
Gautham Karthik

Gautham Karthik is an Indian film actor, working in the Tamil film industry. He made his acting debut in Mani Ratnam's "Kadal" (2013).
Personal life.
Gautham Karthik was born to Tamil film actor Karthik Muthuraman and actress Ragini Karthik. He is the grandson of actor R. Muthuraman. He spent his growing years in Udhagamandalam and was graduating at Christ University, Bangalore, until film maker Mani Ratnam approached him. Before that, Gautham was not connected with the film industry. In college he performed as a guitarist and vocalist in his band 'Dead End Street'. He has two siblings, Ghayn Karthik and Thiran Karthik.
Career.
Reports as early as 2006 suggested that actor Karthik was interested in directing a film with his son in the lead role, though the project never took off. During a press meet in December 2009, Karthik revealed that his son, Gautham, would make his debut in Mani Ratnam's next venture after completion of Ratnam's bilingual films "Raavan" and "Raavanan". After a brief postponement and speculation, Mani Ratnam announced that Gautham would make his debut in "Kadal" in February 2012. Gautham revealed that he initially felt Ratnam had approached him to be a part of the technical crew and was surprised when he was handed the lead role. Gautham briefly took acting lessons from Kalairani and began to shoot for "Kadal" across regions in South India for close to a year. After the shootings were completed, he was introduced to the media at the music launch event for the Telugu version of the film in Hyderabad. The film opened in February 2013 to mixed reviews, though Gautham Karthik's performance of a deprived youngster caught in between the characters played by Arvind Swamy and Arjun was unanimously praised. A critic noted "Gautham delivers in his very first film. He scores in action as well as dance department too", while a reviewer from Rediff.com wrote that the actor "pulled it off with elan", labelling him as "a natural performer and is surely here to stay".
His second film, "Yennamo Yedho", a remake of the Telugu film, "Ala Modalaindi" released in April 2014 to mixed reviews, while Gautham's performance was praised by the critics.<br>
He is currently working in three films simultaneously, including a project with Aishwarya Dhanush in "Vai Raja Vai" opposite Priya Anand. He will also be seen in Saravanan's "Sippai" opposite Lakshmi Menon, while he has started shooting for " Indrajith", directed by Kalaprabhu, opposite debutante Sonarika Bhadoria. He has next signed up director Rajkumar's debut Tamil film and Vignesh Shivan's "Naanum Rowdydhaan" under Gautham Menon's production opposite Lavanya Tripathi and will soon start shooting for the respective projects.

</doc>
<doc id="36592272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592272" title="Oenpelli Airport">
Oenpelli Airport

Oenpelli Airport is located at Oenpelli, Northern Territory, Australia

</doc>
<doc id="36592275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592275" title="Simos Roumpoulakos">
Simos Roumpoulakos

Simos Roumpoulakos is a Greek footballer who plays for Panetolikos in the Greek Superleague, as Left Back .
Club career.
Previously he played for Kalamata F.C. and Triglia Rafinas in Greece secondary leagues. His transfer to PAS Giannina F.C. was a major achievement for his career after he moved from Football League 2 (Greece) to Greek Superleague . Also Greek giants AEK Athens F.C. were reported to be after him but he finally chose "Ajax of Epirous" as his next destination.
Roumpoulakos hasn`t played any international game yet but he is between two national teams Albania and Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="36592288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592288" title="Kodumbalur">
Kodumbalur

Kodumbalur (கொடும்பாளுர்) is a village in Tamil Nadu, India. It is the site of the Moovar Koil temple complex.

</doc>
<doc id="36592289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592289" title="Chris Jeon">
Chris Jeon

Chris Jeon is an American from Los Angeles, California. He is known for his participation in the Libyan civil war.
A college student at the time, Jeon used the time allotted to him during the traditional summer vacation to pursue his desire to witness history.

</doc>
<doc id="36592354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592354" title="Joe Taslim">
Joe Taslim

Johannes Taslim or Joe Taslim (born 23 June 1981) is an Indonesian model, actor, and former Judo athlete. He is best known for his role in "" and "Fast & Furious 6".
Martial art and sport career.
Taslim was born in Palembang, Indonesia. He was exposed to martial arts at an early age. His martial arts training includes Wushu, Judo, Taekwondo, Shotokan, Jujutsu and Pencak Silat. However, he found his passion in Judo and this led to his career as a professional Judo athlete. He won several gold medals in national championships, a gold medal at the 1999 South East Asia Judo championships, and a silver medal at the 2007 ASEAN Games. Taslim was a member of Indonesia Judo national team from 1997 to 2009, when an injury forced him to retire.
Acting career.
Taslim is active as a model and actor, appearing in magazines, TV commercials, and several Indonesian feature films. In 2010, Taslim won the role of Jaka, a sergeant in a special police squad, in the award-winning "", after a series of impressive fight auditions and reading. Following "The Raid", Taslim took part in HBO Asia's first action horror, "Dead Mine", which had a theatrical release in selected Asian territories in September 2012, followed by exclusive television premieres across the HBO Asia network.
Taslim appeared in the 2013 feature film "Fast & Furious 6", as the villainous Jah, a cold-blooded killer who uses his martial arts and parkour skills to fight 2 of the film's protagonists, Roman Pearce (Tyrese Gibson) and Han Seoul-Oh (Sung Kang).
In May 2013, it was reported that Taslim would star in The Night Comes For Us.

</doc>
<doc id="36592356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592356" title="TinderBox (proposal software)">
TinderBox (proposal software)

TinderBox is a global enterprise software company best known for its web-based proposal management software. Proposal management software is becoming increasingly popular in companies that manage frequent and extensive proposal writing projects. Such software allows businesses to automate the more routine tasks while easily tracking multiple versions.
TinderBox is a web-based tool that can help with proposal generation by automating the creation, management, and tracking of your proposals. 
TinderBox sells its software as a service (SaaS) application for businesses to manage all aspects of proposal creation including: writing, formatting, management, approvals, redlining, and tracking all from within one simple online interface.
History.
Established in January 2010 in Indianapolis, Indiana, TinderBox has become a provider of proposal management and content management solutions for companies large and small. The three TinderBox founders started the company based on similar experiences with the inefficient proposal process in other organizations they have worked in.
End users access TinderBox’s cloud-based application through a web browser while the businesses marketing content and user data is stored on servers. Proponents claim that TinderBox allows enterprises to get their sales teams to adopt Salesforce.com, improve manageability, reduce time spent generating proposals by 75%, and increase the close rate by 50%.
Recognition.
TinderBox made Entrepreneur Magazine’s List of “100 Brilliant Companies” in 2012 was named the “IT Startup of the Year” by Techpoint’s Mira Awards in 2012, and was selected as one of the first recipients of the “Indiana Innovation Awards” in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36592371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592371" title="James Boggs (general)">
James Boggs (general)

James Boggs (April 8, 1796  – January 28, 1862) was a brigadier general in the Virginia militia, who served along with the Confederate States Army in northwestern Virginia at various times during 1861 and early 1862 in the American Civil War. Boggs's men participated in Stonewall Jackson's attacks on the towns of Romney and Bath, later Berkeley Springs, now in West Virginia in early January 1862. Debilitated from his responsibilities and the harsh winter weather at his advanced age, Boggs's health failed and he died on January 28, 1862.
Prior to the civil war, Boggs had been a farmer and slave owner, county justice, county sheriff, merchant and a member of the Virginia General Assembly in 1861–1862.
Early life.
James Boggs was born in County Down, Ireland on April 8, 1796. His parents were John and Margaret (Kee) Boggs. He was the oldest of seven children. The Boggs family moved to western Virginia in 1807.
Boggs owned a large farm in Pendleton County, Virginia, now West Virginia, and had seventeen slaves to operate it. He was engaged in politics over the years, holding the office of county sheriff in 1843, being a justice of the county in 1842 and again from 1852 to 1862 and being a state representative in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1861 to 1862. He became a prosperous merchant in Franklin, Virginia, now West Virginia, mainly occupied in that business by 1860.
American Civil War service.
Boggs was a brigadier general of the 18th Brigade in the Virginia militia at the outbreak of the civil war. As Virginia forces were organized into the Provisional Army of Virginia prior to their incorporation in the Confederate States Army, Boggs became a brigadier general in that force between April 27, 1861 and June 8, 1861 when it was incorporated into the Confederate Army. Boggs remained with the Virginia militia forces, commanding a brigade in the Valley District in May 1861. 
After a quiet period, Boggs's men were called for duty in November 1861. The call was met with some resistance because of the divided loyalties of the population in western Virginia. Boggs himself had a brother who became a captain in the Union Army. Boggs had to request help from the Confederate Army to get the men from the area to report for militia duty. As troops gathered, Boggs was once again in command of the small brigade in the Valley District.
Stonewall Jackson then ordered the local militia, including Boggs's brigade and those of James Harvey Carson and Gilbert S. Meem, to report to Winchester, Virginia for training. After a short time, parts of the brigade went to Moorefield, Virginia, now West Virginia, to fight Union home guard militia units. In early January, Jackson moved against the Union held towns of Romney and Bath (Berkeley Springs) and occupied those towns. Boggs's men protected Jackson's left flank along the Potomac River south of Romney. After Jackson took possession of the area, Boggs's men were split into smaller units which took shelter and were placed on guard duty in the South Branch Valley area.
On February 3, 1862, under orders of January 30, 1862 from the Confederate States Secretary of War Judah P. Benjamin, the garrison left by Jackson to hold Romney departed for Winchester, Virginia because of its vulnerable location and a build-up of Union troops intent on retaking the town. The Union force re-entered the town without opposition on February 6, 1862.
Death.
By the end of 1861, the 65-year old Boggs was worn out by his responsibilities, campaigning and harsh winter weather. After his troops were deployed for the winter guard duty and shelter after the capture of Romney, Boggs returned to his home in Pendleton County, where he died on January 28, 1862. He was buried in Mount Hiser Cemetery in Franklin, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36592402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592402" title="GOST R Conformity Declaration">
GOST R Conformity Declaration

GOST R Conformity Declaration appears to be the document that proves the conformity of production to legal quality and safety requirements for this kind of production.
The Difference between Declaration and Certificate.
The GOST R Conformity Declaration has the similar legal power as the Conformity Certificate. The difference between these two documents consists in different subjects of responsibility. By issuing the conformity Certificate for production the burden of responsibility for its safety proof is given to the certification organ that issued the document. While the drawing up the Conformity Declarations means that the responsibility for proof of safety of production by the given document is given to an individual entrepreneur or the director of the organization that signed the Declaration. After the Conformity Declaration has been drawn up it is registered in certification organs and has the same legal power as the Conformity Certificate.
The goods to be declared.
The goods to be declared are listed in the “List of production to be obligatory declared”. Among them:
The peculiarities of the Conformity Declaration.
Drawing up the Conformity Declaration has its own peculiarities. For example, the receiver of the declaration may be only Russian legal entity. These include Russian customers or buyers of foreign production, importers as well as the organizations that are registered as legal entities and represent the interests of the corresponding foreign manufacturers (official distributors, dealers, etc.) The GOST R Conformity Declaration may be drawn up for the period from 1 to 3 years.
The required documents.
In the case of the second certification it is recommended to provide the earlier made domestic and foreign conformity certificates, product catalogs and others.

</doc>
<doc id="36592436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592436" title="Battle of Peshawar (disambiguation)">
Battle of Peshawar (disambiguation)

Battle of Peshawar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36592438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592438" title="2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open – Women's Singles">
2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open – Women's Singles

Aleksandra Wozniak was the defending champion, but qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Mallory Burdette won the title, defeating Jessica Pegula 6–3, 6–0 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36592441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592441" title="Kamp (Bad Doberan)">
Kamp (Bad Doberan)

The Kamp is a triangular, lime-fringed park, about two hectares in area, which was laid out in 1800 in the centre of the small German town of Bad Doberan. In the 19th century, the Kamp was the social hub of the Doberan, because it was surrounded by the most prestigious buildings in the town.
History.
In 1793, following the foundation of Germany's first seaside resort in Heiligendamm, the Duke of Mecklenburg, Frederick Francis I, pressed ahead with the development of Doberan (the name was changed to Bad Doberan in the 1920s) as his ducal summer residence. As well as being the residence of the Duke and his court, Doberan also became the meeting place for the social elite of the state. Whilst Heiligendamm attracted visitors with its bathing establishments, Doberan drew them mainly with its variety of amusements and social events. But the town need to be further developed. The triangular cow pasture situated in front of the "Logierhaus" was fenced off with barriers, footpaths were laid and it was turned into a park. Thus, the Kamp became the centre of Doberan. A restauranteur from Milan, Gaetano Medini, offered food in a tent, and concerts by the Duke's orchestra were held here. The Kamp was festively illuminated during the bathing season and there were firework displays. Since the original thatched houses of Doberan's villagers were not in keeping with the image of a ducal summer residence, the Duke forbade their construction and paid subsidies for the construction of tiled houses. With the engagement of Carl Theodor Severin, an architect, in 1802, several prestigious buildings were erected around the Kamp, including a theatre, the "Logierhaus", a palace and a salon building ("Salongebäude").
Red Pavilion.
In spring 1808 the tents and wooden stalls on the Kamp were so dilapidated that the duke ordered the construction of a permanent building "in the shape of a funnel". The prototype was supposed to have been a building that Frederick Francis had seen during his Danish exile near Altona. Severin changed the drawing given to him, but kept the basic idea. On 17 May 1808 construction began and was completed in time for the start of the bathing season. The octagonal building represents a link between Classicism and Chinoiserie. The external shape of the building has been preserved, by contrast the interior was completely destroyed.
Originally the Red or Little Pavilion ("Roter" or "Kleiner Pavillon") was used as a bar and music stage. Today it acts as a modern art gallery sponsured by the Red Pavilion Art Society ("Kunstverein Roter Pavillon"). The exhibitions mainly contain works by regional artists.
White Pavilion.
In 1810 Severin was supposed to have been contracted for the construction of a large music pavilion and other shopping pavilions, that were to be rented for income. Due to a lack of finance the work was constantly delayed. In 1812 Severin had to complete the shops at the behest of the duke. They were built rather hastily in order to ensure they could be rented during the bathing season. Their final completion was carried out in 1813, together with the White Pavilion ("Weißer Pavillon"). The shopping pavilions were demolished in 1860 as they were no longer used.
The White Pavilion, also referred to in the literature as the Great Pavilion ("Großer Pavillon"), was built on the northern side of the Kamp. Above the ground floor, a second floor was built as a belvedere with an all-round balcony. The floor plan is an elongated octagon, in which there is an oval room of 14.5 metres by 10.4 metres. Around the building runs a walkway with 24 columns. The ceiling of the hall is vaulted. The interior was partially restored during renovations in 1974-1976.
Today the White Pavilion is used as a café.

</doc>
<doc id="36592448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592448" title="Mammadbeyov">
Mammadbeyov

Mammadbeyov (, also Mammadbeyova for females, sometimes encountered in Russified spelling Mamedbekov) is a surname of people of Azeri origin, which consists of three elements: "Mammad" (reduced form of the male name Mahammad), "bey", a title of a chief or a landowner, and the Russian ending "-ov".
It is the name of a noble family of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="36592459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592459" title="Sixth and a Half Avenue">
Sixth and a Half Avenue

__NOTOC__
Sixth and a Half Avenue (6 Avenue) is a north-south pedestrian avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, running from West 57th Street to West 51st Street between Sixth Avenue and Seventh Avenue. The pedestrian-only avenue is a quarter-mile corridor of privately owned public spaces, such as open-access lobbies and canopied space, which are open except at night. There are stop signs and stop ahead signs at 6 crossings between 51st and 56th streets. The mid-block crossing at 57th street is equipped with a traffic light. At the crosswalk areas, there are sidewalk pedestrian ramps with textured surface and flexible delineators to prevent vehicles parking in the areas. Each intersection along the thoroughfare has street sign that reads ""6½ Av"" and the name of the cross street to officially mark the street name. The mid-block stop signs are unusual for Manhattan, and the avenue name involving fractions is a new idea for the numbered street system of New York City.
History.
In 2011, the Friends of Privately Owned Public Spaces proposed a creation of a six-block pathway from 51st to 57th streets that would be mid-block of Sixth and Seventh avenues to ease pedestrian traffics. The proposal called for connecting public spaces in the area that were not known to most pedestrians into a pedestrian corridor and called it Holly Whyte Way. The idea was presented to the board and the board in turn sent a formal request to New York City Department of Transportation (NYCDOT) in May 2011. The group also organized an event in October 2011 to boost awareness of the shortcut while the study was on going.
In March 2012, NYCDOT announced the plan with a list of improvements to construct it as a new pedestrian-only avenue. The $60,000 project was completed in July 2012.
Criticism.
Some drivers have complained after the installation of the new stop signs with concerns about traffic jams. Many drivers have also driven past the stop signs and the crosswalks without stopping, which could be a safety issue for pedestrians.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="36592466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592466" title="Lunarfox">
Lunarfox

Caelan James (born March 9, 1994), publicly known as lunarfox is an up-and-coming Electro House producer from, Vancouver, British Columbia He is ranked inside the top 50 DJ's in Canada. Lunarfox released his first single Jupiter Station in 2011 and his first EP Arcturus will release in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36592469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592469" title="Earthy (Kenny Burrell album)">
Earthy (Kenny Burrell album)

Earthy is an album by the Prestige All Stars nominally led by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
The Allmusic site awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Dazzling stints by Kenny Burrell (g), Art Farmer (tpt), and Mal Waldron (p) on otherwise standard cuts".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36592536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592536" title="Capture of Orizaba">
Capture of Orizaba

The Capture of Orizaba was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred on 28 October 1812 at Orizaba, Veracruz. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, commanded by General José Antonio Andrade, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire, commanded by José María Morelos y Pavón. The battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican rebels.
Context.
José María Morelos had by this time in the war, made it his goal to conquer the mountainous region of south east Mexico. This was made difficult because such a conquest also involved taking the more heavily defended Spanish cities of Acapulco and Oaxaca. To accomplish his objectives, he moved to cut off communications between Mexico City and the port at Veracruz. To accomplish this, Morelos had to occupy the city of Puebla or Orizaba as both these cities fell between these objectives.
While based in Tehuacán, Morelos reviewed the defenses at Orizaba and decided that its capture would be the most strategically viable of the two. He decided on Orizaba also in part because of the large sums of money and property in the city belonging to the Viceroyalty of New Spain.
Morelos marched from Tehuacán on 25 October with his army which was made up of around 10,000 soldiers. The column reached Orizaba on 28 October 1812. The city was defended by a garrison of around 600 Spanish loyalists commanded by Colonel José Antonio Andrade. In an effort to avoid a battle with such lopsided odds, Morelos sent a representative to discuss terms of surrender with the defending Spanish garrison who promptly refused his offer.
The Battle.
After the rejection of his offer of surrender, the insurgent forces advanced upon the city until arriving at the city Bartizan where Colonel Andrande had made his defensive stand. The rebel forces were there met with a strong barrage of artillery and musket fire causing relatively high casualties. Morelos retreated from his initial attack and again gathered his forces together while he waited for his soldiers from Santa Catarina and San Cristóbal to get into their strategic positions of attack. Morelos ordered General Hermenegildo Galeana to commence a frontal attack on the city. Morelos took direct command of the Santa Catarina column with which he was able to successfully take the Cerro del Borrego, one of the high ground areas surrounding the city. From this cerro, he commenced an artillery barrage of the city plaza. The loyalist colonel, José Antonio Andrade, caught in the crossfire between Galeana and Morelos, retreated from the city around 11:00 am when Morelos was finally able to enter in the wake of the Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="36592539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592539" title="2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open – Women's Doubles">
2012 Odlum Brown Vancouver Open – Women's Doubles

Karolína Plíšková and Kristýna Plíšková were the defending champions, but both are participating in the 2012 Citi Open.
Julia Glushko and Olivia Rogowska won the title defeating Jacqueline Cako and Natalie Pluskota in the final 6–4, 5–7, [10–7].

</doc>
<doc id="36592568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592568" title="Manmohan Krishna">
Manmohan Krishna

Manmohan Krishna (February 26, 1922 - November 3, 1990) often credited as Manmohan was a popular Indian film actor and director, who worked in Hindi films for four decades, mostly as a character actor. Anchored radio show Cadbury's Phulwari, a singing contest. He was favourite with the Chopra brothers and played small or big roles in movies, directed and/or produced by them. 'Deewar', 'Trishul', 'Daag', 'Humraz', 'Joshila', 'Kanoon', 'Kala Patthar', 'Dhool Ka Phool', 'Waqt', 'Naya Daur' etc., are the examples to prove this.
He worked in nearly 250 films, notably "Naya Daur" (1957), "Sadhana" (1958), "Waqt" (1965) and "Hamraaz" (1967) He won acclaimed for his work in "Bees Saal Baad" (1962) and won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Abdul Rasheed in "Dhool Ka Phool" (1960), where the song epitomizing Nehruvian secularism, "Tu Hindu banega na Musalman banega, insaan ki aulaad hai, insaan banega" was picturized on him. Besides this, he also acted in 12 Punjabi films, played a pivotal role in, K. A. Abbas's "Shehar Aur Sapna" (1963), which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film, and acted in the first Indo-Soviet co-production, "Pardesi" (1957), which was nominated for the Golden Palm at 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
Towards his later career he directed, hit film for Yash Raj Films, "Noorie" (1980) for which he was also nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Director.
He died at Lokmanya Tilak Hospital, Mumbai at the age of 68.
Selected filmography.
as ;Director

</doc>
<doc id="36592584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592584" title="Fabrizio Savelli">
Fabrizio Savelli

Fabrizio Savelli (1607 - 26 February 1659) was an Italian military leader, commander of papal troops and, later, a Catholic Cardinal.
Early life.
Savelli was born in 1607 of the House of Savelli which included Pope Honorius IV (1285 - 1287). He was the nephew of Cardinal Giulio Savelli and the uncle of Cardinal Paolo Savelli. As a young man he received military training and later commanded troops in a number of regional conflicts.
During the First War of Castro, Savelli was given the title of "Generalissimo" and was put in command of a contingent of papal troops fighting the Dukes of Parma. However, according to contemporary John Bargrave, Savelli had great respect for the Dukes and also believed Pope Urban VIII would not live long and so the war was futile. As a result, Savelli moved his troops slowly and was hesitant to engage in battle. Pope Urban relieved Savelli of his command and appointed his nephew, Taddeo Barberini, in Savelli's place.
Ecclesiastic career.
Savelli, though, was not severely punished. Instead, he was brought back to Rome and in 1642, he was elected Archbishop of Salerno with dispensation for not having yet received the presbyterate. He was consecrated in October of that year, in Rome by Cardinal Alessandro Cesarini.
Thereafter he was named nuncio in Poland.
Savelli was made cardinal in the consistory of 7 October 1647. He was named legate in Bologna in 1648 and then legate in Ravenna and Ferrara. He participated in the papal conclave of 1655 which elected Pope Alexander VII. 
He became Minister of Poland before the Holy See in 1658 and died in February of the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="36592603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592603" title="List of Robot and Monster episodes">
List of Robot and Monster episodes

The following is a list of episodes in the Nickelodeon CGI animated TV series "Robot and Monster". Working at the Blinking Light Factory is basic for Mechanicals and Organics, but Robot and Monster make an odd couple, since Robot is serious and Monster is always goofy, but that does not keep them from being best friends. They do everything together, such as testing gadgets out, dreaming of J.D. & Spitfire, taking care of their pet Marf, avoiding the annoying Ogo, their landlord Mr. Wheelie, and Robot's arrogant brother Gart, and eating tons of bacon. The series premiered on Saturday August 4, 2012. In December 2012, the series was taken off the network (aside from several reruns on Nickelodeon at 7:00 AM), leaving 4 episodes (6 segments and a half-hour episode) unaired. This left only 3 episodes (4 segments and a half-hour episode) unaired. The entire series (including the unaired episodes) will be released on DVD sometime in 2014.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36592616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592616" title="Century Mine">
Century Mine

Century Mine is a large open cut zinc, lead and silver mine near Mount Isa in North West Queensland, Australia. It is Australia’s largest open pit zinc mine. The mine was owned by Pasminco, then Zinifex, then OZ Minerals and then sold to MMG Century which belongs to Minmetals Resources.
Development of the mine commenced in 1997, previously being used for grazing purposes.
Zinc and lead concentrate is exported via the port at Karumba on the Gulf of Carpentaria. The zinc is especially prized because of its low iron content. The concentrate is mixed with water and transported to the port by a 304 kilometre pipeline.
It is expected to be exhausted by 2016. The mine is serviced by the Century Mine Airport.
During the 2009 wet season contaminants including cadmium, zinc and dissolved sulfate were discharged from the mine into nearby Page Creek. MMG Century was fined $130,000 for the breach.

</doc>
<doc id="36592622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592622" title="Walter Miller (rugby league)">
Walter Miller (rugby league)

Walter Miller was a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#95), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 1.
Playing career.
Miller represented New Zealand on their 1913 tour of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36592638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592638" title="Samsung Galaxy Beam i8530">
Samsung Galaxy Beam i8530

The Samsung Galaxy Beam i8530 (also known as the Galaxy Beam) is a smartphone produced by Samsung. Its main feature is a built-in DLP nHD projector at up to in size at 15 lumens.
In February 2012 the i8530 Galaxy Beam was presented at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. An update to the newer version of Android 4.1 aka Jelly Bean is planned.

</doc>
<doc id="36592642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592642" title="Bate family">
Bate family

The Bate family is an Australian political family:

</doc>
<doc id="36592659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592659" title="Shootout (1985 video game)">
Shootout (1985 video game)

Gameplay.
Player controls with two buttons and an 8-way joystick. One button shoots the gun, the other allows the player to jump enemy bullets and other attacks. The 8-way joystick is used to specify the direction of movement, pointing down to crouch and the different up directions to indicate angle of the shot. At the start of the game, player must practice in the target practice room, then play through the next 7 stages to beat the game; however, the game will loop after the 7th stage is completed. In stages 1 thru 8, the object is to shoot a certain number of criminals and avoid shooting civilians. If the player is hit by an enemy or if the player shoots a civilian, the player will lose a life. When all lives are lost, the game ends. Besides criminals and civilians, some objects in the backgrounds of the seven stages can be shot to earn extra points, such as amusement park rides and signs.
Tech Specs.
Main CPU : M6502 (@ 2 MHz)
Sound CPU : M6502 (@ 1.5 MHz)
Sound Chips : YM2203 (@ 1.5 MHz)
Screen orientation : Horizontal
Video resolution : 256 x 240 pixels
Screen refresh : 60.00 Hz
Palette Colors : 256
Players : 2
Control : 8-way joystick
Buttons : 2

</doc>
<doc id="36592687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592687" title="VirtueMart">
VirtueMart

VirtueMart (formerly known as mambo-phpShop) is an open source e-commerce solution designed as an extension of the Mambo or Joomla! content management systems (CMS). VirtueMart is written in PHP and requires the MySQL database environment for storage. It is best suited for low to medium level traffic web-sites.
History.
VirtueMart began as off shoot of the stand-alone phpShop e-commerce web application. Originally dubbed mambo-phpShop it became the first substantial native e-commerce component for the Mambo CMS system. After the community forked Mambo into Joomla, the developer re-branded mambo-phpShop as VirtueMart, officially supporting the newer Joomla CMS. While current implementations may still function with Mambo CMS, and older editions of mambo-phpShop are still available to download, they are no longer actively supported.
In September 2009 a new team began developing VirtueMart 2. The new version was released in December 2011. In October 2012 the developer team declared the end of life for VirtueMart 1.1 and that VirtueMart 2 is not any longer maintaining joomla 1.5 compatibility.
Features.
VirtueMart supports an unlimited number of products and categories, with products able to be assigned to multiple categories. It also permits the sale of downloadable products, and offers a catalog mode where the shopping cart features are turned off. VirtueMart supports multiple prices for a single product, based around shopper groups or a quantity range, and permits the use of a variety of different payment gateways.
Because VirtueMart is an open source e-commerce solution all the application code is openly visible in PHP. This allows PHP developers to view, update or customize the operation of the shopping cart. In addition VirtueMart itself offers simplified templates (called 'fly pages' in VirtueMart) structure that allows various shopping and cart page(s) to be edited as standard html and css.
Notably new to VirtueMart 1.1.0 was the inclusion of the ability to quickly change themes for category, product, checkout and cart pages. The cart is also integrated with Rapid 3.0, which enables transaction data to be sent directly from the customer's browser to the payment gateway without passing through the merchant's systems. 
Virtuemart is supported by an iPhone app by iVMStore.
Usage.
VirtueMart has been adopted by over 269,000 online retailers.
For the week of Sep 23rd 2013, Quantcast data collated by BuiltWith Trends indicated that VirtueMart ran on 1.47% of the top 10K sites, 3.25% of the top 100K sites, and 6.02% of the top million sites.
Requirements.
As VirtueMart is only a plugin for Joomla! / Mambo, it has the same system requirements.
Several other required supporting libraries or extensions include MySQL, XML and Zlib support built into PHP. Support for HTTPS (OpenSSL) and cURL is recommended.
Compatibility.
VirtueMart 1.1.x is compatible with Joomla 1.5.x. VirtueMart 2.0.x is compatible with Joomla 2.5.x.

</doc>
<doc id="36592696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592696" title="Ádám Farkas (footballer)">
Ádám Farkas (footballer)

Ádám Farkas (born 9 November 1987 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football forward player who plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus.
Career.
He made his Nemzeti Bajnokság I debut on 27 July 2012 in a 4–2 defeat to Szombathelyi Haladás
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 15 September 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="36592706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592706" title="Ronald Vere Tooley">
Ronald Vere Tooley

Ronald Vere Tooley (1898 London - 12 October 1986) was a famous London map dealer, an authority on early maps and cartographers, a noted compiler of catalogues on maps, cartography and antiquarian books, author of "Maps and Map-makers", and founder of the Map Collectors' Circle which published a series of monographs on historical cartography in the period 1963-1975. He is considered the founder of the antiquarian map trade.
Career.
Tooley was born and raised in London, and educated at the City of London School. Towards the end of World War I he enlisted in the Queen’s Westminster Rifles. After his basic training he left for France and took part in the Battle of Cambrai, where he was one of 120 survivors from an initial force of 400 men. On being demobilised in 1919 and having no definite career plans, he came across an illustrated catalogue of antiquarian books, published by James Tregaskis of Great Russell Street. The idea of working in the bookselling field appealed to him, and armed with a letter of introduction he made the acquaintance of Francis Edwards Ltd., and was summarily employed.
After World War I the book trade enjoyed a time of relative prosperity, but with the Wall Street collapse in 1929, economic depression hit the commercial sector in many countries, the secondhand book trade being no exception. In the 1930s Tooley left Francis Edwards Ltd and opened The Atlas Bookshop, just off Charing Cross Road, and started dealing almost exclusively in antiquarian maps. Between 1932 and 1934 he collaborated with a Mr M. Sinelnikoff of Orion Booksellers Ltd. Sinelnikoff’s passion was old maps, charts and globes, and with Tooley's interest, a fertile conjunction of scholarly minds was created. Tooley had always been interested in Colour Plate books, and in 1935 Batsford published his first book on the subject "Some English Books with Coloured Plates". When The Atlas Bookshop closed in 1936 Tooley started work at the Parker Gallery in Albemarle Street - the firm specialising in military and sporting prints as well as old maps. With the outbreak of World War II in 1939 Tooley found work as a telephone operator, but still worked with old books and maps in his spare time.
In 1946 the management of Francis Edwards Ltd, keenly aware of Tooley's considerable business expertise and knowledge of old maps, invited him to rejoin the firm. Here he continued his research, spending long hours in the Map Room of the British Museum. His talents soon led to his being appointed a director of the firm. In 1949 his second book "Maps & Map-makers" was published, praised as a sound introduction and guide to a complex field, and running to many editions. Tooley retired from Francis Edwards Ltd in 1975 and four years later started dealing on his own account under the name "Tooley's", which later became "Tooley Adams & Co" when Douglas Adams joined him. Together they developed the firm into one of the leading antique map dealers, supplying maps to dealers, museums and libraries all over the world.
"The Map Collector’s Series" is widely regarded as the greatest of Tooley's achievements. The idea of producing a series of monographs on maps was first discussed in 1960 with Robert Stockwell. The interest generated by this idea was widespread and led to The Map Collector’s Circle being formed in April 1963 under Tooley and David Schrire. The series was acclaimed throughout the world, and seen as an important contribution to cartography. It also led to the founding of the Carta Press, aimed at publishing authoritative works on cartography. The first publication, in 1968, was "Maps of the African Continent and Southern Africa", and was followed in 1970 by "County Atlases of the British Isles" by R.A. Skelton of the Map Room of the British Museum. "The Map Collector" magazine was started by Tooley in 1977 when the Map Collector’s Circle ceased publishing. Each issue of "The Map Collector" consisted of articles and information provided by respected authorities, collectors and dealers.
Appreciation.
In his 75th year Tooley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society. The festschrift "My Head is a Map" was compiled in 1973 for his 75th birthday by Helen Wallis and Sarah Tyacke, both Map Librarians from the British Library and celebrated his contributions to the world of antiquarian maps.

</doc>
<doc id="36592751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592751" title="Airlines Reporting Corporation">
Airlines Reporting Corporation

The Airlines Reporting Corporation (ARC) serves the travel industry by providing ticket transaction settlement services between airlines and travel agencies (both traditional and online) and the travel management companies that sell their products in the United States. ARC, which is owned by nine major airlines, also offers its transactional data within various industries, including financial, to help them gain better insight into the airline industry. ARC assists more than 9,400 travel agencies with 15,000 points of sale and 191 airlines to easily engage in commerce. In 2013, ARC processed more than $86 billion worth of transactions for its customers. ARCLabs is a research and development initiative within the company that focuses on developing new products and providing analytical insight using ARC airline ticketing data. 
History.
ARC was established on September 17, 1984 as a close corporation following airline deregulation in the United States. The corporation began operations on January 1, 1985 in Washington, D.C., settling financial ticket transactions between airlines and travel agencies. ARC is the successor to the Air Traffic Conference of America, an operating division of Airlines for America, formerly known as the Air Transport Association of America, Inc. (ATA).
Mission.
ARC's primary mission is to support the travel industry by providing transaction settlement between travel suppliers and resellers. The corporation also accredits travel agencies in the United States to sell airline tickets, and provides data information services and analysis based on archived aggregated data.
Products and services.
Accreditation Services ARC plays an important role for airlines by accrediting travel agencies, including online and corporate, to sell air tickets. Accreditation involves understanding the financial health of an agency, among other factors, to make sure the agency is qualified.
Ticket Reporting Agency Ticket Reporting Agency (TRA)-accredited travel agencies have the authority to directly issue airline, bus, and rail tickets through a global distribution system (GDS). TRAs have access to ARC's financial settlement service, as well as to numerous travel agency tools, including ARC's credit card and service fee processing program, and fraud prevention solutions. The TRA program provides travel agencies with the ability to process tickets directly and independently.
Verified Travel Consultant The Verified Travel Consultant (VTC) program was created for the growing number of agencies that do not directly issue airline, or rail tickets through a GDS. VTC program members include full-service agencies that focus primarily in leisure travel. These agencies often secure air accommodations through alternative methods.
Fraud Prevention ARC fraud analysts work in partnership with travel agents, airlines, law enforcement, and GDSs to minimize financial losses within the U.S. travel agency channel. When fraud is detected, ARC alerts travel agents and acts as an investigative support and educational resource.
ARC MarketPlace 
ARC MarketPlace is a website offering travel resellers a collection of destination products and services to offer their clients.
Data and analytics.
ARC offers airline ticket transaction data to various industries including travel, financial, and the news media. ARC information is based on closed ticket transactions, as opposed to bookings, that are initiated within the United States. These closed transactions are an accurate measure of airfare costs and airline passenger volume trends. In June 2012, ARC, in partnership with IATA, began offering DDS (Direct Data Service), containing global airline ticket transaction data derived from direct airline purchases from ARC and IATA's Billing Settlement Plan (BSP) with direct ticketing data contributed by participating carriers.
ARC DataXpert Market Intelligence (ADXMI) 
ADXMI is used to retrieve ticket transaction data back to January 2008, and can be used to analyze historical ticketing information as well as future travel. ADXMI assists in the analysis of airline ticketing settlement data for an organizational planning and budgeting. ARC designed ADXMI for route planners, sales and marketing departments, and others who make decisions regarding airline passenger itineraries. 
Agency List Pro Agency List Pro provides current information about travel agencies that provide users the ability to analyze a particular agent's market position. Destination Marketing Organizations (DMO) can also narrow their focus and strengthen ties with agencies selling their specific destination using Agency List Pro.
Market Locator Market Locator helps marketers and planners optimize marketing spend, using a dashboard indicating airline ticket purchaser locations. Through a combination of the geographic location of the airline ticket purchaser, flight itinerary and other information, Market Locator can provide insight into U.S. air passenger purchase and travel behavior. Market Locator provides a data sample that mirrors consumer behavior in the broader travel industry. Answers to these questions can be applied to a range of uses, including market analyses, revenue leakage and diversion studies, media buying strategies, marketing effectiveness, and competitive benchmarking.
FareSight FareSight allows corporate travel departments to analyze and compare their company's air fare costs compared to the general business market. This is helpful in building travel budgets and optimizing corporate travel programs. Data used in FareSight comes from ARC's Compass data warehouse. FareSight also analyzes a company's travel patterns and compares those patterns with the overall market, and profiles its travelers' preferences based on actual ticketed travel.
Process and financial management.
ARC Ticket Resolution Service (TRS) 
TRS helps ARC participating carriers account for and collect payment for used ARC unreported tickets and carrier-identified credit card chargeback ticket transactions. 
ARC Document Retrieval Service (DRS)
DRS is a paperless record-keeping system for ARC participants that delivers immediate online access to more than three years of Interactive Agent Reporting (IAR) ticketing data. 
Memo Manager
Memo Manager provides a means to resolve and collect debit memos. The online memo processing and settlement system gives carriers real-time access to memo status, and agencies can make full or partial payments in the Interactive Agent Reporting (IAR) system. Memo Resolution Service (MRS) manages debit memos starting 10 days after the memo is issued, and continuing until 90 days after issuance. Third Party Resolution Services (TPRS) offers debit memo collection efforts once a memo ages past 90 days. MRS and TPRS functions can be combined.
Agent's Choice
Agent’s Choice is a Web-based credit card processing tool that travel agents can use to get paid for all travel-related charges and service fees using their customer's credit card. These charges can include management of consolidator tickets, packages, deposits, and all other types of travel-related charges.
Shareholders and board member companies.
Shareholders:
Additional board members:
Controversy.
On December 13. 2007 the American Society of Travel Agents, Inc., Carlson Travel Network Associates, Inc. and Uniglobe Travel USA, LLC (ASTA or travel agents) filed a Notice of Appeal from the December 6. 2007 decision of the Board of Directors of Airlines Reporting Corporation (ARC) which increased the annual administrative fees ARC charges travel agents. ASTA requested that the Independent Arbitration Panel (IAP) issue an order that the new fee structure adopted by ARC be rescinded retroactive to December 31, 2007. 
The ability to challenge a decision of the ARC Board of Directors before the IAP stemmed from the settlement of earlier litigation, Association of Retail Travel Agents, Ltd. v. Air Transport Association of America, 623 F.Supp. 893 (D.D.C. 1985). In particular, Section 11 of that settlement agreement provided that “all future fees will be subject to review by the Independent Arbitration Panel (“IAP”), taking into consideration the level of costs and a fair allocation of costs between carriers and agents.”
A hearing was held in Washington, D.C. on June 7 and 8, 2008. Post-hearing briefs were filed by ARC and ASTA on June 18, 2008. IAP decided that ARC had not met its burden of proof to show that the new annual administrative fees adopted by ARC on December 6, 2007 represented a fair allocation of costs between carriers and agents.
The IAP ruled in favor of the American Society of Travel Agents (ASTA) and its co-appellants, Carlson Travel Network Associates and Uniglobe Travel USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36592754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592754" title="Erich Berko">
Erich Berko

Erich Berko (born 6 September 1994 in Ostfildern) is a German footballer.
Club career.
Berko had on 28 January 2012 his debut for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3. Liga against FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt.
On 7 May 2013 Erich Berko extended his contract with VfB Stuttgart until June 2015.
International career.
Berko played for Germany at the 2011 European U-17 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36592756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592756" title="Tuirial Dam">
Tuirial Dam

Tuirial dam is an earthfill and gravity dam, currently under construction on the Tuirial River near Kolasib in the state of Mizoram in India.
History.
Construction of 60 MW hydroelectric power station began in 1998 by NEEPCO but was halted in 2004 by the Tuirial Crop Compensation Claimant Association of which the Mizo National Front then Chief Minister Pu Zoramthanga's relatives figured among nine people named in Central Bureau of Investigation charge sheet. When Pu Lalthanhawla, who had started the project came back in power, he took initiatives to restart the project. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) approved the 60 MW Tuirial Hydro Electric Project (THEP) project costing Rs 913 crore in 2010. Due to road conditions and unavailability of aggregate, the project is expected to be complete in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36592778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592778" title="Los Toscanos">
Los Toscanos

Los Toscanos, a flattened hill on the right bank, near the mouth of the Vélez river, near Vélez-Málaga in southern Spain, was the location of an early Phoenician settlement.
It is believed that, when the settlement was abandoned, the Phoenicians did not leave the Vélez valley, but merely moved across the river to Cerro del Mar.

</doc>
<doc id="36592792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592792" title="Piazza Tasso">
Piazza Tasso

Piazza Tasso is a central place and square in Sorrento in the south of Italy. The square is named of the poet Torquato Tasso.
In the main square, well known as Largo of the Caste, is the Baroque Church del Carmine, with in its interior an painting by Onofrio Avellino. On the square stands a statue of S. Antonino Abbate. From the square you come in the shopping street Via San Cesareo.
Also near Piazza Tasso is the Palazzo Correale now also a museum, Museum Correale.

</doc>
<doc id="36592800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592800" title="Guda Guda Community">
Guda Guda Community

Guda Guda is a small Aboriginal community, located on the Great Northern Highway, in the Nine Mile Area of the township of Wyndham, approximately 10 kilometres south-east of the town centre.
Background.
The majority of people residing at Guda Guda have personal histories and affiliations at Forrest River Mission (Oombulgurri). During the wet season Guda Guda community is regularly visited by people from Oombulgurri, Halls Creek, One Arm Point and Lombadina.
History.
Guda Guda was initially a stopover on the droving track to Wyndham meatworks and Wyndham port. Cattle were mustered from Doon Doon Station, Bow River and Gibb River. Drovers came from Maple Downs, Gurranji, Lissadel station and Home Valley station to the Wyndham meatworks which closed in 1989.
In the 1950s and 1960s people who are currently living at the Guda Guda community, used to live in the flat areas on the western side of the current community for a period of at least 20 years. Because of the long period of residence in this area people developed personal histories and affiliations in the region and chose the area where Guda Guda community is now located.
Governance.
The community is managed by the Guda Guda Aboriginal Community Inc, which represents the community's residents. The corporation is an incorporated body under the Commonwealth Incorporations and Associations Act.
Native title.
The community is located within the undetermined Balanggarra 3 Native Title claim (WC00/6) area.
Town planning.
Guda Guda Layout Plan No.1 was prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements. Layout Plan No.1 was endorsed by the WAPC on 15 April 2003. The Layout Plan map-set can be viewed at http://www.planning.wa.gov.au/communitylayoutplans/1933.asp
External links.
Native title claimant application summary http://www.nntt.gov.au/Applications-And-Determinations/Search-Applications/Pages/Application.aspx?tribunal_file_no=WC99/47

</doc>
<doc id="36592807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592807" title="Navotas National High School">
Navotas National High School

Navotas National High School (or most popular called "NNHS") is founded on 1983 by Mayor Victor Javier. With a 2,255 square meter land area, it is located on Barangay Sipac Almacen, Navotas, Metro Manila, Philippines. This school is formerly named as Navotas Municipal High School.
In 39 years of teaching and learning of students there are innovation that succeeded by NNHS.
History.
The history of Navotas National High School dates back to 1983, when Mayor Victor Javier conceived of founding a school whose aim was to provide free but quality education to children of Navotas. Formerly known as Navotas Municipal High School (NMHS), the school found its place into a 2,255 square meter land area near the police headquarters, where the National Manpower Education Building was located. Through the quiet and relentless efforts of the mayor and the community, classes were opened on June 1983 with only 180 students and seven (7) faculty members headed by its first principal, Dr. Cecilia M. Saenz.Two years after its opening, there was an overwhelming increase in student population. Mayor Javier extended all the possible assistance to look after the welfare of the students. He ordered the construction of four rooms at the sports complex to temporarily house the additional eight sections. Faculty members were likewise, increased to twenty two (22).However, with the turn of events in the political system, Mayor Felipe C. Del Rosario, Jr. took Mayor Javier’s post. The new OIC painstakingly continued all the objectives and hard work left by the former mayor. A new four-room building was put-up. In 1987, the school produced its first batch of graduates.The implementation of Free Secondary Education in 1990 signaled the tremendous overflow of students to the school. The school’s population increased to 4,460. To help ease the problem of lack of classrooms, Engr. & Mrs. Pascual Roque donated another four-room building. In addition to this an eight-room elementary school building was turned over to NNHS to cope with the increasing number of students. Because of the government’s thrust in democratizing access to education, the local government put-up a ten-room building at Tangos (Tangos Annex). To cope with the growing number of students, the school, with the support of LGU, NGO, and other organizations, the creation of several annexes in Navotas namely NNHS Tulay Annex, NNHS San Roque Annex, NNHS Kaunlaran Annex, NNHS San Rafael Annex, and NNHS Tanza Annex saw fruition. All of these annexes eventually became independent national high schools under the leadership of the respective principals.When Dr. Saenz was promoted to principal IV, she was transferred to Malabon National High School and Mrs. Lucila O.de Guzman took over her post. She retired from the service in 2000, Dr. Rosa G. Centeno was assigned as the new principal. She spearheaded the special science curriculum in S.Y. 2004-2005. It was during this time when Dr. Saenz was assigned back to NNHS as principal while Dr. Centeno was transferred to Malabon National High School.The retirement of Dr. Saenz in November 24, 2008 paved the way for the designation of Dr. Maria Cristina A. Robles as the new school principal of Navotas National High School.
School Vision.
The Navotas National High School aims to provide quality education to the youth who are proven to pursue empowerment of self and others through the useful application of knowledge, skills, attitudes and personal and social values from teachers and officials who are imbibed with the strong conviction to be of genuine service to family, community and the nation for the perpetuation of God’s infinite love to humankind.
School Mission.
The Navotas National High School aims to develop a new breed of individuals who aremorally upright disciplined empowered adaptive and responsive to changing environment who can contribute to the upliftment of the plight of the country and its people and  find pride in principled accomplishmentand ready to become God’s instruments to sow peace, love and happiness among all people.
M-Cart.
The M-Cart (Mobile Computer Aided for Reinforcement Teaching) is the idea of Mr. Leo mel Ramos to educate the students of navotas national high school by using laptop or tablet and a projector to present their lessons,the teachers must convert their lesson plans into a powerpoint presentation.Based on survey of students,the M-Cart is more effective,more efficient,and more convenient to present the multimedia files like photos and videos related to the discussion.The M-Cart was nominated in 2012 Search for innovative practices in managing classes by Department of Science and Technology (DOST) and won at 2nd Exellence in Educational Transformation Awards (EETA) last April 16, 2013.For now,13 teachers are buy their own projector to teach students without borrowing a projector.

</doc>
<doc id="36592808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592808" title="Jasmin Mecinović">
Jasmin Mecinović

Jasmin Mecinović (, born 22 October 1990) is a football player from Macedonia who currently plays for Hungarian side Lombard-Pápa.

</doc>
<doc id="36592827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592827" title="John Bennett (fl. 1586–89)">
John Bennett (fl. 1586–89)

John Bennett (fl. 1586-1589), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Heytesbury in 1586 and Westbury in 1589.

</doc>
<doc id="36592836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592836" title="Talia Bennett">
Talia Bennett

Talia Bennett (born 1986) is a New Zealand beauty pageant contestant who was 1st runner-up at Miss New Zealand 2012. The winner of Miss New Zealand 2012 was Avianca Böhm. She was subsequently stripped of her crown and replaced by Bennett.
Early life.
Bennett has a Bachelor of Property and is a qualified commercial property valuer. Her interests include yoga, health, nutrition, fashion and tennis.
Miss Universe New Zealand 2011.
Bennett was 1st runner-up. Priyani Puketapu won the Miss New Zealand title.
Miss Universe New Zealand 2012.
Bennett was 1st runner-up for a second time. On 31 July 2012 Böhm was stripped of her crown, which was then awarded to Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="36592850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592850" title="Boomtown, Inc.">
Boomtown, Inc.

Boomtown, Inc. was a gaming company based in Verdi, Nevada. It was acquired in 1997 by Hollywood Park, Inc. (now Pinnacle Entertainment) for $188 million.
The company agreed in January 1995 to buy National Gaming for $500 million, to be partly financed by Hospitality Franchise Systems, which had spun off National months earlier. Boomtown cancelled the deal in April because of shareholder objections.

</doc>
<doc id="36592890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592890" title="Kenny Burrell (album)">
Kenny Burrell (album)

Kenny Burrell (also reissued as Blue Moods) is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 2½ stars with the review by Scott Yanow stating, "Guitarist Kenny Burrell, 25 at the time, is heard during one of his earlier sessions playing in his already recognizable straight-ahead style with a quintet... It's enjoyable music".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36592895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592895" title="Celeste Marshall">
Celeste Marshall

Celeste Marshall is a Bahamian beauty queen and model, elected as Miss Bahamas 2012 and was represnted her country in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant.
Miss Bahamas 2012 & Miss Universe 2012.
Celeste Marshall has been crowned Miss Bahamas Universe 2012 at the grand finale of the Miss Bahamas Universe beauty pageant and represented her country in Miss Universe 2012 which was held at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino; Las Vegas, Nevada on Wednesday December 19, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36592935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592935" title="Covey Award">
Covey Award

The Covey Award was established in 2008 by the International Association for Computing and Philosophy, to recognise "accomplished innovative research, and possibly teaching that flows from that research, in the field of computing and philosophy broadly conceived" [http://www.iacap.org/awards/].
The award is assigned annually, by the association's Executive Committee. It is meant for senior researchers, while the "Goldberg Graduate Award" is meant to recognise the achievements of graduate students.
Examples of areas that are of interest to the committee in selecting candidates for the Covey Award include: computational philosophy, the philosophy of artificial intelligence, information and computer ethics and the philosophy of information.
The association selected the name of Preston Covey for this award because his life's work exemplified a philosophical concern with computer-related research and teaching.
Winners.
Recipients include:

</doc>
<doc id="36592967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592967" title="Bardo (album)">
Bardo (album)

Colours of Time is the seventh album of composer Peter Michael Hamel, released in 1981 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.

</doc>
<doc id="36592970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592970" title="Century Casinos">
Century Casinos

Century Casinos, Inc. () is a gaming company based in Colorado Springs, Colorado. It was formed in 1992 by several executives of Casinos Austria.
The company owns and operates four casinos in Colorado and Alberta. It also operates casinos on cruise ships for Oceania, TUI, Windstar, and Regent Seven Seas, and manages a casino at the Radisson Aruba. In 2007, Century paid $8.7 million to acquire a 33% stake in Casinos Poland, operator of several casinos in Poland.
In December 2012, Century announced an agreement to finance and manage a horse track and casino to be built in Balzac, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="36592977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592977" title="John Hanson Thomas Jerome">
John Hanson Thomas Jerome

John Hanson Thomas Jerome (c. 1816-1863) was Mayor of Baltimore from 1850-1852. 
Mayor of Baltimore.
During Jerome's administration as Mayor of Baltimore, the McDonogh bequest was made to the City from the estate of John McDonogh, a bequest which would later result in the foundation of the McDonogh School. The Maryland Institute Hall, Marsh Market Space and Baltimore Street, was erected (though it was later destroyed in the Great Baltimore Fire of 1904 which destroyed over 1,500 buildings in the city). Bonds to the extent of $1,500,000 of the Northwestern Virginia Railroad were guaranteed by the City.
In one of his messages to the Council Mayor Jerome proposed an ambitious programme of municipal development, among which was the acquisition of Federal Hill. He also advocated the purchase of the water-works, then operated under private ownership, and he proposed that if the Gas Company would not illuminate the streets properly, the Municipality should establish its own gas plant.
The political separation of Baltimore City and Baltimore County occurred during this administration, which important change became effective with the ratification by the people of the State Constitution in 1851. This resulted in Towson becoming the county seat instead of Baltimore and thus Baltimore became a separate political division of the State.

</doc>
<doc id="36592979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592979" title="2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Flying Dutchman">
2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Flying Dutchman

The Flying Dutchman was an event on the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games program at Lake Como, Italy. Six out of the nine scheduled race were entered. 30 sailors, on 15 boats, from 9 nations entered.
Venue overview.
Race area and Course.
Of the three Campo's (Race Area's) available for the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games at Lake Como Campo Charlie was used for the Flying Dutchman event. In general this Campo is situated in front of the city of Bellano.
For the 2012 edition of the Vintage Yachting Games three different courses were available. The Flying Dutchman could only use course 1.
Wind conditions.
The Northern part of Lake Como was reportedly a thermic wind venue. In this time of year the normal situation is that at about 13:00 the Swiss mountains are heated up and a Southern wind hits the racing areas with about 10 to 14 knots. As result of this no races were scheduled in the morning. Unfortunately during the event the temperature in Switzerland were low. Also was the thermal South breeze battling with the gradient wind from the North. As result the actual wind did not came above the 8 knots during the races and was instable at times.
Campo Bravo has normally a tendency to have a slightly higher wind speed than the two other Campo's this due to the fact that it is more Northern than Charlie so that the Southern thermal breeze is strengthened and that the fact that the lake narrows in front of Dervio.
Races.
Summary.
In the Flying Dutchman six out of the planned nine races were completed.
The Flying Dutchman class (Olympic between 1960 – 1992) was dominated by the Austrian families: Aichholzer and Zingerle. Their two teams took gold and silver. The third place was for Ginés Romero Bernabeu andlvaro Moreno Egea who were beating the Bonaire delegation of Henry Koning and Rob Taal with a minor 0.6 points.

</doc>
<doc id="36592998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36592998" title="Ravinder Kaushik">
Ravinder Kaushik

Ravindra Kaushik (1952–2001) was a former RAW agent who was caught and jailed in Pakistan where he eventually died.
Early life.
Ravinder Kaushik was born in Sri Ganganagar, Rajasthan on April 11, 1952. He was a famous theater artist and displayed his talent at the national level dramatic meet in Lucknow, which was witnessed by some officials of the Indian Intelligence Agency RAW. He was contacted and offered a job for being an undercover agent of India in Pakistan. At the age of 23, he was sent to Pakistan on a mission.
In Pakistan.
Ravinder Kaushik was recruited by RAW and was given extensive training in Delhi for two years. Circumcision was performed on him to show him as a Muslim. He was taught Urdu, given religious education and acquainted with the topography and other details about Pakistan. Being from Punjab-speaking Sri Ganganager, he was well versed in the language which is spoken in major part of Pakistan.
In 1975 he was sent to Pakistan and given the name Nabi Ahmed Shakir. He was successful in getting admission in Karachi University and completed his LLB. He joined Pakistan Army and became a commissioned officer and later was promoted to the rank of a Major. He married a local girl Amanat, and became father of a girl.
From 1979 to 1983, while in military service, he passed on valuable information to RAW which was of great help to the Indian defence forces.
He was given the title of 'Black Tiger' by India's then home minister S.B. Chavan. Some testify that the title was conferred by then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi.
He spent 26 years of his life away from his home and family in Pakistan in very unfavourable conditions.
During War.
Using the secret information provided by Ravinder Kaushik, India formulated a strategy that was always one step ahead of Pakistan's and checkmated it's war plans. On many occasions Pakistan prepared to wage war across the borders of Rajasthan in India, but they were foiled due to the timely advance warning given by Ravinder Kaushik, as he was a senior military officer in Pakistan by now and had access to top secret information.
Death and aftermath.
In September 1983, Indian intelligence agencies had sent an agent, Inyat Masiha, to get in touch with Black Tiger. But the agent was caught by Pakistan’s intelligence agencies and revealed Ravinder Kaushik's true identity.
Kaushik was then captured, tortured for two years at an interrogation centre in Sialkot. Ravinder was awarded death sentence in the year 1985. His sentence was later commuted to a life term by the Pakistan Supreme court.
Kaushik was kept in various jails, including Sialkot, Kot Lakhpat and in Mianwali jail for 16 years, where he contracted Asthma and TB. He managed to secretly send letters to his family in India, which revealed his poor health condition and the trauma faced by him in Pakistani jails.
In one of his letters he wrote,
"Kya Bharat jaise bade desh ke liye kurbani dene waalon ko yahi milta hai?" (Is this the reward a person gets for sacrificing his life for India?)
On 21 November 2001, he succumbed to pulmonary tuberculosis and heart disease in New Central Jail Multan. He was buried behind that jail.
Ravindra's family claimed that the story line of the famous Bollywood flick "Ek Tha Tiger" released in the year 2012 was based on the life of Ravindra & asked for the credit in the movie titles for Ravindra.

</doc>
<doc id="36593007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593007" title="VNIIS Exemption Letter">
VNIIS Exemption Letter

The VNIIS Exemption letter in other words the GOST R Exemption letter. The name “The GOST R Exemption letter” formulates the essence of the problem for solution of which the drawing up of this letter was performed. The name “The VNIIS Exemption letter” was given after the name of the official structure that was authorized to draw up the given permissive document.
The VNIIS Exemption appear to be the obligatory letter for the production that is not required to be proved for conformity..
The VNIIS Exemption letter related to the permissive documents because it gave right to cross the border of the RF to the goods for which the Russian legislation did not require obligatory drawing up the GOST R Conformity Certificate and Declaration within the system of certification. For such kinds of goods the VNIIS Exemption letter was required for the customs clearance. It had to be provided to the customs officer in the process of check up. The given requirement covered imported and exported production.
The VNIIS Exemption letter for the customs office obligatory included the number of the contract in accordance to which the delivery to the RF territory of the production listed in the letter was performed. In order to draw up the VNIIS Exemption Letter for the Customs Office the copy of the contract was obligatory document. It was existence of the number of the contract that differed the VNIIS Exemption letter for the Customs Office from the VNIIS Exemption letter for trading.
The history of the VNIIS Exemption Letters.
In the certain moment of the historical reality for automating different processes creating the systems of classification of all kinds of production manufactured on the RF territory was required. The given task was the responsibility of the Gosstandart that developed the Russian classifier of production (RCP) with great difficulties. The given normative document regulated all the consecutive decisions that the given federal structure had right to make.
Along with development of industry and correspondingly with broadening of the nomenclature of goods as a whole we saw the development of outer goods turnover. For the institution’s inner needs (the Customs Service) in the certain moment of the history there was a need to order the nomenclature of goods participating in the process of import and export of the Russian Federation. Customs officers developed their own codifier which included their own approaches (provoked by the specifics of the international goods turnover) to the production classification. So, they created the codifier of the Goods Nomenclature of the Foreign Economical Activity of the Russian Federation (GN FEA).
From the moment when the obligatory certification for certain kinds of products started in Russia (the list of which was given in the codes of RCP because the regulating documents were issued by the Gosstandart) and the Customs Legislation included articles about the obligatory providing of permissive documents, drawn up in the frameworks of the technical regulation in the process of Customs Check up, so here they saw different controversial based on the existence in Russia of two big codifiers. All the regulating documents were issued by the Russian Customs office with providing the codes of the GN FEA (nowadays the codes of the GN FEA of the CU are valid).
In order to evade the appeared controversions connected with the codification, they developed re-codifying tables or the tables of correspondence of the RCP code to the GN FEA code. But even they were not able to solve the disputes. In order that the importer or exported could move the goods across the border there as a need of special letter of an official or competent body saying that the certain kind of goods does not require the document of obligatory certification.
And such body was named the Russian Research Institute of Certification. In this way the VNIIS Exemption Letter appeared, and consequently it became the obligatory document for providing to the Customs Officer for the goods that are not the objects of the obligatory proof that they conform to the GOST R system.
Abolition of the VNIIS Exemption Letters.
First, the VNIIS Exemption letter for the Customs Office was renamed and later it was absolutely abolished after the introduction of the Customs Union Legislation on the territory of the RF. The Customs Union made it obligatory to go through the process of sanitary for certain kinds of production. Besides, the CU introduced the obligation of drawing up of the unitary certificates of conformity and declarations of conformity in the frameworks of requirements of the Customs Union. The regulation documents include the codes of the production listed on the base GN FEA valid in the countries of the Customs Union (GN FEA CU). Along with this there is obligation of the state certification within the GOST R system of Russian certification for some kinds of goods.
The VNIIS Exemption Letter became impossible to draw up for the Institute specializing in the system of the obligatory Russian certification. That is why late 2010 all the powers for the Exemption Letters for the Customs Office were transferred to the Ministry of Industry and Trade and later they were abolished at all. Nowadays the burden of proof that there is no need to certify the production within the GOST R system is laid upon the applicant.
Theoretically, the Exemption Letter may be drawn up in the frameworks of any system of products certification. The question for what purposes is it needed and if it will be accepted byt the body that requested the existence of such explanation document Nowadays the Exemption Letters mostly have just informative character and lost their permissive function. Even more the given statement relates to the VNIIS Exemption Letter (The GOST R Exemption Letter).

</doc>
<doc id="36593008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593008" title="Transition (Peter Michael Hamel album)">
Transition (Peter Michael Hamel album)

Transition is the eighth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel, released in 1983 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.

</doc>
<doc id="36593037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593037" title="Mus'art Gallery">
Mus'art Gallery

The Musa Heritage Gallery, is an art museum in Kumbo, Cameroon.It houses a collection of over 400 art objects that were mainly created between 1970 and 2000 and range from bamboo work to wood carvings, from basketry to pottery. Our museum is a place for exchanges and education, a place where arts open paths for better understanding of history and traditions from the Grass-fields region of Cameroon.
History.
Musa Heritage Gallery in short Mus’Art Gallery, also known as the Grassfields Museum was established in December 1996 in honour of the Cameroonian artists Daniel Kanjo Musa (1930–1995) and his eldest son John Yuniwo Musa (1956–1996).
During the past sixteen years the Mus'Art Gallery has been active in propagating the Nso' cultural heritage. The museum has been at the forefront of promoting Nso’ traditional artistry and craftsmanship. Mus’Art Gallery has a collection of over 400
objects most of which were created between 1970 and 2000. These varied and diverse objects range from bamboo work to wood carvings, basketry to pottery.
The museum continues to acquire contemporary Cameroonian arts and crafts while maintaining a major focus on the Western Grass-fields region. This region is internationally renowned for having produced masterpieces of African art.
These objects were appropriated by colonial missionaries and officers and removed from their place of origin to museums in Europe or the United States of America. Masterpieces of Grass-fields art are today in foreign museums. The statue of Ngonnso’ founder the Nso’ kingdom is presently kept in a museum in Germany. In Nso’ there is an outcry for this statue to be returned to its people.
Mus’Art Gallery’s mission:
Exhibits.
Among the 400 objects and works of art exhibited, visitors can admire carved masks, wood statues and other objects made by the Musas between 1970 and 2000. There are other objects collected from the grass-fields, such as traditional musical instruments, hunting gadgets, metal works, bamboo objects and pottery. Temporary exhibitions are also sometimes proposed.
The Museum today.
Mus'Art Gallery is a place for exchanges and education, a place where arts open paths for better understanding of history and traditions from the Grass-fields region of Cameroon.
Mus'Art Gallery aims to evolve in order to become the cultural centre of Kumbo, as well as a leader in cultural democratization and heritage preservation of arts, music and crafts in Cameroon.
Over the years, Mus'Art Gallery has been expanding to diversify its collection, but has focused on the preservation, education and promotion of the cultural legacy of the Grass-fields of Cameroon. The museum is also known as the Grass-fields arts
museum.
Mus'Art Gallery is convinced the arts can enable a lot of people, particularly youths, earn a livelihood engaging in the arts. This should help to create income for them and their families, fight poverty and unemployment, and contribute to the creative sector.
The museum continues to acquire contemporary Cameroonian arts and crafts while maintaining a major focus on the Western Grass-fields region Mus'Art Gallery is also interested in showing what artists today can do; our museum is therefore interested in showing how our art and craft has been evolving.
This should be realized through temporary exhibitions" Musa mentioned. He equally highlighted the place of the arts in promoting the culture of the people of the grass-fields of Cameroon. He told the students that the art world and museums
apart from serving as platforms for learning and entertainment, offers numerous career opportunities and should be considered as the students moved into tertiary education in future.
The museum continues to acquire contemporary Cameroonian arts and crafts while maintaining a major focus on the Western Grass-fields region. This region is internationally renowned for having produced masterpieces of African art.
Heritage Collection.
Grass-Fields Utensils.
The collection includes utensils made by the Grassfield people,(peoples of North-West and West Cameroon). These utensils include pots, plates, dishes, spoons and knives. They are made using materials such as glass, plastic, enamel, wood, glazed pottery. Currently, most of the utensils used in Cameroon are imported with Chinaware being popular. so as it is enamel and plastic utensils.
Traditional artists and craftsmen of the Grass-fields produced a lot of utensils which were used by the people. The utensils included bowls, baskets, trays, knives, spoons, pots etc. These utensils were made using locally available materials such as wood, clay and straw. The utensils were made from environmentally friendly materials. The technology was basic but entailed great skills in order to produce some of the utensils.
Slavery, colonization, trading and the introduction of western education were all factors that contributed to the gradual under-utilisation and elimination of the traditional utensils. Historically the pursuit for western education in colonial schools, plantation workers who went to the coast to work in rubber or banana estates, kola nut traders who went to Northern Nigeria from the Grass-fields came back home with modern utensils. Those who were not fortunate to travel and stayed in the hinterlands and villages used traditional utensils, and were considered poor or primitive by those who acquired the Whiteman’s utensils.
The utensils of the Grass-fields were used by the entire fabric of society from the Kings (Fons) to the commoners. However there were distinctions to what was meant for the Fons and the common man or peasants. It was customary in the Grass-fields for the Fons to have the best in terms of quality, beauty, aesthetics, and symbolism. Twins for instance in the Nso’ and Wimbum tribes had special containers in which palm oil meant for their food was preserved. In Nso’ with a history of polygamous homes, the family head (father) of the household kept the container in which palm oil was stored. With a specially fashioned wooden spoon he dished out palm oil which he sent through his little children who came into his living quarter with small clay pots from their mothers when it was cooking time.
Replicas.
The museum continues to acquire contemporary Cameroonian arts and crafts while maintaining a major focus on the Western Grass-fields region. This region is internationally renowned for having produced masterpieces of African art. Unfortunately these objects were appropriated by colonial missionaries and officers and removed from their place of origin to museums in Europe or the United States of America. Masterpieces of Grass-fields art are today in foreign museums and it is most likely they will never be returned. The statue of Ngonnso’ founder the Nso’ kingdom is presently kept in a museum in Germany. In Nso’ there is an outcry for this statue to be returned to its people.

</doc>
<doc id="36593050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593050" title="Cocodrilos de Caracas">
Cocodrilos de Caracas

Cocodrilos de Caracas is a Venezuelan professional basketball club. The club competes in the Venezuelan Professional Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="36593053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593053" title="Organum (album)">
Organum (album)

Organum is the ninth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel, released in 1986 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.

</doc>
<doc id="36593067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593067" title="Smrečnik">
Smrečnik

Smrečnik (; also archaic "Smrečnjek", , Gottscheerish: "Waichtpiechl") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Komarna Vas.
Name.
Smrečnik lies on a rise in a spruce forest on the road from Komarna Vas. Its various names refer to the local vegetation (cf. German "Fichte" 'spruce', Slovene "smreka" 'spruce'); the German and Gottscheerish names literally mean 'spruce hill'.
History.
Smrečnik was a Gottschee German village. founded after 1558 and it had three houses during the entire time it existed. In the land registry of 1574 it consisted of three-fourths of a full farm divided into three quarter-farms and corresponding to a population between eight and eleven. Before the Second World War it had a population of 11. The population worked as manual laborers and carpenters, had a few vineyards, and also produced bushel baskets. The original inhabitants were evicted in the fall of 1941. The village was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive of summer 1942 and was never rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="36593094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593094" title="Antonio de Noli Academic Society">
Antonio de Noli Academic Society

The Antonio de Noli Academic Society is an international, non-profit research organization founded in 2009 at Serra Riccò (Province of Genoa, Italy) by descendants of the Genoese navigator Antonio de Noli—the first discoverer of Cape Verde Islands and the first European Colonial Governor in Sub-Saharan Africa. The initiative was further supported in 2010 by the Embassy of the Republic of Cape Verde to Italy, and by the City Councils of Noli (Savona) and Serra Riccò (Genova). The aims of the international research society were based on an interdisciplinary scope of "biographical, geographic-historical, naval-historical, military-historical, archaeological, genealogical, social-anthropological, and sociological studies around the discoveries of Antonio de Noli – the Genoese navigator and discoverer of Cape Verde Islands - and the societies and institutions which ensued in the aftermath of the discoveries in which he participated". The Antonio de Noli Academic Society was officially inaugurated in the City of Serra Riccò in June 2010 in a public ceremony led by representatives of the Province of Genoa, the Ambassador of the Republic of Cape Verde to Italy Dr Jose Eduardo Barbosa, the Mayor of Serra Riccò, Dott. Andrea Torre, the founder of the society Prof. Marcello Ferrada de Noli, and Cultural Adviser of Serra Riccò Tomaso Richini. The society organized its first international research-conference in the City of Noli, in the province of Savona, in September 2010. The event named "Da Noli a Capo Verde" (""From Noli to Cape Verde"") was sponsored by the Region of Liguria, the Municipality of Noli and the Cultural Foundation San Antonio, and was inaugurated by the Major of the city, Ambrogio Repetto. The research findings presented at the 2010 Conference originated the publication of a book with the same title edited by the Fondazione Culturale Sant'Antonio of the City of Noli. The society publishes also a Research Bulletin on-line and maintains an on-line Archive with historical documents based on ancient manuscripts discovered by researchers at the society in Italy, the Republic of Cape Verde and Portugal (See Antonio de Noli). In 2012 the society's main location was moved to the City of Noli, in the province of Savona. 
Current President of the society is Prof. Dr. Lourenço Gomes, professor of history at the University of Cape Verde. Past-president 2012-2013 was prof. and author Alberto Peluffo, formerly the Deputy Mayor of the City of Noli. At a meeting of the Board of Directors on the 5th of July 2012, the founder of the society Professor Marcello Ferrada de Noli was "voted unanimously to be a Lifetime Honorary President of the Antonio de Noli Academic Society".
The Board of Directors.
Prof. Alberto Peluffo (Fondazione Culturale Sant'Antonio); Formerly Vice-Mayor of the City of Noli, Province of Liguria. President
Dott. Marcel Balla (M.A. Boston University). Historian. Acting Vice-President
Professor Trevor Hall Ph.D. (Johns Hopkins University), Historian (USA, Jamaica)
Mayor Emeritus Tomaso Richini, currently Cultural Adviser at the City Council of Serra Riccò (Genoa) 
Professor Lourenço Gomes (University of Cape Verde), Historian
Dott. Andrea Torre (Genoa – Serra Riccò) Historian and Mayor of Serra Riccò, Province of Genoa
Cap. Vasco Pires (Boston, USA), author
"Honorary Members of the Board":
Professor Emeritus Marcello Ferrada de Noli Ph.D. (Karolinska Institutet, Sweden); 
Professor Corradino Astengo, Dott. (University of Genoa), professor of Cartography History at the University of Genoa.

</doc>
<doc id="36593098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593098" title="Novalis (disambiguation)">
Novalis (disambiguation)

Novalis

</doc>
<doc id="36593117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593117" title="James Harvey Carson">
James Harvey Carson

James Harvey Carson (February 11, 1808  – January 13, 1884) was a brigadier general in the Virginia militia, who served along with the Confederate States Army in northwestern Virginia at various times during 1861 and early 1862 in the American Civil War (Civil War). Carson's men were part of Stonewall Jackson's force that moved to take the town of Bath, later Berkeley Springs, now in West Virginia, on January 3, 1862. 
Carson left the military on February 1, 1862 to go back to and become president of the Virginia State Senate. He returned to farming in 1864 and was active in law and real estate in Frederick County and in Leesburg in Loudon County, Virginia after the war.
Prior to the Civil War, Carson had been an assistant teacher, a farmer, a lawyer, a colonel in the Virginia militia in 1837, and a member of the Virginia General Assembly, first in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1844 to 1847, then in the Virginia State Senate from 1859 to 1864.
Early life.
James Harvey Carson was born at Pleasant Green in Frederick County, Virginia, near Winchester, Virginia, on February 11, 1808. His parents were Simon Carson, a farmer and militia officer, and Martha Williams, daughter of the first owner of Pleasant Green. 
Carson was an assistant teacher at Winchester Academy when he was 18 years old. He became a prominent lawyer at Winchester, Virginia and a farmer. He was elected a colonel in the Virginia militia in 1837. He was a state representative in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1844 to 1847 and a Virginia State Senator from 1859 to 1864. In 1859, Carson became a brigadier general of the 16th Brigade of the Virginia militia. 
American Civil War service.
James Harvey Carson's brigade was called into service at the outset of the Civil War to guard Harper's Ferry and the Shenandoah Valley while the forces of then Brigadier General Joseph E. Johnston moved to join those of Brigadier General Pierre G. T. Beauregard at the First Battle of Bull Run. Carson and many of his men remained with the Virginia militia when many Virginia troops were transferred to the Confederate Army on June 8, 1861.
Carson commanded the 3rd Division of the Virginia militia in the northern Shenandoah Valley in August 1861. After a quite period, Carson's men were called for duty in November 1861 along with the brigades of James Boggs and Gilbert S. Meem. 
In early January, Jackson moved against the Union held towns of Romney and Bath (Berkeley Springs) and occupied those towns. On January 3, 1862, Jackson detached Carson's brigade in order to attack Bath from the west while Jackson's force attacked from the east. By the time the militia arrived at the town, Jackson had already driven out the Union force. Carson's brigade was left to occupy the town and set up winter quarters while Jackson moved on to take Romney.
Later life.
Although Carson was praised for his intelligence and a number of admirable qualities, he apparently was not an outstanding military commander. He left the field voluntarily on February 1, 1862 when he returned to his Virginia Senate seat and was elected president of the Virginia Senate. He resigned from Virginia Senate in 1864 and returned to farming.
Carson practiced law and became active in real estate work in Frederick County after the war. Later he moved his work to Leesburg, Virginia in Loudon County. 
James Harvey Carson died at Leesburg, Virginia on January 13, 1884. He was buried in the Carson graveyard at Pleasant Green in Frederick County, Virginia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36593123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593123" title="And I Will Kiss">
And I Will Kiss

"And I Will Kiss" is a song written by Rick Smith of electronic group Underworld for the "Isles of Wonder" opening ceremony of the 2012 summer Olympics in London, and the fourth track on the . The title makes reference to a speech given by Caliban in Act 2, Scene 2 of "The Tempest" by William Shakespeare:
<poem>
I'll show thee every fertile inch o' the island;
And I will kiss thy foot. I prithee, be my god.
</poem>
The choice of title was one of several references to "The Tempest" throughout the ceremony. The track accompanied the "Pandemonium" section of the ceremony, which depicted the Industrial Revolution in Britain.
Writing and recording.
Rick Smith started work on the music "And I Will Kiss" in June 2011. His brief from Danny Boyle, the creative director of the Olympics opening ceremony was simple: "Danny wanted to frighten people. He was certain that by the end the "Pandemonium" section, people had to be going: 'Christ, you can't possibly do that to us for the next three hours.' All the way along, he'd leave you with a sentence like that. That's the kind of direction that leaves you empowered." Smith also said of the track: "There was to be nothing half-hearted or polite about it."
The track was recorded at Abbey Road Studios, apart from the shouts at the start of the track, which were recorded after one of the open-air rehearsals for the ceremony, as Smith recalls: "One night we'd run out of time and it was pouring with rain. We said, Look, can any of you just stay behind for a little while? We need to do some recording. And something like 1500 people stayed behind, getting pissed down on, and shouted for us. Those moments are beyond words." The toll of the Olympic Bell, which also features on the track, was also recorded at night, in the rain and during rehearsals for the ceremony at the stadium; the sound engineers had to ask for the work to stop for half an hour so that they could successfully record it. 
The track features performances by percussionist Dame Evelyn Glennie, (with her drum score arranged by Paul Clarvis and Rick Smith); drummers Paul Clarvis, Mike Dolbear, John Randall, Frank Ricotti, Ralph Salmins, Corrina Silvester and Ian Thomas; drum captains Barnaby Archer, Oliver Blake, Daniel Bradley, Rebecca Celebuski, Jason Chowdhury, Jonathan Colgan, Oliver Cox, Fabio de Oliveira, Mike Dolbear, Robert Eckland, Daniel Ellis, Ric Elsworth, David Holmes, Oliver Lowe, Nicola Marangoni, James O’Carroll, Gerard Rundell, Ramon Sherrington, Corrina Silvester, Alex Smith, Owain Williams and Justin Woodward; the 965 Pandemonium Drummers, made up of volunteers. Rick Smith initially had doubts about using amateur drummers, but drum arranger Paul Clarvis convinced him that every one of them was capable of the job in hand. "That was the journey that we took together", Smith said "We can do this, we can be heroes."
The LSO On Track orchestra was conducted by François-Xavier Roth, with assistant conductor Matthew Gibson, and was orchestrated by Geoffrey Alexander. The solo violin was played by Sonia Slany. The brass band was the Grimethorpe Colliery Band orchestrated and conducted by Sandy Smith, and the Nostalgia Steel Band also played on the track.
The singers were Paul Ayres, Will Balkwill, Zoe Brown, Ronan Busfield, Pete Challis, Mark Connell, Emily Dickens, Kevin Doody, Elizabeth Drury, Ewan Gillies, James Hall, Johnny Herford, Katy Hill, Jimmy Holliday, Eloise Irving, Gareth John, Oliver Jones, Christopher Lowrey, Drew Mason, Philippa Murray, Sean Needham, Robyn Allegra Parton, Catherine Pope, Alison Rose, Domhnall Talbot, Reuben Thomas, Matt Thorpe and Amy Wood, and the vocal chanting at the start of the recording was from selected volunteers from the Pandemonium working men and women.
Smith has talked of how the track took months to get right, in a quest to capture the right atmosphere.
Olympic opening ceremony performance.
A slightly shortened version of the track was performed for the first time during the "Pandemonium" section of the ceremony, representing the Industrial Revolution in Britain, and includes a musical representation of a minute's silence, with whistling, during which time in the ceremony all action stopped and the dead of all wars were remembered. This motif that was whistled was used again at the end of the section as the Olympic rings came together in the sky, and is also featured in "Caliban's Dream", the track that accompanied the lighting of the Olympic cauldron near the end of the ceremony.
The track is featured on the soundtrack of the ceremony, "". It was digitally released as a downloadable track on iTunes at midnight on 28 July after the ceremony.
Reviews.
The "London Evening Standard" remarked on "the 17 thrilling, Industrial Revolution-charting minutes of "And I Will Kiss", as thumped out by Dame Evelyn Glennie." The "San Francisco Bay Guardian" said "At 17 minutes, “And I Will Kiss” provided the backdrop for a shrewdly choreographed performance-art piece, chronicling Britain's historic transition from pastoral wonderland to industrial superpower. Recalling Peter Gabriel’s similarly high-concept "OVO: The Millennium Show", held in London 12 years ago, the spectacle combined elaborate set-design and an extensive cast with a loud and pulsating, yet moody and subdued soundtrack. Industrialization represented a sense of forward progress, as well as a loss of innocence, for the British people, and Underworld's musical contribution aptly reflected this emotional complexity." "The Guardian" called it "17 minutes of gloriously euphoric controlled chaos". Reviewing the album "Isles of Wonder", on which the track features, the "New Zealand Herald" wrote "It's 'And I Will Kiss', which features percussionist Dame Evelyn Glennie's rousing and often breathtaking drum score, that is the highlight of this vast and diverse musical landscape", calling the track "epic" and "Underworld's 17-minute pulsing synth and percussion-driven masterpiece", "Q" called the track "hair-raising." while "NME" said it was "a formidable start to an epic show. A stunning piece."

</doc>
<doc id="36593145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593145" title="GeoEdge">
GeoEdge

GeoEdge is a developer of ad verification and visibility solutions for the online and mobile advertising industry.
Technology.
GeoEdge relies on a proprietary network of proxy servers worldwide to browse sites locally. It further developed software that emulates user experiences in different locations and devices.
In November 2011, the company was awarded the “Best New Technology” by ClickZ.

</doc>
<doc id="36593151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593151" title="Gosaveedu">
Gosaveedu

Gosaveedu is a small village in Gampalagudem administrative division in Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Gosaveedu has two government schools: an elementary School located in the center of the village, and High School. There is also a private school that uses both English and Telugu for instruction.
Gosaveedu has three temples—a Ramalayam temple, a Venugopalakrishna temple, and a Shivalayam—three churches, and one mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="36593155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593155" title="Roy Proebstel">
Roy Proebstel

Leroy "Roy" Lewis Proebstel (10 April 1893 – 3 March 1963) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#96), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Early years.
Proebstel was born in the American state of Washington and moved to New Zealand when he was seven.
Playing career.
Proebstel represented New Zealand on the 1913 tour of Australia.
Legacy.
Proebstel was named as the in the Petone Panthers' Team of the Century in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36593165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593165" title="Whistler Water">
Whistler Water

Whistler Water is a brand of glacial mineral water from the Place Glacier of British Columbia, Canada. It was first launched in 1991 by Vancouver entrepreneur and original owner Steve Lippman. The company was acquired by Danone in 2003, before being purchased by the current owners, the McLaughlin Family, in 2005.
The company is licensed to pump almost 1,000 cubic metres of water per day. Some 75% of the product is consumed in British Columbia, while the rest is exported to Japan, Taiwan, and South Korea. Whistler Water is an active member of the International Bottled Water Association, the Canadian Bottled Water Association, and the National Sanitary Foundation.
History.
Whistler Water’s original source was located at Function Junction (British Columbia Highway 99 at Cheakamus Valley Road) in Whistler, British Columbia, and was used from 1991 to 1992 before it was moved to a secondary source because of industrial intrusion. Whistler Water, since 1992, has been sourced from Place Glacier outside Whistler, British Columbia. Original owner Steve Lippman was responsible for locating the Whistler Water source. In 1997, Whistler Water introduced the award winning Whistler Glacial Spring Water ‘mountain bottle’ packaging and began targeting export markets aggressively. The company relaunched the brand in 2009.
Source.
Whistler Water is pure glacial spring water sourced from Place Glacier, near Birken, British Columbia not far from the popular ski resort of Whistler. The area surrounding Place Glacier is pristine wilderness that has not been impacted by any industry or development. Whistler Water has a natural balance of minerals and is sodium free. The water has a pH of 7.0 (+/-0.4) and contains less than 50 PPM of total dissolved mineral solids (TDS), among the lowest mineral content ranks in the world.
Bottling.
Whistler Water's bottling facility in Burnaby, British Columbia is also co-packer for private label customers, as well as a number of international private label bottle brands and carbonated products. Bottle sizes are 350 ml, 500 ml, 500ml sport cap, 1 L, 1L sport cap and 1.5 L.
Awards and philanthropy.
Whistler's patented "Mountain Bottle" packaging has been recognized within the industry by the International Bottled Water Association and is recipient of the Beverage Packaging Global Design Award.
In 2011, Whistler Water was awarded a certification from the Canadian Bottled Water Association for Excellence in Manufacturing and was also a finalist in the 2011 Water Innovation Awards for Best Environmental Sustainability Initiative (Let The Bottle Live On Pledge) as well as for "Best ethical or humanitarian initiative" in Water for Africa from the UK, with Water for Africa, with Free the Children.
Whistler Water has been in a national partnership with the non-profit organization Free The Children since 2010. Whistler Water also supports a multitude of events and activities in British Columbia that primarily focus on health and well-being, arts and community.
Following the humanitarian emergency caused by Tropical Storm Washi in Cagayan de Oro, Whistler Water together with Rotary World Help Network Inter­national shipped 80,000 bottles of water to the Philippines.
Recycling and sustainability.
Whistler Water’s plastic bottles are all made using recyclable PET and they are oxo-biodegradable. The bottles are oxo-biodegradable as a result of the additive Reverte being introduced to the plastic during its manufacturing. Whistler Water is a Bisphenol-A (BPA) free company.

</doc>
<doc id="36593171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593171" title="Alan Marshall (New Zealand author)">
Alan Marshall (New Zealand author)

Alan Marshall is a New Zealand-born author and scholar working within the discipline of environmental studies. He has been noted as a key scholar in the field of environmental ethics. For his work in environmental scholarship, the University of Wollongong awarded Alan Marshall a doctorate degree.  Marshall has worked as an international researcher in institutes and universities all around Europe and in the Asia-Pacific region. For example, he's held research positions at NIREX (UK), IAS-STS (Austria), KUSTAR (Abu Dhabi), Presov University (Slovakia), Mahidol University (Thailand), and Curtin University of Technology (Australia).
Major Ideas.
Alan Marshall developed a postmodern version of the Human–Nature relationship, one that throws into doubt the very concepts of 'Humanity' and 'Nature'.  Marshall's approach is heavily influenced by the science of ecology but has been criticized as privileging one school of ecology, i.e. 'community ecology', over others such as systems ecology, and the ecology of Gaia.
In 2006, Alan Marshall founded The Ecomimicry Project, which tries to meld the science of ecology with sustainable design, environmental art, and the ethics of sustainability.
Examples of designs that emerged from this project include:
These designs have been praised in ABC Radio National and by the Australian art press.
Marshall is a scholarly critic of space exploration and the nuclear industry. His work in this area has been cited as insightful but usually regarded by scientists and engineers as being too radically 'environmental', especially his calls for the protection of the Martian landscape.
Fiction.
Alan Marshall is an award-winning writer of fiction. His works of fiction include an historical novel, "Lancewood", about an iconic New Zealand plant, and a science fiction radio drama called "This Pointless Thing Called Life" that was broadcast on NPR and XM Satellite Radio in the USA. In 2001 "This Pointless Thing Called Life" received the "Silver Award" from the Mark Time Awards by a panel that included Grammy-award winner Phil Proctor.
Along with Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, "This Pointless Thing Called Life" was nominated for a Vogel Award in the category "Best Long Form dramatic science fiction and fantasy production made in New Zealand in the year 2002".  "This Pointless Thing Called Life" has also been released as a graphic novel. Like his scholarly writings, Marshall's fiction explores the relationships between "humans and technology" and between "humans and nature".
The sequel to "This Pointless Thing Called Life" was another award-winning full-length radio feature broadcast in four parts on XM Satellite and by some NPR stations in 2003. This sequel was titled 'This Miserable Thing Called Life".

</doc>
<doc id="36593178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593178" title="Japan at the 2009 East Asian Games">
Japan at the 2009 East Asian Games

Japan competed in the 2009 East Asian Games which were held in Hong Kong, China from December 5, 2009 to December 13, 2009. Japan finished second on the medal table with 62 gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36593185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593185" title="OWSLA">
OWSLA

OWSLA is a vanity record label founded by Sonny "Skrillex" Moore, and co-founders: Tim "Bitvargen" Smith, Kathryn Frazier, and Clayton Blaha. Skrillex announced the label on 17 August 2011. The label's first release was Porter Robinson's "Spitfire", which reached number one on Beatport.
Skrillex (Sonny Moore) explained on his "Mothership 3" radio show that the name OWSLA comes from the book Watership Down, and refers to the name of "the elite rabbit army". Prior to the record label, Moore teamed up with Zedd, 12th Planet and Adam "Flinch" Glassco to release a free EP titled "Skrillex Presents Free Treats Volume:001" in 2011. The 19-track sequel was released on the record label on March 13, 2012.
OWSLA IV.
On 12 December 2012, OWSLA launched their subscription program, "The Nest" later named "OWSLA IV" to distinguish it from the blog "Nest HQ". This subscription is exclusive via drip.fm. Other participating labels include Mad Decent and Fool's Gold Records. The program allows monthly subscribers to early access or exclusive tracks and remixes, remix stems, DJ sets, discounts, and other rare/exclusive items.
Nest HQ.
Nest HQ is a blog formed in 2013. In April 2014, the website re-launched the Nest sub-label formerly hosted on Drip.fm now providing all releases as free downloads. The sub-label's first release on the Nest HQ was AC Slater's "Back to the Floor" EP.
Touring.
In October 2012, Skrillex announced the first OWSLA tour which saw an assorted roster of the label's artists tour North America. Performing acts included The M Machine, Kill the Noise, Jack Beats, Alex Metric, Birdy Nam Nam and Alvin Risk.
Artists.
Past signed artists:
Guest artists:
Upcoming Artists
Notable sub-label artists

</doc>
<doc id="36593187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593187" title="Medan Marelan">
Medan Marelan

Medan Marelan is one of 21 districts in the city of Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia.
Boundaries of the district (Indonesian: kecamatan):
In 2004, it had a population of 121.716 inhabitants. Total area is 44,47 km2 and the population density is 2737,04 inhabitants/km².
Residents.
Most residents in this district is the migrants whereas the tribal ethnic Malays Deli 30% only.

</doc>
<doc id="36593195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593195" title="Live house">
Live house

A live house (ライブハウス) is a Japanese live music club – a music venue featuring live music. The term is a Japanese coinage (wasei eigo) and is mainly used in East Asia. It most frequently refers to smaller venues, which may double as bars, especially featuring rock, jazz, blues, and folk music.
History.
The oldest live house is Coffee House Jittoku (拾得, after the Chinese monk Shide "Foundling") in Kyoto, founded in 1973 in an old sake warehouse. Soon afterwards the idea spread through Japan. In recent years, similar establishments started to appear in big cities in South Korea, Taiwan and China and many of them are also locally called "live houses."

</doc>
<doc id="36593197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593197" title="Abasuba Community Peace Museum">
Abasuba Community Peace Museum

The Abasuba Community Peace Museum, established in 2000, is located in Kenya, Homa Bay County, Suba North District, Mfangano Island, Waware location, in Ramba village. The museum was founded in 2000 through its founding curator, Mr Jack Maurice Obonyo. The museum is one of the first community museum to be supported by the National Museum of Kenya and the Kenyan government through the Tourism Trust Fund. Through this process the museum as constructed one of the beautiful community centre, museum gallery and a communal library.
The Abasuba community Peace museum has seven working staffs and over twenty indirect working staff within the rock art sites. The museum is also a research centre for students, doctors and professors and other related intellectuals wishing to study archaeological sites of the Lake Victoria region.
Rock art heritage has posed special challenges in attracting attention and visitors. These include inaccessible and unrecorded sites, little research or information and lack of protection against vandalism, and uncontrolled tourism. Managed tourism in the Suba District has the potential to create jobs and have a positive impact on the local economy. This helps to improve the pride and unique heritage found at the area.
In 2007, TARA received a grant from the Kenyan Tourism Trust Fund (TTF) to increase awareness of rock art, to promote rock art for tourism and to conserve and develop sites in a way that will lead to improving the quality of life in Suba District. To achieve this, training, improved infrastructures which includes a new museum and community centre and sustained, creative marketing are carried out. The design for the new museum was done by Phillip Okello of Urban Design Associates from Nairobi. The project is managed by Gloria Borona, a project officer at TARA.
Governing structure.
The Abasuba Community Peace Museum is managed by the Curator, and overseen by board members representing the various communities in Suba District. The following are the current board members:
The Museum also has an Advisory Board, whose members represent various disciplines and fields of expertise:

</doc>
<doc id="36593204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593204" title="Raattinam">
Raattinam

Raattinam is a 2012 Tamil romantic drama film, directed by K.S.Thangasamy, starring Laguparan and Swathy. It is produced by S. Madhan and featured music composed by Manu Ramesan . Raattinam is set in the port city which forms the backdrop for his tale on love and its ramifications.
Critical reception.
Indiaglitz wrote:"'Raatinam' is a movie that is entertaining and is an honest attempt". Behindwoods wrote:"Raattinam will stay in the minds of those who had struggled to make their love successful and it is not going to leave those who had failed to make their love successful".

</doc>
<doc id="36593207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593207" title="Hong Kong at the 2009 East Asian Games">
Hong Kong at the 2009 East Asian Games

Hong Kong competed in the 2009 East Asian Games which were held in Hong Kong, China from December 5, 2009 to December 13, 2009. Hong Kong finished fourth on the medal table with 26 gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36593231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593231" title="Arrow of Time/The Cycle of Time">
Arrow of Time/The Cycle of Time

Arrow of Time/The Cycle of Time is the tenth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel, released in 1991 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.

</doc>
<doc id="36593233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593233" title="Chronomégaphone">
Chronomégaphone

The Chronomégaphone, designed for large halls, was a compressed air gramophone which employed compressed air to amplify the recorded sound. It was used by Gaumont for the presentation of some of their early sound films.

</doc>
<doc id="36593234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593234" title="Mongolia at the 2009 East Asian Games">
Mongolia at the 2009 East Asian Games

Mongolia competed in the 2009 East Asian Games which were held in Hong Kong, China from December 5, 2009 to December 13, 2009. Mongolia finished eighth on the medal table with 4 silver and 16 bronze medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36593236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593236" title="Edith Skom">
Edith Skom

Edith Skom is the author of three detective novels with a nineteenth-century literature theme, published 1989-1998. The books feature amateur sleuth Professor Beth Austen, at 'Midwestern University'. 
Edith Skom is a Distinguished Senior Lecturer Emeritus in The Writing Program at Northwestern University.

</doc>
<doc id="36593265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593265" title="Thoại Ngọc Hầu">
Thoại Ngọc Hầu

Thoại Ngọc Hầu (chữ Hán: 瑞玉侯, born Nguyễn Văn Thoại, 1761-1829) was a Vietnamese military administrator of the Nguyễn dynasty. In 1926 the Chau Phu Temple was built to worship at his tomb on Sam Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="36593267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593267" title="Valitor">
Valitor

Valitor, formerly Visa Iceland, is Visa's and Mastercard's partner in Iceland and an online and e-commerce payment solutions company that operates internationally, offering services to partners, merchants, banks, and cardholders around the world.
On 7 December 2010, following the leak of the US diplomatic cables in February 2010 and the leak of Afghan War documents in July 2010, Valitor suspended payments towards the data company DataCell, the company processing donations for WikiLeaks. On 12 July 2012 a Reykjavík court ruled that Valitor had to start processing donations within fourteen days on pain of daily fines to the amount of ISK 800,000 for each day after that time, to open the payment gateway. Valitor also had to pay DataCell's litigation costs of ISK 1,500,000.
On 24 April 2013 Iceland's Supreme Court ruled that Valitor has to pay $204,900 per month to WikiLeaks if it continues its blockade.

</doc>
<doc id="36593282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593282" title="SWAGG">
SWAGG

SWAGG is the third studio album by Russian rapper Timati, released on June 8, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36593297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593297" title="Jahesh Tarabar Qom BC">
Jahesh Tarabar Qom BC

Jahesh Tarabar Qom BC is an Iranian professional basketball club. The club competes in the Iranian Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36593316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593316" title="John Gatfield">
John Gatfield

John Gatfield (born 15 June 1990) is a swimmer from New Zealand. At age 13, Gatfield was the youngest person to swim Cook Strait.

</doc>
<doc id="36593329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593329" title="Post-Blackness">
Post-Blackness

Touré's "Who's Afraid of Post Blackness? What it Means to be Black Now" describes the search for a Black Identity in 21st century, by rejecting the former tries of adopting one single notion of Blackness as the entire definition. Touré defines the 21st century as the era of Post-Blackness. The term itself was coined in the art scene during the 1990s by Thelma Golden, director of the Studio Museum of Harlem and the conceptual artist Glenn Ligon.
Post-Blackness.
The term Post- Blackness was coined by Thelma Golden and Glenn Ligon to describe “the liberating value in tossing off the immense burden of race-wide representation, the idea that everything they do must speak to or for or about the entire race.” Touré takes in his book "Who's Afraid of Post Blackness? What it Means to be Black Now" this term to describe Black Identity in the 21st century. According to Touré it is nowadays difficult to find a clear definition of what is black in terms of African American Culture. There are several attempts to even define when a person is black in America, one of them being The Kinship Schema. The try to define it results most often in the mixing up of definitions to find an identity in culture or in biological terms for example. This results often in Racial Patriotism, Racial Fundamentalism or Racial Policing. Additionally, Post-Blackness has not only to deal with the definition of being black, but with the Authenticity of Blackness. Touré comes to the point that Blackness is too difficult and is too wide-ranging to have a simple definition. However, he does not say that Post-Blackness is signifying the end of Blackness, but allows entering a period when the variety of what Blackness means and can mean, can be accepted as the truth. Michael Eric Dyson says that Post-Blackness may be rooted in Blackness, but is not restricted by it. What Touré entirely rejects are people who are trying to define Blackness in their own terms, therefore excluding others. He calls this fight for authenticity “cultural bullying” by “identity cops”. He differentiates between post-blackness and post-racial: in his opinion race still does exist, and he warns to compare it to post racial: post-racial would suggest colorblindness, and the claim that race does not exist or that society would be beyond the concept of race; in his opinion, this would be a naïve understanding of race in America. Touré sees post-blackness as such:” We are like Obama: rooted in but not restricted by Blackness”.
Touré interviewed about 105 persons for his book, among them politicians (i.e. Harold Ford Jr.), visual artists (i.e. Gary Simmons and Kara Walker), recording artists (i.e. Chuck D of Public Enemy), writers (i.e. Malcolm Gladwell) and academics like Dr. Beverly Tatum or Dr. Alvin Pouissant.
Origins.
The Post- Black generation differentiates itself by the former one in the way they grew up. Their parents grew up in segregation, having to fight for equal rights. Touré claims that Blackness became a constructed identity, to defend themselves efficiently as a group. Black Authenticity was very important. He calls it “boxed into niggerdom”.(21)
Duke Literature and African American Studies Professor Wahneema Lubiano defines Post-Black as the time when “you are no longer caught by your own trauma about racism and the history of Black people in the United States”. UC Santa Cruz professor Derek Conrad Murray claims that there was a “dogmatic transference of trauma”.
Today there are identity liberals as well as identity conservatives, who still try to define and preserve a chosen definition of Blackness. This search for an identity derives according to Touré from being constantly reminded as a black person of the status of the other. Toni Morrison´s The Bluest Eye is a famous literary example of this.
Facts and Statistics.
In 2003, Forbes magazine may have proclaimed Oprah Winfrey the country’s first black woman billionaire, but still most of the black middle class was in this period still part of the lower middle class. Since the election of president Barack Obama Darryl Pinckney is claiming, it has become apparent that being black middle-class is not as elitist as it used to be any more. The new black elite has become so big, that middle-class has become quite normal.
Eugene Robinson states in Disintegration: The Splintering of Black America (2010) that it is not the black poor who are trying to redefine black America. He claims that “pre-civil right one-nation black America” does not exist anymore, and that blacks do not share anything more than a few symbols left over from civil rights history. The black mainstream is now part of the economic and cultural mainstream America.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics on the other hand states in his report from 2010 that the median income of blacks had fallen from $32,584 to $29,328, compared to the national median income of $49,777. So while 43.7 percent of whites were categorized as middle-class, the percentage of black middle-class was 38.4 percent. The rest of the black population was divided into being 29 percent working-class and 23.5 percent was described as living in poverty.
Definitions of Blackness.
Blackness can and has been defined in many ways; here are some examples which tried to define Blackness in example through inheritance or political or cultural rules.
Authenticity of Blackness in Hip-hop Music.
Authenticity in hip-hop music refers to whether or not the artist exhibits exemplary identification with blackness as it pertains to historical struggle. The idea of authenticity in hip-hop is fluid, and ever-changing. An artist's authenticity is inextricably linked with the artists' blackness. A fluid depiction of whiteness causes there to be more defining and re-defining of what blackness is as black people are marked as a racial "other" by the changing parameters of whiteness. 
The Kinship Schema.
In general, history and/or science provide define the concept of race in a way in which it refers to the physical characteristics of individuals. Naomi Zack describes in Race and Mixed Race The Kinship Schema, which is a try to explain when a person is considered black or white:
“If a person has a black parent, a black grandparent, or a black greatn -grandparent (where n represents any number of past generations), then that person is designated black. But if a person has a white parent, or three white grandparents, or Z white greatn -grandparents (where Z is any odd number and n still represents any number of past generations), then that person is not thereby designated white.”
According to this definition, a person is white if no black ancestors exist, whereas one black person (or "non-white" person) in the line makes or person black, or at least not white anymore.
This is a rather new development; Willard B. Gatewood writes that between 1850 and 1915, white America moved from overlooking “some blackness in a person” to classifying persons with “one iota of color” as black. Naomi Zack concludes thus that according to this Schema, since white is also defined in terms of blackness, American racial categories are interdependent:
American racial categories are, since they thus do not give any positive definition of blackness, groundless and have no empirical foundation. She argues that racial designations refer to physical characteristics of individuals, which were for one inherited from their forebears but also inherent in people in a physical way. So if someone is being called “black” in common American usage, this does not only refer to the looks of the person defined but about the looks of all black people and how the person resembles them. What is perceived as typically black is what scientists now view as the mythology of race which is nowadays closely intertwined with the historical conditions under which the now-disproved scientific theories of race were formulated.
In example, W.E.B. Du Bois (who was aware of the lack of an empirical foundation in nature for the concept of race), suggested that the black race was a concept made up by white people. However, du Bois and other important writers in the black emancipatory tradition resist racism on the basis of their own acceptance of the concept of race. “
They argue that their educational, moral, social, legal, and economic deficits in comparison to whites are not physically inherited or necessarily acquired. But there is n sustained objection to ordinary racial designations within the tradition of black emancipation.”
The Kinship Schema can also be witnessed in popular culture. Famous actresses who are considered as being black, therefore representing African American Culture, are often only partly black, proving the Kinship Schema. Pam Grier and Halle Berry are both considered as black actresses and connected in some ways as well to Black pride, but both are only partly black:Mia Mask writes in Divas on Screen (2009) that Grier served both as a phenomenon of consumption (consumed by audience-consumers), as well as a phenomenon of production (produced by industrial institutions like American International Pictures). Therefore Grier was both an object of the gaze and a subject of narrative action in films, promoting the image of African American Women. This image was partly constructed by white people in addition that Grier was only partly black, in fact a mixture of American, Indian and African American heritage. Halle Berry is partly German, Irish, English and African American.
Their careers show another side of post- blackness; if Obama and Winfrey show the post- blackness in their "multi-linguality", Grier and Berry are signifiers of American Popular Culture and how black women are being perceived.
Racial Patriotism.
Racial Patriotism is the identification of views of Blackness with country patriotism. Touré says country right or wrong, becomes race right or wrong.
Racial fundamentalism.
Racial fundamentalists view race like religion; they have therefore often little tolerance for other readings of Black identity.
Eugene Robinson and the renaming of black classes.
Robinson renames the black classes, defining blackness through social classes. There is the Emergent class: African immigrants who are ascending on the social level, by outperforming Asian students at the university level for example. Then the Abandoned, or the underclass: blacks who are trapped by low income in neighborhoods and schools where it is impossible to project a decent future. The Mainstream: they may work in integrated settings but still lead socially all-black lives. The Transcendent: “a small but growing cohort with the kind of power, wealth, and influence that previous generations of African Americans could never have imagined.” Robinson hopes that the Transcendent class will provide leaders, like Du Bois´ Talented Tenth over a century ago. But Robinson’s expectations contradict his own evidence: blacks don’t feel race solidarity the way they used to. He cites a 2007 Pew poll that said 61 percent of blacks don’t believe that the black poor and the black middle class share common values.
Authenticity of Blackness.
This term is used by Touré to define the division that is being made by blacks themselves, in terms of what is authentically or genuinely black. Sexual orientation, regional variety, geographical diversity class location or religion can be a reason for exclusion from a particular black group and their beliefs. A single “black identity” may have served well in times of slavery but is in his opinion not sufficient to serve as a means to define race.
Blackness, or who and what is black, has been tried to define in sociological, biological or political terms. These are some examples:
Examples of Post- Blackness in American Culture.
Other than Pam Grier and Halle Berry in popular culture, Obama and Oprah Winfrey are both prime examples for post-blackness in society:
Obama and Oprah Winfrey.
Touré claims that to have “Black success”, "multi-linguality" is necessary: the ability to be able to switch between different ways of Blackness. Obama and Oprah Winfrey are prime examples for that, switching between different roles of Black identity. He claims that Blackness may be an important part of them, but that Blackness does not dominate their persona. Both are able to switch between different modes of being black, so that they “can trust and also be trusted by European-Americans” but at the same time be able to “display the many forms of blackness when the occasion demands”.
The word Nigga.
Post- blackness cannot only be witnessed through individuals in culture, but also in its language. The word Nigga and its cultural development is an example for this: The usage of the word Nigga nowadays shows additionally another side of post- blackness in American Society. The term is not only being used in America, but by blacks in general, in example from Africa as well, sometimes thereby annoying Americans. Santigold said that she sees white children as well calling each other Nigga. The word is not taboo any more; its meaning has changed entirely for most people. This proves that in the era of post-blackness, racism may not have been erased, but it has changed, old identities blurred.
Janelle Monáe.
Janelle Monáe is a perfect example for post- blackness in the field of art, according to Orlando Patterson. Although not listed in Touré's list, Patterson claims that her stage performances are “the ultimate in post-blackness”. She is a retro-futuristic singer, who is portraying androids as “the Other”. At her concerts she is handing out the “Ten Droid Commandments” for individuality.
Criticism.
Orlando Patterson.
He concludes that the sole common experience for blacks in post-blackness is “nothing more” than shared experiences in everyday life: to live with and overcome “old-fashioned racism” and learning to live with the white gaze. He sees therefore a close resemblance to Alan Dershowitz's theory of “the Tsuris Theory of Jewish Survival”; in that he claims that American Jews are always in need of “external troubles and imagined enemies” to maintain their identity.
Darryl Pinckney.
He states that although black people may be in the mainstream now, black history is not, the prime example being The Shooting of Trayvon Martin. Henry Louis Gates Jr. calls the recognition scene, when the young boy realizes that he is different, Trayvon Martin’s moment of instruction. There he must have realized that “the white world sees black people as different, no matter how blacks feel inside—has a history, one that yanks everybody back a step”. Touré takes the more sensationalistic term for Gates´ moment of instruction the “nigger wake-up call”. Also, in his opinion, Touré represents “the anti-essentialist idea of blackness, a discourse of privilege, far from the race feeling that said if it happens to one of us, it happens to all of us”. Pinckney reminds the reader that history is not so long ago after all, even if black people want to forget. Touré seems to leave out that racism is not for all blacks the same. He writes from the perspective of a privileged black person.
Michelle Alexander.
She describes in her book The New Jim Crow (2010) how the War on Drugs is today’s extension of America’s overseer-style management of black men. She claims that like Vagrancy Laws were a form of social control, today this happens in form of the War on Drugs, which is also aimed at minorities.
Randall Kennedy.
He agrees with Touré's idea that no black should feel excluded due to issues of “blackness authenticity”. He disagrees however with the point that it is always wrong for blacks to question the “fidelity to black America” of other blacks. He adds that Stephen L. Carter wrote in 'Confessions of an Affirmative Action Baby' that "loving our people and loving our culture does not require any restriction on what black people can think or say or do or be ... " When Touré refers to “our commonality” it is thus not clear what he means; if all can be black, then it is open what exactly this commonality includes. Kennedy states that boundaries and discipline are always fundamental aspects of a community; therefore Touré and his allies are trying to escape what basically defines a community. If there are no boundaries, there is no community. He too criticizes Touré for the perspective he is writing from: he himself is a “preppy talking, privileged black man”. Touré also voices an instrumental patriotism when he refers to the black man's “American-ness”. Kennedy thinks that a person can be indeed de-blacked (a term coined by Washington University Professor Kimberly Jade Norwood), and that a person who pursues a course of conduct that convincingly demonstrates the absence of even a minimal communal allegiance, should be rightly excluded. Another point is racial authenticity: although Kennedy agrees that whether black people are skiing or not is not the point of authenticity, he disagrees with Touré that everything is authentic: one should differentiate between specious and defensible notions of racial authenticity; out of frustration with the former, Touré throws out the latter.
Abdul Ali.
He wrote in "The Washington Independent Review of Books" that Touré is writing like he himself as unresolved issues with his own blackness, rather than dealing with Black identity from a neutral point of view. He verifies this thesis by pointing at the 105 people who were interviewed by Touré to give a definition on blackness: all are either celebrities or upper class, lacking any “normal persons” like workers, immigrants or such, therefore lacking any diversity. Furthermore he stresses the point that Touré writes about not having ever had a “typical black experience”, like his father did. This statement combined with the lack of “ordinary people” in his interviews makes Ali conclude that Touré ´s lack of perspective from “ordinary” black folks in this work” raises the question of whether the author is pandering to the white gaze by showing an über-sophisticated list of interview subjects, and not black people in our diversity”. The critic concludes that Touré has no real idea what Blackness is and that “we’re not post-black: just as we’re not post-American”.
Ben Daité.
He writes in '‘Post-Blackness’ Within A Racial America? Relations To Black Cinema" that no authentic black person would talk about or try to define blackness. Persons like Touré or Henry Louis Gates are struggling with their own identities, “constantly plugging our ears with the, ‘we are black too!’”. The critic acknowledges that the margins of slavery have been more clearly defined in the times of slavery than now, but that according to Malcolm X this is only evidence of the dilution he warned of. If Touré argues that there is no post.racial America, than Daité concludes, a post-blackness is not even possible. Touré is writing from a privileged point of view, disregarding the Color Line.
Competing and Comparable Theses.
Post- blackness stresses the point that there are many different ways of defining what black is, but that they are all right. There are also some ideas not about how the borders of blackness blur, but that the borders of all races start to blur in a way in which post-blackness would not be an issue anymore:
Melissa V. Harris –Perry's "Sister Citizen".
Melissa Harris-Perry, a political science professor at Tulane University, deals with the unique experiences of African American women. Black women have been constrained throughout history by three stereotypes: the nurturing mammy, the lascivious Jezebel and the stiff-necked, unyielding matriarch. These archetypes are according to her additional obstacles compared to black men. “Strong is the default category for describing black women,” she writes. “But the myth leaves them sicker, less satisfied and more burdened than any other group.” According to her African American women are being “misrecognized” by society and by themselves; blackness in America is marked by shame that makes blacks view themselves as malignant. As a result, to escape that shame, black women are often politically involved. For example, in a literary way like Zora Neale Hurston or Ntozake Shange. In her opinion it is not only white people responsible for this; a lot of responsibility lies in the black community itself, through black liberation theology's silence on gender or the gender inequality in Christian churches in general; women's achievements in the civil rights movement have not been acknowledged enough or sometimes not at all. Most of the limitations today have not been placed by white people, but by the expectations of black women (or people in general) on themselves.
The Declining Significance of Race by Wilson.
The Declining Significance of Race is an article by William Julius Wilson, (reprinted from Society Jan./Feb. 1978) written in 1978.
In this article he stresses that the economic sphere, class has become more important than race. He acknowledges that the traditional forms of racial segregation and discrimination still exist in contemporary America and that when the article was written blacks still were not welcomed into some private institutions and social arrangements like residential areas or private social clubs. Therefore the black underclass still had the same problems, but privileged blacks came into a zone were the rules of economy were stronger than the rules of class. He therefore defines three stages of American class relations to explain how this was made possible. In those three stages the relationship of whites and blacks in America changed due to historical, political and economical events:
The three stages of American class relations in short:
1) The Preindustrial Stage: This is the period of plantation economy and racial-caste oppression; it coincides with antebellum slavery and the early postbellum era.
2) The Industrial Stage: This is the period of industrial expansion, class conflict, and racial oppression. It begins in the last quarter of the 19th century and lasts roughly until the New Deal Era.
3) The Modern Industrial Stage: This is the period of progressive transition from race inequalities to class inequalities. It lasts during the modern, industrial, post-world war II era and really begins to crystallize during the 1960s and 1970s.
Criticism:
Still according to Darryl Pinckney, this thesis that in the modern industrial system the economic position had much more influence on a black person's life than his race was not well received by black critics: it lacked addressing institutional racism and systemic inequality. The season of extreme black rhetoric may have coincided with the doubling of the size of white middle class, because of new laws mandating equal employment. Still in order to be considered middle class, black families needed two incomes compared to whites with one. Black men were also disadvantaged compared to black women. Black women could enter white-collar jobs like secretarial and clerical work, since they were also jobs exclusively for women. A black man, to earn a comparable income to a white man, needed more education and needed also to be in a higher occupation than a white man.

</doc>
<doc id="36593342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593342" title="Yoon Seung-hyeon">
Yoon Seung-hyeon

Yoon Seung-Hyeon (; born 13 December 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a winger for NK Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="36593345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593345" title="Division Films">
Division Films

Division Films is a Los Angeles-based film finance and production company established by Wicks Walker in 2012. The company's first film was "Spring Breakers" starring James Franco, Selena Gomez, Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Benson. "Spring Breakers" was selected for competition in the 69th Venice Film Festival. 
The company then co-produced the two-film project, "The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby", which stars Jessica Chastain, James McAvoy and William Hurt, which will be shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
Division Films is also co-producing Werner Herzog's "Queen of the Desert" a biopic on Gertrude Bell, and producing Anthony Lucero's "The Clown" which stars Pal Hagen (Kon-Tiki), Stacy Martin (Nymphomaniac (film)), and Mikkel Boe Folsgaard (A Royal Affair).

</doc>
<doc id="36593356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593356" title="Norge IDAG">
Norge IDAG

Norge IDAG ("Norway Today") is a Norwegian Christian newspaper that is being published in Norway's second-largest city Bergen. Editor-in-chief is Finn Jarle Sæle.
In cooperation with the television channel Visjon Norge, Norge IDAG bought former cinema Forum kino on Danmarksplass in Bergen. There the newspaper's new offices are located after previously having been at Bønes.
Norge IDAG is published once a week, and in addition to its publishing it also has made investments in a number of real estate projects.
Controversies.
Among the editorial positions taken by the newspaper is opposition to legalizing gay marriage and gay adoption. The paper also served as a mouthpiece for Jan-Aage Torp when he encouraged Christians to use directed prayer in order to oust gays from positions of power.
This call for a prayer campaign was discussed in a number of media, including "Dagbladet".
Circulation.
Confirmed net circulation figures from Norwegian Media Businesses' Association:

</doc>
<doc id="36593358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593358" title="Vincenzo Mangiacapre">
Vincenzo Mangiacapre

Vincenzo Mangiacapre (born 17 January 1989 in Marcianise) is an Italian light welterweight amateur boxer, who won Bronze at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 2012 Olympics.
Biography.
In June he won Bronze at the 2011 European Amateur Boxing Championships where he lost to Thomas Stalker.
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships in September he beat three opponents before losing to Éverton Lopes 7:16. He qualified for the Olympics.
At the Olympics (results) he beat Gyula Káté 20:14 and Daniyar Yeleussinov 16:12 but lost to Cuban star Roniel Iglesias 8:15 and won Bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36593364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593364" title="Valters">
Valters

Valters is both a surname and a masculine given name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36593365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593365" title="Ayo Bakare">
Ayo Bakare

Ayodele "Ayo" Bakare (born March 20, 1960) is a Nigerian professional basketball coach.
Club coaching career.
Bakare has been the head coach of the Ebun Comets in the Nigerian Premier League.
Nigerian national team coaching career.
Bakare has also been the head coach of the senior men's Nigerian national basketball team. His Nigerian team qualified and competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36593371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593371" title="Reelin' in the Years Productions">
Reelin' in the Years Productions

Reelin' in the Years Productions LLC is a San Diego based licensor of musical performance footage.
In partnership with Eagle Rock Entertainment, Reelin' In The Years Productions released "Ray Charles - Live In France 1961," in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36593375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593375" title="Charles Goss">
Charles Goss

Charles William Frederick Goss (1864-1946) was an English librarian, polemicist and cataloguing innovator. He worked in English public libraries at the turn of, and the early, twentieth century, and was prominent among opponents of open access libraries in the UK.
Life and career.
Goss was born in Denmark Hill, in South London, in 1864. He worked in Birkenhead and Newcastle public libraries, before becoming the first librarian in Lewisham (beating 300 other applicants to the post). He was forced out of this post, and left to become the librarian at the Bishopsgate Institute until he retired. 
While there, he campaigned to raise the status and pay of library staff. He retired in 1941, and died five years later. Whilst there, he established some of their special collections in London history, labour history, freethought and humanism.
Open Access Controversy.
Goss was a vocal opponent of the move to open access libraries (as opposed to closed access, where staff would fetched titles requested by readers, from the stacks) In 1898 he obtained an apology from James Duff Brown in the course of their heated debate in the pages of the library press after threatening him with a libel action. Duff Brown had been at the forefront of introducing open access.
Descriptive cataloguing.
Goss preferred the printed dictionary catalogue to the card catalogue. He further attempted to improve the usefulness of catalogues as a search tool, by adding a short description, close to what would now be considered an abstract of the text. This extra description of books was intended to complement and assist in closed access collections. One such catalogue he produced was "A Descriptive Bibliography of the Writings of George Jacob Holyoake" for the Bishopsgate library.

</doc>
<doc id="36593388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593388" title="Macau at the 2009 East Asian Games">
Macau at the 2009 East Asian Games

Macau competed in the 2009 East Asian Games which were held in Hong Kong, China from December 5, 2009 to December 13, 2009. Macau finished sixth on the medal table with 8 gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36593403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593403" title="Chinese Taipei at the 2009 East Asian Games">
Chinese Taipei at the 2009 East Asian Games

Chinese Taipei competed in the 2009 East Asian Games which were held in Hong Kong, China from December 5, 2009 to December 13, 2009. Chinese Taipei finished fifth on the medal table with 8 gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36593409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593409" title="Three levels of leadership model">
Three levels of leadership model

The Three Levels of Leadership is a modern (2011) leadership model. Designed as a practical tool for developing a person’s leadership presence, knowhow and skill, it aims to summarize what leaders have to do, not only to bring leadership to their group or organization, but also to develop themselves technically and psychologically as leaders.
The Three Levels of Leadership model is notable for its attempt to combine the strengths of older leadership theories (i.e. traits, behavioral/styles, situational, functional) while addressing their limitations and, at the same time, offering a foundation for leaders wanting to apply the philosophies of servant leadership and “authentic leadership”.
It was introduced in a 2011 book, "The Three Levels of Leadership: How to Develop Your Leadership Presence, Knowhow and Skill", by James Scouller. In Wikipedia and elsewhere it has been classified as an "Integrated Psychological" theory of leadership. It is sometimes known as the 3P model of leadership (the three Ps standing for Public, Private and Personal leadership).
Limitations of older leadership theories.
In reviewing the older leadership theories, Scouller highlighted certain limitations in relation to the development of a leader’s skill and effectiveness:
Overview.
The model is intended as a practical tool for developing leaders’ leadership presence, knowhow and skill. It aims to summarize what leaders have to do, not only to bring leadership to their group or organization, but also to develop themselves technically and psychologically as leaders.
The three levels referred to in the model’s name are Public, Private and Personal leadership. The model is usually presented in diagram form as three concentric circles and four outwardly-directed arrows, with personal leadership in the center.
The idea is that if leaders want to be effective they must work on all three levels in parallel.
The two outer levels – public and private leadership – are what the leader must do behaviorally with individuals or groups to address the “four dimensions of leadership” (Scouller 2011). These are: 
The inner level – personal leadership – refers to what leaders should do to grow their leadership presence, knowhow and skill. It has three aspects: 
Scouller argued that self-mastery is the key to growing one’s leadership presence, building trusting relationships with followers and enabling behavioral flexibility as circumstances change, while staying connected to one’s core values (that is, while remaining authentic). To support leaders’ development, he introduced a new model of the human psyche and outlined the principles and techniques of self-mastery (Scouller 2011). 
The assumption in this model is that personal leadership is the most powerful of the three levels. Scouller likened its effect to dropping a pebble in a pond and seeing the ripples spreading out from the center – hence the four arrows pointing outward in the diagram. ""The pebble represents inner, personal leadership and the ripples the two outer levels. Helpful inner change and growth will affect outer leadership positively. Negative inner change will cause the opposite.”" (Scouller, 2011).
Public leadership.
Public leadership refers to the actions or behaviors that leaders take to influence two or more people simultaneously – perhaps in a meeting or when addressing a large group. Public leadership is directed towards (1) setting and agreeing a motivating vision or future for the group or organization to ensure unity of purpose; (2) creating positive peer pressure towards shared, high performance standards and an atmosphere of trust and team spirit; and (3) driving successful collective action and results. Public leadership therefore serves the first three dimensions of leadership mentioned in the overview section.
There are 34 distinct public leadership behaviors (Scouller, 2011), which break out as follows:
Leaders need to balance their time between the 22 vision/planning/thinking/execution behaviors and the 12 group building/maintenance behaviors. 
According to the Three Levels of Leadership model, the key to widening one's repertoire of public leadership behaviors (and the skill with which they are performed) is attention to personal leadership.
Private leadership.
Private leadership concerns the leader’s one-to-one handling of individuals (which is the fourth of Scouller’s four dimensions of leadership). Although leadership involves creating a sense of group unity, groups are composed of individuals and they vary in their ambitions, confidence, experience and psychological make-up. Therefore they have to be treated as individuals – hence the importance of personal leadership. There are 14 private leadership behaviors (Scouller, 2011):
Some people experience the powerful conversations demanded by private leadership (e.g. performance appraisals) as uncomfortable. Consequently, leaders may avoid some of the private leadership behaviors (Scouller, 2011), which reduces their leadership effectiveness. Scouller argued that the intimacy of private leadership leads to avoidance behavior either because of a lack of skill or because of negative self-image beliefs that give rise to powerful fears of what may happen in such encounters. This is why personal leadership is so important in improving a leader’s one-to-one skill and reducing his or her interpersonal fears.
Personal leadership.
Personal leadership addresses the leader’s technical, psychological and moral development and its impact on his or her leadership presence, skill and behavior. It is, essentially, the key to making the theory of the two outer behavioral levels practical. Scouller went further in suggesting (in the preface of his book, "The Three Levels of Leadership"), that personal leadership is the answer to what Jim Collins called "the inner development of a person to level 5 leadership" in the book "Good to Great" – something that Collins admitted he was unable to explain.
Personal leadership has three elements: (1) technical knowhow and skill; (2) the right attitude towards other people; and (3) psychological self-mastery.
The first element, "Technical Knowhow and Skill", is about knowing one's technical weaknesses and taking action to update one’s knowledge and skills. Scouller (2011) suggested that there are three areas of knowhow that all leaders should learn: time management, individual psychology and group psychology. He also described the six sets of skills that underlie the public and private leadership behaviors: (1) group problem-solving and planning; (2) group decision-making; (3) interpersonal ability, which has a strong overlap with emotional intelligence (4) managing group process; (5) assertiveness; (6) goal-setting.
The second element, "Attitude Toward Others", is about developing the right attitude toward colleagues in order to maintain the leader’s relationships throughout the group's journey to its shared vision or goal. The right attitude is to believe that other people are as important as oneself and see leadership as an act of service (Scouller, 2011). Although there is a moral aspect to this, there is also a practical side – for a leader’s attitude and behavior toward others will largely influence how much they respect and trust that person and want to work with him or her. Scouller outlined the five parts of the right attitude toward others: (1) interdependence (2) appreciation (3) caring (4) service (5) balance. The two keys, he suggested, to developing these five aspects are to ensure that:
The third element of personal leadership is "Self-Mastery". It emphasizes self-awareness and flexible command of one's mind, which allows the leader to let go of previously unconscious limiting beliefs and their associated defensive habits (like avoiding powerful conversations, e.g. appraisal discussions). It also enables leaders to connect more strongly with their values, let their leadership presence flow and act authentically in serving those they lead. 
Because self-mastery is a psychological process, Scouller proposed a new model of the human psyche to support its practice. In addition, he outlined the principles of – and obstacles to – personal change and proposed six self-mastery techniques, which include mindfulness meditation.
Leadership presence.
The importance and development of leadership presence is a central feature of the Three Levels of Leadership model. Scouller suggested that it takes more than the right knowhow, skills and behaviors to lead well – that it also demands "presence". Presence has been summed up in this way: 
"“What is presence? At its root, it is wholeness – the rare but attainable inner alignment of self-identity, purpose and feelings that eventually leads to freedom from fear. It reveals itself as the magnetic, radiating effect you have on others when you're being the authentic you, giving them your full respect and attention, speaking honestly and letting your unique character traits flow. As leaders, we must be technically competent to gain others’ respect, but it's our unique genuine presence that inspires people and prompts them to trust us – in short, to want us as their leader."" (Scouller, 2011.)
In the Three Levels of Leadership model, "presence" is not the same as “charisma”. Scouller argued that leaders can be charismatic by relying on a job title, fame, skillful acting or by the projection of an aura of “specialness” by followers – whereas presence is something deeper, more authentic, more fundamental and more powerful and does not depend on social status. He contrasted the mental and moral resilience of a person with real presence with the susceptibility to pressure and immoral actions of someone whose charisma rests only on acting skills (and the power their followers give them), not their true inner qualities.
Scouller also suggested that each person's authentic presence is unique and outlined seven qualities of presence: (1) personal power – command over one’s thoughts, feelings and actions; (2) high, real self-esteem; (3) the drive to be more, to learn, to grow; (4) a balance of an energetic sense of purpose with a concern for the service of others and respect for their free will; (5) intuition; (6) being in the now; (7) inner peace of mind and a sense of fulfillment.
Presence, according to this model, is developed by practicing personal leadership.
How the three levels model addresses older theories’ limitations.
The section at the start of this page discussed the older theories’ potential limitations. The table below explains how the Three Levels of Leadership model tries to address them.
Link with authentic leadership and servant leadership.
True leadership presence is, as Scouller defines it, synonymous with authenticity (being genuine and expressing one’s highest values) and an attitude of service towards those being led. So in proposing self-mastery and cultivation of the right attitude toward others as a method of developing leadership presence, his model offers a “how to” counterpart to the ideas of “authentic leadership” and servant leadership.
Shared leadership.
Most traditional theories of leadership explicitly or implicitly promote the idea of the leader as the admired hero – the person with all the answers that people want to follow. The Three Levels of Leadership model shifts away from this view. It does not reject the possibility of an impressive heroic leader, but it promotes the idea that this is only one way of leading (and, indeed, following) and that shared leadership is more realistic.
This view stems from Scouller's position that leadership is a process, ""a series of choices and actions around defining and achieving a goal"". Therefore, in his view, ""leadership is a practical challenge that's bigger than the leader."" He pointed out the danger of confusing "leadership" with the role of "leader". As other authors such as John Adair have pointed out, leadership does not have to rely on one person because anyone in a group can exert leadership. Scouller went further to suggest that ""not only can others exert leadership; they must exert it at times if a group is to be successful."" In other words, he believed that shared rather than solo leadership is not an idealistic aspiration; it is a matter of practicality. He suggested three reasons for this:
Now, potentially, this leaves the leader's role unclear – after all, if anyone in a group can lead, what is the distinct purpose of the leader? Scouller said this of the leader's role: ""The purpose of a leader is to make sure there is leadership … to ensure that all four dimensions of leadership are addressed.”" The four dimensions being: (1) a shared, motivating group purpose or vision (2) action, progress and results (3) collective unity or team spirit (4) attention to individuals. For example, the leader has to ensure that there is a motivating vision or goal, but that does not mean he or she has to supply the vision on their own. That is certainly one way of leading, but it is not the only way; another way is to co-create the vision with one's colleagues. 
This means that the leader does not always have to lead from the front or have all the answers; he or she can delegate, or share, part of the responsibility for leadership. However, the final responsibility for making sure that all four dimensions are covered still rests with the leader. So although leaders can let someone else lead in a particular situation, they cannot let go of responsibility to make sure there is leadership; so when the situation changes the leader must decide whether to take charge personally or pass situational responsibility to someone else.
Criticism.
One criticism of the Three Levels of Leadership model has been that it may be difficult for some leaders to use it as a guide to self-development without the assistance of a professional coach or psychotherapist at some point as many of its ideas around self-mastery are deeply psychological.

</doc>
<doc id="36593415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593415" title="Ahmed Dawood">
Ahmed Dawood

Ahmed Daood (1899-2002) was a Pakistani industrialist and philanthropist. He is the founder and eponym of the Dawood Group.
Born in Bantva in Saurashtra, Gujarat, India, Ahmed got introduced to business basics at an early age through working at his Grandfather’s shop of cotton yarn and various utilities. In 1920 he established his own shop in Bombay. He migrated to Pakistan in 1947 and initiated a number of industrial projects in East and West Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36593417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593417" title="Lemonia">
Lemonia

Lemonia is a genus of moths in the Lemoniidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="36593435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593435" title="Walter de Scauren">
Walter de Scauren

Walter de Scauren was an English medieval university chancellor. 
Walter de Scauren became Chancellor of the University of Oxford on 10 June 1341 after the cession of William de Skelton.

</doc>
<doc id="36593439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593439" title="Nada (Peter Michael Hamel album)">
Nada (Peter Michael Hamel album)

Nada is the fifth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel, released in 1977 through WERGO.

</doc>
<doc id="36593448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593448" title="Tunisian Division I Basketball League">
Tunisian Division I Basketball League

The Tunisian Division I Basketball League is the highest tier professional basketball league in Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="36593449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593449" title="Janaki Ramudu">
Janaki Ramudu

Janaki Ramudu is a 1988 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by K. Murari under Yuva Chitra Arts. The film stars Nagarjuna and Vijayashanti in the lead roles.
Music.
The music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan.

</doc>
<doc id="36593474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593474" title="Sabalia">
Sabalia

Sabalia is a genus of moths in the Lemoniidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="36593502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593502" title="Tilia chinensis">
Tilia chinensis

Tilia chinensis (Chinese linden, ) is a species of lime or linden tree that is endemic to China. It flowers in July or August when honey bees collect honey from its flowers. Especially famous is honey taken from the Chinese linden flowers in Changbai Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="36593506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593506" title="Bedan Karoki">
Bedan Karoki

Bedan Karoki (born 21 August 1990) is a Kenyan long distance runner that specialises in the 10,000 metres. He was part of the Kenyan team for the 2012 Summer Olympics. He won his place on the team by finishing third behind Wilson Kiprop and Moses Masai at the Kenyan Olympic Trials in Eugene, Oregon, which were held during the Prefontaine Classic. He finished fifth in the 10,000 metres at the 2012 Olympics in a time of 27:32.94, the highest finishing Kenyan in the race.
He won a silver medal in the 10,000 m at the 2011 All-Africa Games in Maputo, despite losing the trials, eventually gaining selection as a wildcard. 
Karoki has spent much of his career running the Japanese racing circuit, for example winning the Chiba International Cross Country three years in a row, from 2009 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36593556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593556" title="JAGO (German research submersible)">
JAGO (German research submersible)

JAGO is the only manned German research submersible. The submersible and the crew K. Hissmann and the pilot J. Schauer is located since 1. January 2006 at the GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel. The former owner was zoologist Hans Fricke from the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology in Seewiesen, Bavaria. JAGO can dive up to 400m and can carry one pilot and one observer. It can probe organisms, rock, gas and liquids. Furthermore it can be used as rescue and recovery vehicle for the northern baltic sea area. Due to the multidisciplinary connection between the GEOMAR and the Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel, scientists from the Cluster of Excellence "The Future Ocean" have occasionally access to the submersible. 

</doc>
<doc id="36593586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593586" title="Fornside">
Fornside

Fornside, part of an area known as St John's in the Vale, is a hamlet in the Lake District National Park of Cumbria, England. It is located about 4 miles as the crow flies to the southeast of Keswick, along the B5322 road. 
The name is believed to be of Scandinavian origin, Forn meaning "old" or "former".The hamlet contains little more than self-catering cottages belonging to Fornside Farm, and 'The Studio', the former house of an artist which was "originally a barn adjoining Fornside House and is about 250 years old". There is also an old green Residential Carriage at Fornside, despite there being no nearby railway. The farmer owners Robert and Pam Hall rear Herdwick sheep.On the western side is the Sosgill and Righause woods. 
Fornside is mentioned in Hall Caine's novel "The Shadow of a Crime" and visited by the character of Rotha.

</doc>
<doc id="36593587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593587" title="Scha Al-Yahya">
Scha Al-Yahya

Sharifah Nor Azean Syed Mahadzir Alyahya (born 30 May 1983), better known by her stage name Scha Alyahya, is a Malaysian actress, model and TV host.
She plays the lead character, Dania, a tomboy who struggles to achieve her dream of becoming a flight attendant, in the highly rated TV series "Awan Dania" which aired on Astro Ria for three seasons that made Scha a household name.
Early life.
Scha was born in Sungai Petani, Kedah to a family of Malay, Hadhrami Arab and Chinese descent. She is the second of four siblings. She holds a Diploma in Information Technology from PTPL College, Shah Alam and previously worked as a flight stewardess in the local commercial airline, Airasia. She quit flying when she started her career after winning the Dewi Remaja beauty pageant organised by Remaja, a local Malay teen magazine in 2006. She then decided to squeeze into the showbiz world after being cast by Azizi 'Chunk' Adnan, the director of "Antoofighter" and creator/former director of "Awan Dania" series. She got the role and never looked back.
Personal life.
Scha married Awal Ashaari on 4 May 2012 after three years of dating. They met in 2008 when they co-hosted a reality series called "Sehati Berdansa". Awal surprised her with his proposal live on TV through "Propaganza", a local gossip TV programme guest-hosted by the actress. They are expecting their first child together in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36593588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593588" title="Foulbridge">
Foulbridge

Foulbridge ("Fuchebruge", 12th century; "Fulkebridge", 12th, 16th century; "Feukebrigg", 13th-14th centuries; "Foukebrigg", 14th century; "Fowbridge", 14th-16th centuries)' is the site of a manor in North Yorkshire, England. The River Derwent flows nearby. Land in the area formerly belonged to Rievaulx Abbey and Foulbridge Preceptory was located here.
In medieval times the manor belonged to the Templars, before John de Dalton took over ownership in 1308.
History.
In 1177–81 and 1189–90, Foulbridge was a member of Settrington, but it afterwards passed into the overlordship of the Percys, Earls of Northumberland, and of the Mowbrays. John Lord Mowbray died seised of the moiety of the manor, which must have escheated to him, in 1322, and in 1327 the demesne lands were said to have lain fallow since the Conquest.
Foulbridge was probably the 'manor of Snainton' about which Ingram de Boynton and the Knights of the Temple made an agreement before 1226. John de Knapton also granted to that order rent and services in Snainton in the spring of 1240–1. In 1273 the knights held the manor and the 'empty windmill' of Foulbridge, and in 1307 the manor, windmill and 260 acres in 'waynage.' The Templars remained in power at Foulbridge until John de Dalton took over ownership in 1308. A claim was made by the Earl of Lancaster in 1334 that on the suppression of this order the manor had escheated to him, the liberties of the Templars having become extinguished. Judgement, however, was given for the Hospitallers, to whom Edward II had confirmed the Templars' lands in 1324. On the ground that he was diverting its revenues from the hospital, the custody of the manor was ordered to be taken from Thomas Salkeld in 1359 and given to English members of the order.
Sir Ralph Eure's 'place' here is mentioned in 1537, and the manor, late the possession of the Hospitallers and in the tenure of Sir Ralph Eure, was in 1555–6 granted to the Archbishop of York, but no later mention of it has been found. The Templars were said in 1273 and 1307 to give alms to every pauper who came, for three days weekly, whether by right or charity the jurors did not know.
In 1334 the bridge and road of Pul within the forest, which were highways for 'carriages, carts, drifts and packsaddles,' were in decay and broken. It was proved that the repair of the bridge with the road to the east was incumbent on the Hospitallers by reason of their tenements at Foulbridge; the road to the west was reparable by the nuns of Yedingham.

</doc>
<doc id="36593603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593603" title="Channel Technologies Group">
Channel Technologies Group

Channel Technologies Group (CTG) is a California-based manufacturer of military and commercial technologies.
Located in Santa Barbara, California, CTG is made up of three integrated brands: CI, ITC and Sonatech, who manufacture piezoceramics, transducers and sonar solutions, respectively.
History.
Channel Industries Inc. (CI) was formed in Santa Barbara, on March 10, 1959, by Robert F. Carlson and Bob Callahan. In 1983, a parent company, Channel Technologies was formed.
In 2009, CI, ITC, and Sonatech, Inc. were vertically integrated into Channel Technologies Group (CTG).
In December 2011, CTG was acquired by private equity firm Blue Wolf Capital Partners, LLC.
Organization.
CI, a subsidiary of CTG, is a manufacturer of piezoelectric elements in lead zirconate titanate, and Barium Titanate compositions.
ITC, founded in 1966, is an affiliate of CI and an incorporated subsidiary of CTG. ITC designs, develops, manufactures, and tests acoustic and ultrasonic transducers.
Sonatech, founded by Reg Cyr and Sam Stein, began operation in 1973. Sonatech designs and manufacturers navigation and sonar products.

</doc>
<doc id="36593628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593628" title="Valtin">
Valtin

Valtin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36593685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593685" title="Azerbaijan State Choir Capella">
Azerbaijan State Choir Capella

The Azerbaijan State Choir Capella an Azerbaijani choir collective established in 1966 and affiliated with the Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall. Repertoire of the capella includes more than thousand compositions of Azerbaijani and foreign composers (Johann Sebastian Bach, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Giuseppe Verdi, Carl Orff, Igor Stravinsky, Vasif Adigozalov, Mammad Guliyev and others) and also folk songs and various patterns of choir music in it. Members of the capella have participated at Soviet and international festivals and ceremonies held both in Azerbaijan and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36593694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593694" title="List of sports clubs in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames">
List of sports clubs in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames

This is a list of sports clubs in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="36593708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593708" title="Valtonen">
Valtonen

Valtonen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36593715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593715" title="Order of Friendship (disambiguation)">
Order of Friendship (disambiguation)

There are several national awards called Order of Friendship, or similar:

</doc>
<doc id="36593732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593732" title="North-Western Shipping Company">
North-Western Shipping Company

The North-Western Shipping Company () is a Russian ship-owning company within UCL Holding and is ultimately controlled by Vladimir Lisin's Fletcher Group Holdings Ltd. Founded in 1923 as the North-Western River Shipping Company, the company now owns a fleet of 107 vessels, totaling 400,000 DWT (Dead Weight Tons).
Business Description.
The North-Western Shipping Company serves an important role of delivering dry, general, and oversize cargoes from Europe and elsewhere to the Russian hinterland cost-effectively.
The North-Western Shipping Company's fleet of vessels includes dry cargo ships, bulk carriers between 1,500 and 7,000 DWT capable of navigating both rivers and seas.

</doc>
<doc id="36593754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593754" title="Fu Yubin">
Fu Yubin

Fu Yubin ( born 9 August 1963) is a former Chinese football Goalkeeper who is predominantly remembered for spending is whole career for Liaoning where he won several Chinese league titles and the 1990 Asian Club Championship. In his international career he represented China in the 1992 Asian Cup where he aided them to a third place finish.
Biography.
Fu Yubin started his career within the 1983 Chinese league season for Liaoning and despite being relevantly short for a goalkeeper he eventually established himself within the team that went on to win the 1985 Chinese league season. This soon saw him called up to the Chinese national team where he was part of the squad that was unexpectedly knocked out by Hong-Kong in the 1986 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign. While he didn't actually play within the game the humbling experience spurred him on and he went on aid his club to be the most dominant team within the league as well helping the team win its first continental championship when they won the 1990 Asian Club Championship. He then went on to establish himself as China's first choice goalkeeper and aided them to a third place finish after beating United Arab Emirates in a 4-3 penalty shootout. Fu retired by the end of the 1994 league season and moved away from football to join the Chinese entertainment business.

</doc>
<doc id="36593763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593763" title="Valukas">
Valukas

Valukas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36593774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593774" title="Valusek">
Valusek

Valusek (, also Romanized as Valūsek) is a village in Aqda Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36593793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593793" title="Hans Michael Maitzen">
Hans Michael Maitzen

Hans Michael Maitzen (born 28 March 1943 in Graz) is an Austrian astronomer.
After elementary (1949-1953) and secondary school attendance (1953-1961) in Graz, he began studying astronomy, mathematics and physics at the University of Graz in 1961, completing a PhD in astronomy in July 1967. During the last three years of his studies he was also a scientific assistant at the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Graz.
Thereafter he was a scientific assistant at the Institute of Astronomy of the University of Bochum from 1969 until 1976. From then till 1985 he was scientific assistant in the Institute of Astronomy at the University of Vienna. In March 1980 Maitzen received his "Doctor habilitatus" there in astronomy. Since 1985 he has been a scientific advisor at the institute. Author of more than 200 scientific publications, he has since 1986 represented the Austrian astronomical community in its relations with the European Southern Observatory (ESO). In March 1989, Kurt Waldheim, the federal president of Austria, granted him the title "Außerordentlicher Professor" ("Extraordinary university professor").
Maitzen developed a filter-photometric tool for discovering chemically peculiar magnetic stars, which detects a distinctive flux depression in the radiation of these stars around the 520-nanometre wavelength.
Maitzen is married and has four children.
Esperanto activities.
Maitzen is a professor of the International Academy of Sciences San Marino, known by its Esperanto initials as AIS, and has contributed to many of its study sessions. For several years he has served as a member of the AIS Academic Senate; from 2012 to 2015 he is serving as the Academy's president.
Maitzen is an active Esperantist. From 1968 to 1969 he was president of the World Esperanto Youth Organization. Several times he helped organize contributions to the "Internacia Kongresa Universitato," which offers specialized lecture programs coinciding with the annual World Congress of Esperanto of the UEA.
In Vienna he has made significant contributions to Esperanto life and culture through a 1987 international scientific symposium for the 100th anniversary of the Esperanto language and with a 2001 seminar on the occasion of the European Year of Languages. He collaborated on astronomical terminology for the second edition of "Plena Ilustrita Vortaro de Esperanto", a very extensive monolingual Esperanto dictionary often abbreviated as PIV.

</doc>
<doc id="36593800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593800" title="Văluţă">
Văluţă

Văluţă is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36593836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593836" title="Valvano">
Valvano

Valvano is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36593849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593849" title="Valvassori">
Valvassori

Valvassori is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36593868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593868" title="D (Deuter album)">
D (Deuter album)

D is the debut album of composer Deuter, released in 1971 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.

</doc>
<doc id="36593900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593900" title="Feng Zhigang">
Feng Zhigang

Feng Zhigang is a Chinese football Forward who played for China in the 1992 Asian Cup. He also played for Wuhan

</doc>
<doc id="36593928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593928" title="Abhaya Subba">
Abhaya Subba

Abhaya Subba (Nepali: अभाय सुब्बा) is a Nepalese singer-songwriter and musician, best known as the front woman of the Rock band Abhaya & the Steam Injuns. She is a former RJ of Times FM and Hits FM, and is famous for her progressive music and social initiatives.
Life & Career.
Born in Darjeeling, Abhaya completed her LLB studies from St. Xaviers, Mumbai. She worked as RJ in Times FM in Delhi and later with Hits FM in Nepal.
She started her music career with a local band Parikrama back in India, and was involved with it from 1993 to 1995. She was also affiliated with other Rock bands, "Red Skywalkers" and "Punchtatva", respectively, before making it big with "Abhaya & the Steam Injuns". She claims that her inspiration and the driving force is her father, who got her interested in music since her childhood.
She later collaborated with the Image Channel as a producer and the judge of a local talent program, "Sprite Band Challenge—Freedom to Rock"
Her music is influenced by Led Zeppelin, Blondie, The Clash, Steely Dan and Green Day.
She has a son with her husband, Kai Weise, who is a local architect in Nepal.
Mainstream success.
Abhaya claimed the commercial and critical success with her current band, "Abhaya & the Steam Injuns". The band was formed on January 2, 2003. Initially they were involved in playing live gigs in hotels and lounge bars. It was essentially an acoustic blues band before it kicked off as a rock outfit. Abhaya Subba, the lead vocalist, is also the founder member and manager of the band.
Darjeeling has always been famous for the "Darjeeling Himalayan Railways". It was the very tiny steam engines that chugs around the hills of Darjeeling that motivated Abhaya to name her band ""Steam Injuns”".
She has produced a rock band competition called Sprite Band Challenge—Freedom to Rock, and has judged it along with fellow Nepali musicians Robin Tamang and Dev Rana, where underground rock bands compete for an ultimate prize and a music contract.
Concerts & Tours.
Abhaya has participated in numerous concerts and international tours with her band, and other associated acts. She appeared in the concert, Women In Concert (WIC) VII, which took place on May 21. 2012, organized to celebrate the success of womanhood in the Nepali music industry, and to pay tribute to Vidhea Shrestha a core member of WIC who died in 2011.
Other work.
In May 2011, Abhaya participated in "Nepal Unites via Facebook", an event organized to warn politicians about the statute drafting within the stipulated time frame, with musicians like Nima Rumba and Aani Tschoing Dolma.
She, along with Lamp Lights, organized "Let there be lights", a protest-concert in Kathmandu, in February 2012, to solicit unity against the government's move on increasing load shedding. It was hosted by "Chirag Bangdel", RJ and famous painter. It was attended by the famous activist Shreedeep Rayamajhi
In a post-program interview, she responded;

</doc>
<doc id="36593929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593929" title="Cai Sheng">
Cai Sheng

Cai Sheng is a Chinese football Forward who played for China in the 1992 Asian Cup. He also played for Wuhan

</doc>
<doc id="36593932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593932" title="Daniyar Ismayilov">
Daniyar Ismayilov

Daniyar Ismayilov (born 3 February 1992) is a Turkmenistani weightlifter. He is competing for Turkmenistan at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36593936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593936" title="Joseph Dalton (priest)">
Joseph Dalton (priest)

Joseph Dalton (December 2, 1817 – 1905) was an Irish Jesuit priest born in Waterford. He was educated at the Jesuit colleges of Clongowes Wood College and St Stanislaus College, Tullabeg and entered the Society of Jesus in December 1836. He studied and served at various Jesuit institutions in Ireland and returned to Tullabeg where he had also taught in 1839–1840 and served as Rector from 1861–1865.
He led the first Irish Jesuit mission to Australia in 1866, and was responsible for the development of a number of churches and educational institutions. He also served in New Zealand for a time, where in 1878 he founded Saint Aloysius’ College, Dunedin. In Sydney, he founded St Aloysius' College, and he reopened St Patrick's College, in east Melbourne. He built Xavier College which opened at Kew, in 1878.
He became Rector of the Jesuits at Riverview, New South Wales, and he opened Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview. He lived after his retirement in 1883 at Riverview, where he died on 5 January 1905.
The Chapel of Riverview was later erected to his memory and is known as the Dalton Memorial Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="36593937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593937" title="Ezra F.C.">
Ezra F.C.

Ezra FC is a football club from Vientiane, Laos. It currently plays in the Lao League, the highest division of Laotian football.

</doc>
<doc id="36593938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593938" title="Lin Qingfeng">
Lin Qingfeng

Lin Qingfeng (; born 26 January 1989) is a Chinese weightlifter. He is 167 cm tall lifting a total of 344 kg (157 kg Snatch and 187 kg Clean and Jerk).

</doc>
<doc id="36593941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36593941" title="Bakhram Mendibaev">
Bakhram Mendibaev

Bakhram Mendibaev (born 27 August 1983) is an Uzbekistani weightlifter. He is competing for Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2013 Mendibaev was suspended for doping use.

</doc>
