<doc id="36700660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700660" title="Terang Boelan">
Terang Boelan

Terang Boelan (; Indonesian for "Full Moon", "Terang Bulan" in the Perfected Spelling System) is a 1937 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). Written by Saeroen, directed by Albert Balink, and starring Rd Mochtar, Roekiah and Eddie T. Effendi, "Terang Boelan" follows two lovers who elope after one is almost forced to marry an opium smuggler. The film was shot in the Indies and Singapore, and was partially inspired by the 1936 Hollywood film "The Jungle Princess". It was aimed at native audiences and included "keroncong" music, which was popular at the time, and several actors from Balink's previous work "Pareh" (1936).
"Terang Boelan" was a commercial success in both the Indies and abroad, earning 200,000 Straits dollars in British Malaya. This success revived the faltering domestic film industry and inspired films aimed at Malay audiences in Malaya, creating a formula of songs, beautiful scenery and romance that was followed for decades afterwards. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran described it as a turning point in the history of Indonesian cinema for its catalytic effect on the industry's growth. Like many Indonesian films of the era, "Terang Boelan" has been lost since at least the 1970s.
Plot.
Rohaya (Roekiah) must separate from her lover, Kasim (Rd Mochtar), so that she can marry her father's choice, the disreputable but rich Musa (Eddie T. Effendi). The night before the wedding, Kasim plays the song "Terang Boelan" for Rohaya, and they agree to elope. The following day, Rohaya and Kasim escape from Sawoba Island to Malacca, where Kasim begins work at a drydock and Rohaya keeps busy as a housewife. They discover that Kasim's old friend, Dullah (Kartolo), has lived in Malacca for some time.
Their life together is interrupted when Musa, who is revealed to be an opium dealer, discovers them. While Kasim is away at work, Rohaya's father (Muhin) comes and takes her back to Sawoba. Kasim, having discovered Musa's deeds, also returns to Sawoba and rallies the villagers to his side by telling them of Musa's opium dealings. He and Musa begin fighting. When it appears Kasim may lose, he is saved by Dullah, who had followed him back to Sawoba. The villagers and Rohaya's father agree that Kasim and Rohaya should be together, as they are truly in love.
Background.
During 1934 and early 1935, all feature films released in the Dutch East Indies had been made by the American-educated Chinese-Indonesian director The Teng Chun. His low budget but popular films were mainly inspired by Chinese mythology or martial arts, and although aimed at ethnic Chinese proved popular among native audiences because of their action sequences. The Teng Chun's dominance was an effect of the Great Depression and changing market trends. The Great Depression had led to the Dutch East Indies government collecting higher taxes and cinemas selling tickets at lower prices, ensuring that there was a very low profit margin for local films. As a result, cinemas in the colony mainly showed Hollywood productions, while the domestic industry decayed. The Teng Chun was able to continue his work only because his films often played to full theatres.
In an attempt to show that locally produced, well-made films could be profitable, the Dutch journalist Albert Balink, who had no formal film experience, produced "Pareh" ("Rice") in 1935 in collaboration with the ethnic Chinese Wong brothers (Othniel and Joshua), and the Dutch documentary filmmaker Mannus Franken. The film cost 20 times as much as an average local production, in part because of Balink's perfectionism, and was ultimately a failure. The Indonesian writer and cultural critic Armijn Pane wrote that "Pareh" had performed poorly with native audiences as it was seen as looking at them through European eyes. "Pareh" bankrupted its producers, and enabled The Teng Chun to dominate the industry – although with less traditional stories – for a further two years.
Production.
By late 1936 Balink had obtained financial backing from several domestic and foreign companies with which he, the Wongs, and Franken opened the Dutch Indies Film Syndicate (, or ANIF) in Batavia (now Jakarta). Although this new establishment focused mainly on newsreels and documentaries, on 1 January 1937 ANIF announced that it would produce several feature films, one of which was "Terang Boelan".
The story for "Terang Boelan" was written by Saeroen, a reporter with the newspaper "Pemandangan" who had close connections to the theatrical community, shortly after the domestic release of the American-produced Dorothy Lamour vehicle "The Jungle Princess" (1936), which served as an inspiration. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran wrote that this gave "Terang Boelan" stylistic and thematic similarities to the earlier film. The Indonesian film critic Salim Said also recognised such similarities, describing "Terang Boelan" as reflecting the "jungle princess" works popular at the time. Saeroen named the fictional island on which "Terang Boelan" takes place "Sawoba" after the crew: Saeroen, Wong, and Balink.
Production had begun by February 1937, under Balink's direction and with the Wongs as cinematographers, only to be interrupted by the relocation of ANIF's offices. Filming had begun by May of that year. Sources conflict as to whether Franken was involved: Biran wrote that Franken had been left in charge of the studio's documentaries, while the American film scholar Karl G. Heider recorded Franken as co-directing the film. As opposed to The Teng Chun, who aimed his films at lower-class audiences, Balink aimed his film at educated native Indonesians, attempting to show them not from a European perspective but as they viewed themselves. According to Said, this arose as a reaction to "Pareh" failure and resulted in a less ethnological approach. "Terang Boelan" was shot in black-and-white using highly flammable nitrate film at Cilincing in Batavia, Merak Beach in Banten, and Tanjong Katong in Singapore. The use of nitrate film may have been a factor in the film's later loss.
The cast of "Terang Boelan" mainly consisted of actors who had appeared in "Pareh". This included the leading actor, Rd Mochtar, and several minor players, including Eddie T. Effendi and Soekarsih. Other cast members, including the leading lady Roekiah and her husband Kartolo, were drawn from traditional "toneel" theatrical troupes; this may have been part of an effort to attract theatregoers. The film, which included the songs "Terang Boelan" and "Boenga Mawar" ("Rose"), required its cast to sing "keroncong" music (traditional music with Portuguese influences); because Mochtar's voice was ill-suited to the task, the musician Ismail Marzuki – who also composed the film's score – sang while Mochtar lip synced.
Release and reception.
"Terang Boelan" premiered on 8 December 1937 at the Rex Theatre in Batavia, the capital of the Dutch East Indies; it played to a nearly full theatre. Also marketed under the Dutch title "Het Eilan der Droomen", the film was advertised as showing that the Indies were as beautiful as Hawaii, a popular island paradise in Hollywood films. Posters also emphasised the use of Indonesian-language dialogue. William van der Heide, a lecturer on film studies at the University of Newcastle in Australia, notes that the film continued a trend of "Indonesianisation", or the application of a national (Indonesian) understanding to borrowed concepts; for "Terang Boelan" this indigenisation process involved the inclusion of "exotic local settings" and "keroncong" music. Such adaptations of foreign films had arisen several years earlier and continued long after "Terang Boelan" release.
The film was a commercial success, both in the Indies and nearby British Malaya. Native audiences filled the cinemas, most of them working-class people, including native fans of "toneel" and "keroncong" who rarely watched films. After being licensed by RKO Radio Pictures, the film was screened in British Malaya, where it was advertised as "the first and best Malay musical" and earned 200,000 Straits dollars (then equivalent to US$ 114,470) in two months. "Terang Boelan" proved to be the most successful production in the area until "Krisis" ("Crisis") in 1953, released after the Netherlands recognised Indonesia's independence in 1949.
Despite the success, ANIF was displeased with the film and halted its other non-documentary productions; one of the studio's cameramen, an Indo man named J.J.W. Steffens, suggested that ANIF's management preferred works of non-fiction as a more intellectual medium. Disappointed by the company's reaction, Balink left the Indies and emigrated to the United States in March 1938. "Terang Boelan" cast left ANIF not long afterwards and, after briefly touring Malaya, joined Tan's Film. They made their first film for Tan's, "Fatima", in 1938. Mochtar, who soon married fellow "Terang Boelan" actress Soekarsih, continued to be cast as Roekiah's lover; the two were a popular screen couple until Mochtar left Tan's in 1940 over a wage dispute.
Legacy.
The success of "Terang Boelan" led to an increase in film production in the colony, many of the films following the same formula, including songs, beautiful scenery and romance. Before "Terang Boelan", local studios had generally been unsuccessful in finding a formula popular with audiences, but the triple successes of "Terang Boelan", "Fatima", and "Alang-Alang" ("Grass", 1939) revived the industry. Four new production houses were established in 1940, and actors and actresses previously attached to theatrical troupes entered the film industry, which was reaching new audiences. Most locally produced films released in the Indies were made between 1939 and the Japanese occupation in 1942. Meanwhile, in Malaya, the brothers Run Run and Runme Shaw, drawing inspiration from "Terang Boelan" and "Alang-Alang" success with Malay audiences, established Malay Film Productions in Singapore, where it became one of the more successful production houses.
Heider considered "Terang Boelan" one of the two most important cinematic works from the Dutch East Indies during the 1930s; Balink's earlier film "Pareh" was the other. He notes that "Terang Boelan" "set the tone for popular Indonesian cinema", a tone that remained dominant into the 1990s. Biran considered the film a turning point in the history of Indonesian cinema, showing the possibilities of the medium and serving as a catalyst for further development. Said concurred, describing the film as a milestone in Indonesia's history because of the widespread formula it introduced. The repeated use of "Terang Boelan" formula has been criticised. The director Teguh Karya, for instance, denounced films that used it without building on it, leaving the formula "undeveloped and static".
"Terang Boelan" is considered lost, as are most domestic productions from the era. The Filipino film historian and director Nick Deocampo noted that productions made with nitrate film – such as "Terang Boelan" – burned easily and were thus easily lost, but suggested that copies of the film may have survived until the 1970s. In a 1991 publication Said, Heider, and the American translator John H. McGlynn expressed hope that a copy of the film might be lying around in someone's attic or closet in Indonesia or the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="36700696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700696" title="Stuart Paul Weir">
Stuart Paul Weir

Brigadier Stuart Paul Weir DSO, MC (29 December 1922 – 3 December 2004) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service during the Second World War, Korean War, the Malayan Emergency and the Vietnam War. He subsequently commanded the 1st Australian Task Force in South Vietnam in 1969–1970.
Biography.
Born on 29 December 1922 in Canterbury, Victoria, the son of a manager of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, Weir spent his childhood in Fiji. He was subsequently educated at Camberwell Grammar School in Melbourne, Victoria. After joining the Australian Army in 1938 he graduated from the Royal Military College, Duntroon as a lieutenant in the infantry in June 1942 at the age of 20. Transferring to the 2nd Australian Imperial Force (AIF), he subsequently served in New Guinea during the Second World War. Weir married Loloma Green of Richmond in 1944; the daughter of a missionary, Green had also grown up in Fiji and the couple later had a son, Tony. Weir was later awarded the Military Cross for his actions as a platoon commander in the 2/3rd Battalion fighting against the Japanese near Wewak in February 1945.
A regular officer, Weir continued to serve in the post-war Interim Army. As a captain he was posted to Army Headquarters before being discharged from the AIF in 1948 following the establishment of the Australian Regular Army. As a major Weir commanded a company of the 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (1 RAR) against Chinese forces in Korea in 1952–1953, before holding instructional positions at Duntroon, the Staff College at Queenscliff and the UK Staff College, Camberley. He went on to command 1 RAR during counter-insurgency operations in the Malayan Emergency in 1960–1961. Promoted to colonel in 1964 he was appointed Deputy Director of Military Operations and Plans at Army Headquarters in Canberra, a position he held until 1967. From January to August 1969 he served as acting commander of the 1st Division in Sydney, New South Wales, as a brigadier.
Weir took over as Commander 1st Australian Task Force (1 ATF) in South Vietnam on 1 September 1969. Believing that 1 ATF's primary role was to find and destroy Viet Cong main force concentrations and bases in the remote areas of the province, he moved away from the population protection operations of his predecessor and returned to earlier tactics which saw attrition of communist forces as paramount. Reflecting his aggressive approach, during his tenure the Australians conducted 21 major operations. These operations proved effective and the Viet Cong were unable to mount a major offensive in Phuoc Tuy Province during this time. Meanwhile, following signs that the main forces had left the province Weir pursued the local forces. By early 1970 the Viet Cong 274th Regiment in the Hat Dich no longer posed a threat to the task force, while D440 and D445 Provincial Mobile Battalions were reported to have left the province. After nine-months in command Weir handed over to Brigadier William Henderson on 31 May 1970.
Shortly after returning to Australia he suffered a heart attack and was medically retired from the Army in 1971. He was later awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his command in Vietnam. Weir subsequently settled in Buderim, Queensland, with his wife, and in his later years enjoyed golf, historical research, gardening, painting and writing. He died on 3 December 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36700699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700699" title="Vivaaerobus.com destinations">
Vivaaerobus.com destinations

VivaAerobus.com serves the following destinations (as of April 2, 2014):

</doc>
<doc id="36700710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700710" title="Ruth Lovegrove Jones">
Ruth Lovegrove Jones

Dr. Ruth Lovegrove Jones is a physiotherapist currently residing in the UK. She has worked in private practice for the last 20 years and is an expert in the fields of pain management, sports medicine and pelvic floor rehabilitation - working with elite athletes as well as non-active patients. She has a particular interest in chronic pain & the management of complicated pain patients who've tried multiple other forms of pain management therapy.
She was awarded a PhD from the University of Southampton with Professor Maria Stokes and Professor Victor Humphries, working collaboratively with Professor Christos Constantinou and Dr Qiyu Peng at Stanford University in California. This team of physiotherapists, physicists and engineers evaluated the dynamic function of the Pelvic Floor Muscles in women using 2D ultrasound and novel image processing methods. In collaboration with Leon Chaitow, she has co-edited the book, "Chronic Pelvic Pain and Dysfunction: Practical Physical Medicine".

</doc>
<doc id="36700726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700726" title="Philip Tilden">
Philip Tilden

Philip Tilden (1887–1956) was an English architect, active in the early twentieth century, who worked for some of the most prominent members of English society, including Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Lord Beaverbrook, Sir Philip Sassoon, Lady Ottoline Morrell and Gordon Selfridge.
Biography.
Tilden was born on 31 May 1887, the son of William Augustus Tilden, a prominent chemist who discovered synthetic rubber. Educated at Bedales and Rugby, Tilden joined the Architectural Association in 1905, leaving in 1908 to become an articled pupil to Thomas Edward Collcutt, with whom he later went into partnership. By 1917, he had established his own practice and for the next twenty years worked almost exclusively for a small circle of rich, interconnected, patrons for whom he designed, or re-constructed, country houses, gardens, chapels and churches, castles and a vast tower that was intended to sit on top of Gordon Selfridge's department store on Oxford Street, London.
His best known works, apart from the unexecuted design for the Selfridges tower, were all for politicians: from 1918 to 1923 he designed the Moorish Courtyard, compared by Honor Channon to a "Spanish brothel", and the gardens and swimming pools at Port Lympne for Lloyd George's secretary, Philip Sassoon and may also have worked for Sassoon at Trent Park. Later in 1920s he completely reconstructed Chartwell Manor for Winston Churchill and during the same period built Bron-y-de, at Churt in Surrey, as a country house for David Lloyd George.
By the late 1920s, Tilden's career had peaked: near bankruptcy, following some failed speculative developments; combined with a mental breakdown, which Bettley attributes to Tilden's attempting to reconcile his homosexuality with his marriage to Amalia Broden, a Swedish author; led to his leaving London entirely and moving to Devon. The latter part of his career was spent mainly in the West Country, where he undertook the restoration of a number of less important country houses for a variety of less eminent clients. Examples include the reconstruction of Antony House in Cornwall and of Sydenham House in Devon.
Many of Tilden's buildings now enjoy Listed Building status although this is sometimes due to the fame of their owners, or to work that pre-dated Tilden, rather than to his own efforts: examples include Port Lympne Mansion, Grade II* listed as at 29 December 1966; Chartwell, Grade I listed as at 16 January 1975 and Antony House, Grade I listed as at 21 July 1951.
In 1954 Tilden published his autobiography, "True Remembrances: the memoirs of an architect". Bettley considered it highly unreliable. Philip Tilden died on 25 February 1956 at Shute, Devon. His obituary in "The Times", described him as "an architect with a talent for restoring old buildings, though of a somewhat lush and luxurious taste."

</doc>
<doc id="36700727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700727" title="Jung Keun-hee">
Jung Keun-hee

Jung Keun-Hee (; born 8 December 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for the Chunnam Dragons in the K-League. He joined the Dragons in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36700750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700750" title="Dwitiyo Manob">
Dwitiyo Manob

Dwitiyo Manob or Ditiyo Manob () is a Bengali science fiction written by Bangladeshi writer Humayun Ahmed. This novel deals with the super natural powers of "Homo superior" (the next generation of "Homo sapiens") and it is inspired by 1911 science fiction The Hampdenshire Wonder.
Synopsis.
Mehtabuddin is a successful businessman living in Dhaka with his daughter. He has problem of anger management, and has promised his daughter Tuntuni that he will keep his cool for a week. A school teacher from Netrokona, Mehtabuddin's native place, sends a man named Khalilullah to meet Mehtabuddin; Khalilullah supposedly has "special power". Khalilullah appears very simple and rustic. However he astonishes them by staying under water without oxygen for several hours, and fixing electronic equipment with no tools and no training. Mehtabuddin, clueless on how to solve Khalilullah's mysterious power, seeks help from his knowledgeable and bookworm friend Jalal. Despite their strict examination of Khalilullah's exhibition of special power, the mystery remains unresolved.
Meanwhile, Tuntuni, an otherwise loner, strikes friendship with Khalilullah. Khalilullah reminisces that he grew his special power following a heavy bout of high fever in his childhood; he does not remember anything before. The school teacher from Netrokona further informs Mehtabuddin that Khalilullah may be a jinn. Mehtabuddin becomes increasingly restless and uncomfortable by Khalilullah's unresolved mystery. Jalal suggests that he could be ""Homo superior"", the next evolutionary stage of "Homo sapiens". Mehtabuddin locks Khalilullah in a room.
Moved by Tuntuni's telling of her mother's untimely death, Khalilullah endeavours to create a machine that would help reconnect with the dead. Tuntuni questions why Mehtabuddin locked Khalilullah. Growing emotional connection between Khalilullah and Tuntuni further unsettles Mehtabuddin; he arranges for killing Khalilullah while Tuntuni suffers from heavy fever.

</doc>
<doc id="36700774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700774" title="National Animal Resource Facility for Biomedical Research">
National Animal Resource Facility for Biomedical Research

The National Animal Resource Facility for Biomedical Research (NARF-BR) is ICMR's new flagship center founded in 2008, at Hyderabad, India. The center is a state of the art Animal house and Animal sciences facility. The center is located near Genome Valley, Turkapally Hyderabad.
The center is being established on the basis of ICMR's concept proposal submitted through the Department of Health Research
to Planning Commission of India. The center is funded by several national and corporate agencies. The facility houses primates, horse breeding, cats, and beagle dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="36700780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700780" title="2011–12 AWHL season">
2011–12 AWHL season

The 2011–12 AWHL season was the 1st season for the newly formed American West Hockey League. The AWHL was formed in the summer of 2011 by teams breaking away from the Northern Pacific Hockey League. The league shares a similar area as the America West Hockey League that merged into the North American Hockey League in 2003. Bozeman, Billings, Great Falls, and Helena all originated in the old AWHL and now appear in the current AWHL.
Playoffs.
AWHL Semifinals.
Missoula defeated Gillette in six games to advance to the AWHL Championship. Helena defeated Billings in five games to also advance.
AWHL Championship.
Helena swept Missoula in four games in the AWHL Championship to earn the first American West Hockey League championship.
USA Hockey Tier III Junior National Championship.
The Helena Bighorns, Missoula Maulers, and Billings Bulls won the right to represent the AWHL at the 2012 USA Hockey Tier III Junior National Tournament. Each team played 3 games in their pool, with the winners of each pool advancing to the national semifinals.
Helena Bighorns.
Helena won two games and lost one in pool play and did not advance to the semifinals.
Missoula Maulers.
Missoula won two games and lost one in pool play and did not advance to the semifinals.
Billings Bulls.
Billings won all three games in their pool and advanced to the semifinals. They lost their semifinal game 4-2 to the eventual national champion Atlanta Knights of the EJHL South.

</doc>
<doc id="36700817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700817" title="List of Ohio State Buckeyes bowl games">
List of Ohio State Buckeyes bowl games

The Ohio State Buckeyes football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), representing the Ohio State University in the Leaders Division of the Big Ten Conference. Since the establishment of the football program in 1890, the Buckeyes have played in 44 bowl games. Included in these games are 26 appearances in the "big four" bowl games (the Rose, Sugar, Orange, and Fiesta) and 10 appearances in the Bowl Championship Series, including one national championship victory in the 2003 Fiesta Bowl and two appearances in the BCS National Championship Game.
Ohio State's first bowl game came during the 1920 season when, under the leadership of eighth year head coach John Wilce, the team went onto the Rose Bowl where they would be defeated by California 28–0. Following their first Rose Bowl appearance, the school would not make another bowl appearance until 1949, when head coach Wes Fesler led the Buckeyes to the Rose Bowl again, this time defeating the California Golden Bears 17–14. Following Fesler, Woody Hayes took over the position of head coach at Ohio State and during his career would lead the Buckeyes to eleven bowl games and compiling a 5–6 record. The Buckeyes appeared in the Rose Bowl eight times during Hayes' tenure and would go 4–4 in those games. Hayes would also lead the Buckeyes to one Orange Bowl, one Sugar Bowl, and one Gator Bowl appearance during his time as head coach.
Earle Bruce become the head coach of the Ohio State Buckeyes following Woody Hayes in 1979. Bruce would lead the Buckeyes to the Rose Bowl in his first season, coming one point away from a national championship, losing to the USC Trojans 17–16. Over Bruce's career, the Buckeyes would make eight bowl appearances going 5–3 in those games. Ohio State also made two Rose Bowl appearances under Bruce, in which the team went 0–2. Following Bruce, John Cooper became the head coach of the Buckeyes and would lead the school to ten bowl appearances, including one Rose Bowl victory in 1997, the school's first Rose Bowl victory since 1974. Cooper would lead the Buckeyes to a 3–8 bowl record during his tenure. Cooper would also lead the Buckeyes to the Sugar Bowl in 1999, the first Bowl Championship Series appearance for Ohio State.
Jim Tressel was hired as the head coach of the Buckeyes in 2001 and would remain head coach at the university until 2010. Under Tressel, Ohio State made a bowl appearance in all his ten seasons as head coach and made eight BCS bowl appearances for a total of nine appearances for the university, the most of any other school. Tressel would also lead the Buckeyes to the national championship game in 2002, where the Buckeyes defeated the Miami Hurricanes 31–24 in double overtime for their first national championship since 1970. Tressel compiled an overall bowl record of 5–4 with one vacated victory, including two appearances in the BCS National Championship Game, four appearances in the Fiesta Bowl, one in the Rose Bowl, one in the Sugar Bowl, one in the Outback Bowl, and one in the Alamo Bowl. Ohio State would also reach the Gator Bowl in 2011 under head coach Luke Fickell, which they would lose 24–17 to the Florida Gators. In his second year as head coach, Urban Meyer led the Buckeyes to their tenth and final BCS game before the start of the College Football Playoff, a 40-35 loss to Clemson in the 2014 Orange Bowl. Their official all time bowl record currently stands at 19 wins and 25 losses.

</doc>
<doc id="36700822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700822" title="Marcelo Hennemann">
Marcelo Hennemann

Marcelo Hennemann (born 11 March 1962) is a former professional tennis player from Brazil.
Career.
Hennemann qualified for his only Grand Slam tournament at the 1988 French Open, where he beat fellow qualifier Stéphane Grenier in the first round. He was beaten in the second round by Thomas Muster.
He was more successful on the doubles circuit than as a singles player, winning two Challenger doubles titles.
The Novo Hamburgo born player was a doubles semi-finalist with Ivan Kley at the 1987 Athens Open and a doubles quarter-finalist partnering Jose Clavet at Palermo in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36700831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700831" title="Canal Solar Power Project">
Canal Solar Power Project

The Canal Solar Power Project is a project launched in Gujarat, to use 19,000 Kilometre long network of Narmada canals across the state for setting up solar panels to generate electricity. It was the first ever such project in India. This project has been commissioned by SunEdison India, and has been highly rated by noted energy expert Saurabh Kapur of India. 
Inauguration of Pilot Project.
Narendra Modi,Chief Minister of Gujarat, inaugurated a 1 Megawatt (MW) pilot project on 24 April 2012. The project is situated on the Narmada branch canal near Chandrasan village of Kadi taluka in Mehsana district.
The pilot project will generate 1.6 million units of clean energy per annum and also prevent evaporation of 9 million litres of water annually from the canal. The project virtually eliminates the requirement to acquire vast tracts of land and limits evaporation of water from the 750 meter long canal, tackling two challenges simultaneously by providing energy and water security.
Engineering and construction.
The engineering, procurement and construction contract for the project was awarded to Sun Edison at a cost of Rs 177.1 million. The pilot project was developed on a 750-metre stretch of the canal by Gujarat State Electricity Corporation (GSECL) with support from Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL), which owns and maintains the canal network.
The cost per megawatt of solar power, in this case, is likely to be much less than the estimated Rs 10-110 million, as the two banks of the canal will be used to cover the canal by installing solar power panel and the government will not have to spend much on creating basic infrastructure, including land acquisition .
Gujarat has about 458 Kilometre of open main canal, while the total canal length, including sub-branches, is about 19,000 Kilometre at present. When completed, the SSNNL's canal network will be about 85,000 km long.
Assuming a utilisation of only 10 per cent of the existing canal network of 19,000 Kilometre, it is estimated that 2,200 MW of solar power generating capacity can be installed by covering the canals with solar panels.
This also implies that 11,000 acres of land can be potentially conserved along with about 20 billion litres of water saved per annum.
Praise for the project.
Union New and Renewable Energy Minister Farooq Abdullah praised Gujarat's Canal Solar Power Project saying,
Abdullah said Damodar Valley Corporation, which has over 2000 Kilometre of canal network, will follow Gujarat's lead and mount solar panels that can generate up to 1,000 MW electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="36700846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700846" title="Distinguished Service to Music Medal">
Distinguished Service to Music Medal

The Distinguished Service to Music Medal is an award presented by Kappa Kappa Psi, National Honorary Band Fraternity. It is awarded to people who have contributed to the advancement of the wind band "as a cultural, musical and educational medium." The Distinguished Service to Music Medal has been awarded 137 times to 134 recipients.
The decoration itself is a golden star enameled in the fraternity colors of blue and white. The star, which symbolizes the fraternity ritual and motto, "Strive for the Highest", is surrounded by a golden laurel wreath, symbolizing achievement. Upon the star is the fraternity crest and the words "Distinguished Service" with the Greek letters "ΚΚΨ." The medal is surmounted by a lyre representing the field of music. The decoration may be worn as a neck order, suspended by a blue and white ribbon, for formal occasions or musical performances. The medal was designed by Jack K. Lee, Grand President from 1963 to 1965, and was first awarded to ten men and women.
Recipients.
First recipients.
The first recipients of the Distinguished Service to Music Medal were awarded it in late 1964 and early 1965. The reasons for which these ten men and women were awarded the medal served as the basis for the categories for later awardees.
All awardees.
Following is a list of all recipients of the award, from 1963 to the present.
Multiple recipients.
Hugh E. McMillen, former Director of Bands at the University of Colorado at Boulder and Past National President of Kappa Kappa Psi, has been awarded the medal for three causes: for concert band, alumni achievement, and fraternity service. Al G. Wright, Director of Bands Emeritus at Purdue University, is the only other person to receive the award in more than one category: concert band and marching band.

</doc>
<doc id="36700852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700852" title="Singles (Red Krayola album)">
Singles (Red Krayola album)

Singles is a compilation album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released on July 27, 2004 through Drag City. 

</doc>
<doc id="36700855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700855" title="Pegadaian">
Pegadaian

PT Pegadaian (Persero) is an Indonesian government-owned corporation which has a monopoly on fiduciary service in Indonesia.
History.
As a state-owned enterprise, Pegadaian has a long history which began in the 18th century when Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie (VOC), established Bank Van Leening, a credit institution extending on pawning system. Then the Dutch government issued Staadsblad no. 131 dated 12 March 1901 that principally govern that establishment of pawnshop was monopolized and only government runs such business. In accordance with this law, the first Pegadaian was established in Sukabumi, West Java on 1 April 1901.
In the early days of the government of the Republic of Indonesia, the office was moved to the Pegadaian Karanganyar, Kebumen because of the increasingly heated war. Dutch Military Aggression II forced office of Pegadaian moved again to Magelang.
After the war of independence, Perjan Pegadaian back to Jakarta and Pegadaian run by the Government of the Republic of Indonesia. In this period, Pegadaian has several times changed status, namely as a Perusahaan Negara (PN) since January 1, 1961, then by Regulation No.7/1969 a Bureau Company (Testament), and then based on Government Regulation. 10/1990 (as amended by Government Regulation No.103/2000) changed again into Perusahaan Umum (Perum).
Later in 2011, the status change occurred again from Perum to the PT as set out in Government Regulation (PP) No.51/2011 which was signed on December 13, 2011. However, the change is effective after the base budget is submitted to the authorities on 1 April 2012.
Products.
Until now there are many people who know Pegadaian from its core business, fiduciary. And in addition, the product is actually quite a lot. Here are some of the Pegadaian's services.
Conventional.
KCA.
KCA is based on the law of mortgage credit services with a loan ranging from 20.000 Indonesian rupiah to 200.000.000 IDR. Security its-kind move, both jewelery gold and diamond, electronics, vehicle or other household appliance. The maximum loan term of 4 months or 120 days and returns made to pay the loan and capital leases.
Kreasi.
This product is aimed at micro and small business loans as an alternative to collateral reg (fiduciary) and loan repayment through installments.
Krasida.
Krasida is lending to the micro-small entrepreneur on the basis of the return of mortgage loans through installments.
Krista.
Krista is the provision of loans to micro households in need of funds in the form of working capital loans through the loan repayment installments.
Kremada.
Kremada is provision of loans to the low-income groups to build or repair housing with return in installments. Cooperate with the Ministry of Housing.
Kucica.
Kucica is money remittance service, and cooperate with Western Union.
Sharia.
Rahn.
Rahn is a product fiduciary services are based on the principles of Sharia with reference to the modern administrative system.
Arrum.
Arrum is a product of the construction guarantee micro-fiduciary for small businesses with Islamic principles.
Mulia.
Mulia is gold selling by Pegadaian to the public who are interested to invest in gold for cash and installment. Gold has been purchased from Mulia can be sold back at the Noble Exchange at a later date if the needed money in a short time.
Slogan.
Company slogan of Pegadaian is "Mengatasi Masalah Tanpa Masalah "(English: "Solve Problem Without Problem").

</doc>
<doc id="36700874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700874" title="Okçu, Bor">
Okçu, Bor

Okçu is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the southern slopes of Melendiz Mountain. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Okçu was 194 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36700893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700893" title="Zilverparkkade">
Zilverparkkade

Zilverparkkade is a street in Lelystad, Netherlands, containing a continuous row of wall-to-wall buildings constructed between 2002 and 2007. The name is used to refer to the group of buildings as a whole, as they were constructed together as an architectural project within the framework of renovation of the city center of Lelystad. The word "kade" means "quay" or "embankment", as the buildings face an artificial body of water within a small park called "Zilverpark".
The Zilverparkkade was conceptualized by Adriaan Geuze of the urban planning and landscaping bureau West 8, who envisaged it as a mixed development of both office and residential use, with 10 narrow plots for separate buildings of differing height. Every building was designed by a different architect, resulting in a striking postmodernist lineup of facades. The concept of a number of different narrow, tall facades mirrors the historic canal house arrangement typical of many Dutch cities. Due to its modern and tall appearance, it is also compared to arrangements such as the Vlissingen seaside boulevard.
The individual buildings are (from left to right): 
Calliste.
Designed by Eric van Egeraat of the architectural bureau "EEE", Calliste is an office building at the corner of Zilverparkkade.
Dominor.
Dominor, designed by René Zuuk, is an office building with a facade adorned by concrete decorations resembling tree branches.
Koh-I-Noor.
Named after the famous diamond, it is a work by Rob Bakelaar of "Tekta Architecten".
Fensalir.
The "Fensalir" by Jeroen van Schooten (of Van Schooten and Meyer Architecten in Amsterdam) is the tallest building in Zilverparkkade. The ground floor and first floor (mezzanine) are designated for commercial space, storerooms and staircase with access to apartments which fill the upper floors. Floors 11, 12 and 13 form a "head" that stands above the neighbouring buildings, visually separated by the tenth floor breaking the line of the walls and exposing steel girders supporting the upper floors. This break is further emphasized by the upper floors being oriented east-west, providing the inhabitants with views not available from the lower floors and the other buildings, which are oriented north-south. Furthermore, the southern wall, facing Zilverparkkade and the Zilverpark, is "blind" on those floors. The building is named after Fensalir, a location mentioned in Norse mythology.
Aeratus.
The "Aeratus" is a nine-storey building by Pim van der Ven of Mei Architecten en stedenbouwers B.V. of Rotterdam. The five lower levels are devoted to office space, while the four upper ones are apartments. This is apparent from the facade, as only the upper floor levels have balconies. The facade is covered with oxidized copper (verdigris), which is reflected in the name of the building—"aeratus" means "fitted with copper (or bronze or brass)" in Latin.
The Wave.
With five storeys, the Wave is the lowest building in Zilverparkkade. Its English-language name, as well as principal theme, was inspired by the wavy bicycle bridge crossing Zilverpark pond. This is reflected by the wavy balcony floors between all levels, blurring the otherwise straight order otherwise reigning on the Zilverparkkade facades (although the building's floors actually follow the set order). The striking design is the work of Bjarne Mastenbroek of Amsterdm's SeARCH bureau.
Identi.
The Identi subscribes to the most popular combination in Zilverparkkade by having commercial space on the ground and first floors and apartments from the second storey up. The apartment floors are visually separated from the commercial floors by having balconies placed in white aluminium-lined recesses in the dark brick facade. The painted aluminium casings and facade recesses are used to emphasize the separate apartments, which include a maisonette on the fourth and fifth floor. The building stands out by being taller than most others in Zilverparkkade. Its top, eleventh floor is a penthouse with an atrium and glass roof providing lighting in lieu of the facade, which has been blinded. The Identi, completed in 2007, was designed by Paul van Bussel, who worked for the architecture bureau De Zwarte Hond.
Jocator and Klusor.
The "Jocator" and "Klusor" were the last two buildings to be completed in Zilverparkkade. Most of the other buildings were completed by 2007, leaving a gap. Harry Abels of IAA Architects of Enschede designed the two very different buildings to fill this gap. The construction of both began on December 19, 2008 and was completed in 2010, bringing the Zilverparkkade to a finished state.
"Jocator" can be translated from Latin as "joker" or "jester", and the building reflects the theme by having golden "broken smiles" surround its glazed balconies within its brick facade. Ten stories tall, it has commercial and office space on the first two floors and apartments from the second floor on. The Klusor is lower by two stories, and serves as a visual bridge between the Jocator and the lower, recessed "Zilverparkkade 130". This is visually and functionally emphasized by Klusor's large balconies, whose wrapping balustrades are constructed of transpartent glass covered with red patterns by the artist Hielke Leuk.
Zilverparkkade 130.
This building formally closes the Zilverparkkade, although a corner building at "Stadhauisstraat" adjoins it as well. To match the frontage of that building, "Zilverparkkade 130" is slightly recessed from the frontage of other Zilverparkkade buildings. "Zilverparkkade 130" features a restaurant stretching from the ground floor through first floor, and office space from the second to sixth floors. Most office floors have 192 square meters of lettable office space. The third floor houses a meeting room, while the sixth floor features another meeting room / office space of 67 square meters adjoining a terrace atop the fifth floor. The office floors have a double-skin facade with accessible balconies between the two glass "skins". "Zilverparkkade 130" was designed by Jouke Post, Aart van der Meulen and Constantin White of "XX architecten" (Rotterdam) and completed between 2006 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36700896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700896" title="Tepeköy, Bor">
Tepeköy, Bor

Tepeköy is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the southwestern slopes of Melendiz Mountain. Distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Tepeköy was 945 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36700901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700901" title="Cychrus lajinensis">
Cychrus lajinensis

Cychrus lajinensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Deuve & Tian in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36700952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700952" title="John Ertzgaard">
John Ertzgaard

John Ertzgaard (born June 18, 1977 in Nairobi, Kenya) is former Norwegian athlete who specialized in the sprinting events. 
His only major medal was the gold in 200 meters at the 1999 European U23 Championships. He competed at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney without advancing to the second round. The biggest success of his career was reaching the semifinals of the 1999 World Championships in Seville.
Personal Best.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="36700962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700962" title="Ian Saigatu">
Ian Saigatu

Ian Saigatu is a Fijian rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup, playing in all three matches at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36700964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700964" title="Lithuanian Braille">
Lithuanian Braille

Lithuanian Braille is the braille alphabet of the Lithuanian language.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows: 
Most of the print letters with accents are derived in Lithuanian braille by adding a dot 6 to the base letter, and those which already have a dot 6 through inversion (cf. Czech Braille, Esperanto Braille). "Ū" uses the international convention for a second "u". "Ž" is unusual, but perhaps forms a set with "s, š, z" (cf. Hungarian Braille). 
Several of these conventions are used in Polish Braille.
Punctuation.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="36700969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700969" title="Torben Theine">
Torben Theine

Torben Theine (born 10 July 1968) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Career.
Theine lost his only Grand Slam singles match, at the 1988 Australian Open, to American Paul Chamberlin. He also competed in the men's doubles, with Steve Shaw, but was unable to make it past the opening round. His two other Grand Slam appearances were both in the men's doubles, with Heiner Moraing at the 1989 Australian Open and Gavin Pfitzner at the 1990 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36700983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700983" title="Kaiyava Salusalu">
Kaiyava Salusalu

Kaiyava Salusalu is a Fijian rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
He also played for the Fiji National Rugby League side against Australia during the Super League war.

</doc>
<doc id="36700984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36700984" title="Tabriz earthquake">
Tabriz earthquake

Tabriz earthquake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701003" title="Japan in Paris in L.A.">
Japan in Paris in L.A.

Japan in Paris in L.A. is a soundtrack album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released on October 5, 2004 through Drag City. The short film "Japan in Paris in L.A." was directed by Bruce and Norman Yonemoto in 1996.
Track listing.
 

</doc>
<doc id="36701032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701032" title="Fili Seru">
Fili Seru

Fili Seru (born 11 March 1970) is a Fijian rugby footballer player who represented Fiji in the 1991 Rugby Union World Cup and the 1995 Rugby League World Cup.
Rugby union career.
Seru played rugby union and represented Fiji in ten tests between 1990 and 1993, including at the 1991 Rugby World Cup.
Rugby league career.
Seru then switched to rugby league and played for the South Queensland Crushers in 1995, as well as playing in four test matches for Fiji, including three at the 1995 Rugby League World Cup. 
He then played for the Illawarra Steelers for two years before moving to England and joining Hull FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36701069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701069" title="British Grand Prix (squash) 2011">
British Grand Prix (squash) 2011

The British Grand Prix 2011 is the men's edition of the 2011 British Grand Prix (squash), which is a PSA World Series event Gold (Prize money : 115 000 $). The event took place at the National Squash Centre in Manchester in England from 19 September to 25 September. Ramy Ashour won his second British Grand Prix trophy, beating Nick Matthew in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2011, the prize purse was $ 115,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36701079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701079" title="Tanja Žakelj">
Tanja Žakelj

Tanja Žakelj (born 15 September 1988) is a Slovenian racing cyclist, holder of multiple world- and European champion titles. She was born in Kranj. She competed in mountain biking at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She is the current (2013) European Champion and overall World Cup Winner.
Most notable achievements:

</doc>
<doc id="36701083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701083" title="2001–02 Paris Saint-Germain F.C. season">
2001–02 Paris Saint-Germain F.C. season

During the 2001–02 French football season, Paris Saint-Germain competed in French Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36701112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701112" title="Mount Grundy">
Mount Grundy

Mount Grundy is situated on the Great Dividing Range of northern New South Wales, Australia. The nearest large towns are Walcha and Tamworth. 
The native vegetation of the mountain has mostly been cleared for farming and pine plantations. However, there are remnant areas of eucalyptus forest with the rare Purple Pepperbush. Of special note is the cool temperate rainforest at the head of the Tia River. It includes geographically isolated plants such as the Southern Sassafras, White Mountain Banksia, Mountain Walnut and the Black Olive Berry. A new lizard species in the genus Lampropholis was discovered on Mount Grundy in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36701117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701117" title="Tenebrous Liar">
Tenebrous Liar

Tenebrous Liar (formerly known as Tenebrous) is a musical pseudonym of famed NME photographer and Careless Talk Costs Lives (magazine) founder Steve Gullick.
Tenebrous Liar started as solo home recording project, inspired by the onset of boredom and depression in between photoshoots.
Since conception in 2005, the project grew in membership to become a four-part rock group and has gone on to record multiple studio albums. Throughout the years Tenebrous Liar has experienced frequent line up changes with Gullick remaining as the only constant member of the group. The band cites its musical influences to be acts such as Neil Young, Nirvana, The Stooges and The Velvet Underground. In contrast to this, reviewers and critics often describe the music as having a darker tone, using terms such as grimy rock and bleak to describe the group's music. 
Tenebrous Liar have released 7 full length studio albums, the most recent four being released on TV Records, produced by labelmate Richard Warren.
Live.
Tenebrous Liar have played live with many artists over the years including Foo Fighters, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Soulsavers, The Magic Numbers, Will Oldham, Richard Warren, Josh T. Pearson, Black Spiders, Oxbow (band), The Icarus Line, Arrows of Love, Blood Red Shoes, Underground Railroad (band), Cindytalk, John & Jen, Ed Harcourt and Scout Niblett.

</doc>
<doc id="36701120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701120" title="Blaža Klemenčič">
Blaža Klemenčič

Blaža Klemenčič (born 1980 in Kranj) is a Slovenian cyclist. She competed in mountain biking at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36701123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701123" title="Harald Theissen">
Harald Theissen

Harald Theissen (born 23 March 1959) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Career.
Theissen competed in the 1982 Australian Open and won a five set match over Lloyd Bourne in the opening round of the singles draw, before losing in the second round to Mike Bauer. In the men's doubles he and partner Damir Keretić lost in the first round to Peter Johnston and John McCurdy.

</doc>
<doc id="36701124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701124" title="Piano Sonata (Stravinsky)">
Piano Sonata (Stravinsky)

The Piano Sonata, sometimes also referred to as Sonata for Piano or in its original French form, Sonate pour piano, is a 1924 piano sonata by Russian composer Igor Stravinsky.
Composition.
Stravinsky composed this sonata when he was in Biarritz and Nice in the summer of 1924. He finished it on October 21 that year. It was premiered by the composer himself at the Donaueschingen Festival in July 1925. It was eventually edited by Albert Spalding and published by Boosey & Hawkes in 1925. It is dedicated to the Princess Edmond de Polignac, Winnaretta Singer.
Structure.
The sonata is in three movements and takes between 9 and 11 minutes to perform. The movements are:
In some recordings, the first movement is titled "Moderato" and the third "Allegro moderato"; however, such titles or tempo markings are not present in the original score.
Analysis.
The first and the third movement are related to each other: both share the same tempo and both are in sonata form, each with its own recapitulation; furthermore, as for the thematic material, the first theme played on two hands simultaneously at the beginning is played again at the coda in the last movement. The first movement counters triplets with eighth notes, whereas the invention-like third movement consists of sixteenth notes that makes it more lively, closer to Baroque styles. The second movement is closer to the Romantic style of Beethoven, who, in Stravinsky's estimation, was one of the "greatest musical geniuses"; therefore, the ornamentation of the melody is more dense, which is unlike Stravinsky's simple and direct compositional style employed in the prior movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36701131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701131" title="Ed Fernon">
Ed Fernon

Ed Fernon (born 6 February 1988) is an Australian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701156" title="1964–65 Yugoslav Cup">
1964–65 Yugoslav Cup

The 1964–65 Yugoslav Cup was the 18th season of the top football knockout competition in SFR Yugoslavia, the Yugoslav Cup (), also known as the "Marshal Tito Cup" ("Kup Maršala Tita"), since its establishment in 1946.
Round of 16.
In the following tables winning teams are marked in bold; teams from outside top level are marked in "italic" script.

</doc>
<doc id="36701160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701160" title="Herb Mitchell (actor)">
Herb Mitchell (actor)

Herbert L. Mitchell, Jr. (June 18, 1937 – January 4, 2011), credited as Herb Mitchell and sometimes Herb L. Mitchell, was an American actor, director, and teacher. He was a stockbroker before he made the switch to acting, appearing in films; stage plays such as "The Fiddler on the Roof", in which he played the lead role of Tevye; television shows including "The Practice", on which he had a recurring role; and commercials, including ones for stock brokerage firms Dean Witter Reynolds and Paine Webber. He was married twice and had five children.
Early life.
Herb Mitchell was born June 18, 1937, in Bar Harbor, Maine. He was one of three sons of Herbert L. Mitchell, Sr., and Estella Mae Bourgeois Mitchell. He grew up in Bar Harbor, where he attended local schools, served as an altar boy in the local Catholic church, and participated in high school sports. Following studies at the University of Maine and the Maine Maritime Academy, he became a stockbroker in Bangor, Maine.
Acting career.
In the late 1960s, Mitchell joined a community theater group in Ellsworth, Maine, the Ellsworth Players; he eventually became its president. He was purely a behind-the-scenes participant in the group's stage productions until 1971, when director Bill Raiten persuaded him to take the role of Tevye in a production of the musical "Fiddler on the Roof". His portrayal won praise, including a favorable review by playwright Samuel A. Taylor. A New York City producer who saw the show offered Mitchell a chance to play the same role in an off-Broadway production of the musical in Brooklyn. Mitchell, as the father of four children, felt committed to his financial career and declined the offer. However, he continued to act in local productions in the following years, became disenchanted with his job, and decided to pursue acting as a profession.
During the 1970s, he became co-owner of a jazz club and bar that operated seasonally in Maine; he spent the off-season acting on stage in southern California. He auditioned for the television series "M*A*S*H" (1972–83) without success. By 1980, he was working in Los Angeles as an actor, appearing in films, television programs, live performances, and commercials. He portrayed roles in commercials for stock brokerage firms Dean Witter, as the company spokesman, and Paine Webber, as an executive.
In 1992, while living in Los Angeles, Mitchell bought a home in Blue Hill, Maine. In the early 1990s, he operated the Company of CharActors Theatre, which performed stage plays, one of which he directed, in Studio City, California. In the 1993 film "Gettysburg", set during the American Civil War (1861–65), he portrayed the real-life Union Army flag bearer Sergeant Andrew Jackson Tozier. In the early to mid-2000s, he survived three cancers and then moved back to Blue Hill with his family, where he semi-retired while occasionally appearing in local stage productions.
He reprised his role as Tevye in "Fiddler on the Roof" in May 1990 and August 2006, again directed by Raiten. He appeared in the television courtroom drama series "The Practice" (1997–2004) as the recurring character Judge Rodney White. In August 2006 he appeared at Ellsworth High School, in Ellsworth, Maine, as Eddie Carbone in a production of Arthur Miller's play "A View from the Bridge". Over the years, he was mentored in singing by Sheldon Bisberg, "his longtime musical collaborator".
Later years.
Mitchell was the father of four children with his first wife, Scarlett Kinney, and one daughter with his second wife, Janet Ahearn. At the time of his death he also was a grandfather of four. On January 4, 2011, he died in the Blue Hill home of his daughter Kathy and her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="36701161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701161" title="Corby Cube">
Corby Cube

Corby Cube is a major building development in the town of Corby, Northamptonshire, England, which opened on 2 November 2010 and cost £47.5m. The building houses a council chamber for Corby Borough Council, a Registry Office, a public library, a 450-seat theatre and a 100-seat studio theatre. The theatre has a programme of live productions, dance, music and standup comedy, complemented by a participation programme encouraging involvement of the whole Corby community. The theatre also screens films twice a week, including current mainstream and independent releases.
Financial and building controversies.
A report by Corby Borough Council in 2012 revealed that the Cube was built with dangerous design flaws and almost double its original estimated costs and a capacity of only half of what was planned. In 2012 the working group of the council’s Overview and Scrutiny Panel published its report into Cube. This looks into the development and construction of the building. However, the full report contained commercial, financial and legally sensitive information so the public version of the report which was issued was heavily redacted with considerable blanking of text.
In August 2012, the firm of architects of the Cube, Hawkins Brown, threatened to take Corby council to court over the report into the £12m authority-overspend on the Cube complex. Along with criticising the council board that ran the building project, the report claims architects Hawkins Brown did not stick to its brief. Among its conclusions, the report stated that the current Labour-controlled council: "incurred substantial unforeseen costs in order to bring the building into an occupiable state but with limitations on occupancy still unresolved". In September 2012, Hawkins Brown withdrew its threat of legal action against the borough council. The firm had, however, written to every borough councillor, asking for a chance to defend itself. Councillors were told not to respond "for legal reasons".
In February 2013, water began dripping through the council chamber's ceiling forcing councillors to hold meetings in the canteen. This followed snow and heavy rain. The BBC reported that the Cube cost £47m, over budget by £12m, but the final report on the project had not yet been released. Also in February, the length of time taken to publish the audit report into the overspend was been called "very disappointing" by Local Government Secretary of State Eric Pickles.
In June 2013 auditors found that the council had sold land now being developed by Tesco for millions of pounds below its market value. Corby Borough Council "may have made decisions contrary to law" in its management of a £67m regeneration scheme, audtors KPMG said.
Also in June, 2013, management of regeneration programmes, including the cube, by Corby Council was condemned by consultants appointed by the Audit Commission. KPMG said arrangements obscured who should make key decisions, oversight at critical points was insufficient and project and financial management was poor.
In July 2013 the Conservative group on Corby Council handed what they described as "suspicious" findings of an audit report into the financial dealings of Corby Borough Council to the police for investigation.
In August 1013 it was announced than another £600,000 was needed to mend roofs that have been leaking since the busilding was occupied. Work also needs completing on office space in the building which does not meet building fire safety regulations. 
Chief Executive, Norman Stronach later said that the council would "seek redress" from the architect and contractor and that action to recover extra money spent on the Cube is "a growing inevitability".

</doc>
<doc id="36701164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701164" title="Nicola Benedetti (pentathlete)">
Nicola Benedetti (pentathlete)

Nicola Benedetti (born 26 December 1985) is an Italian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. At the London 2012 Olympics, Benedetti set a world record time of 9:23.63 in the running element.

</doc>
<doc id="36701165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701165" title="Tina Mrak">
Tina Mrak

Tina Mrak (born 1988) is a Slovenian competitive sailor. She was born in Koper. She competed in the 470 class at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, together with Teja Černe.

</doc>
<doc id="36701169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701169" title="Hälsingfors">
Hälsingfors

Hälsingfors is a village in Lycksele Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden, very near to Lycksele Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36701184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701184" title="Teja Černe">
Teja Černe

Teja Černe (born 1984) is a Slovenian competitive sailor. She was born in Koper. She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. She competed in the 470 class at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, together with Tina Mrak.

</doc>
<doc id="36701188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701188" title="Nathan Picchi">
Nathan Picchi

Nathan Picchi is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for the Leeds Rhinos.
Playing career.
Picchi played for the Hawkes Bay Unicorns in the 1995 Lion Red Cup and also represented the New Zealand Māori.
In 1996, he signed with the Leeds Rhinos. His career lasted just one match, suffering a bad shoulder dislocation fifty minutes into his debut appearance. He was released at the end of the year.
In 1997, Picchi played for the Rochdale Hornets. He later played for Rotherham Giants and the Gloucestershire Warriors.
In 1998, he played for Manawatu and again represented New Zealand Māori.

</doc>
<doc id="36701214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701214" title="Riccardo De Luca">
Riccardo De Luca

Riccardo De Luca (born 22 March 1986) is an Italian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701216" title="Ok Kwan-bin">
Ok Kwan-bin

Ok Kwan-bin (hangul:옥관빈, hanja:玉觀彬, ? - August 1, 1933) was a Korean Resistance activists and politicians, Businessman. member of Shinminhoi(신민회;新民會) and Provisional Government of Koreas(대한민국 임시정부).

</doc>
<doc id="36701223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701223" title="Dugawan">
Dugawan

Dugawan (, ), is a neighbourhood of Lucknow, located north of the Charbagh Railway Station. Its name is a blend of 'Do Gaon', meaning 'Two Villages'.
It was established in the 19th century by the Sheikhs. The Sheikhs were given this piece of land (seven hundred acres) to settle in. This land comprised two villages.

</doc>
<doc id="36701234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701234" title="Antonis Remos (album)">
Antonis Remos (album)

Antonis Remos is the first album by popular Greek artist Antonis Remos released in 1996 by Sony Music Greece and AKTI. The album went Platinum in Greece. The song "Ti imouna gia sena" is the most popular and was written by Phoebus.

</doc>
<doc id="36701241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701241" title="Introduction (Red Krayola album)">
Introduction (Red Krayola album)

Introduction is the ninth album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released on April 18, 2006 through Drag City.

</doc>
<doc id="36701248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701248" title="James Gavet">
James Gavet

James Gavet (born 19 October 1989) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the Wests Tigers of the National Rugby League. He primarily plays prop and second-row.
Playing career.
Born in New Zealand, Gavet played his junior football for rugby union club Ponsonby and the Richmond Bulldogs before being signed by the New Zealand Warriors. He played for the Warriors' NYC team in 2009, scoring 2 tries in 18 games before moving on to the Warriors' NSW Cup reserve-grade team, the Auckland Vulcans in 2010.
In 2011, Gavet was named Prop of the Year in NSW Cup and signed a 2-year contract with the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs after playing them in the 2011 NSW Cup Grand Final. In Round 23 of the 2012 NRL season he made his NRL debut for the Bulldogs against the Brisbane Broncos.
On 12 December 2012, Gavet signed a 1-year contract with the Wests Tigers starting in 2013. Gavet missed most of the season with a foot injury and failed to make a first grade appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="36701259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701259" title="Shinichi Tomii">
Shinichi Tomii


</doc>
<doc id="36701272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701272" title="Primož Kobe">
Primož Kobe

Primož Kobe (born 1981) is a Slovenian long-distance runner. He was born in Novo Mesto. He competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36701274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701274" title="Pimelea urvilleana subsp. urvilleana">
Pimelea urvilleana subsp. urvilleana

Pimelea urvilleana subsp. urvilleana, commonly known as pinatoro, is a ground spreading shrub native to New Zealand. 

</doc>
<doc id="36701280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701280" title="Fabiane Niclotti">
Fabiane Niclotti

Fabiane Niclotti (born October 6, 1984 in Gramado) is a model in Brazil. She is also a student and a business manager of a store.
During the time of the Miss Brazil spell, she was nineteen years old, and was studying to be a nurse.
On 15 April 2004, she was elected Miss Brasil, representing Rio Grande do Sul, a state with a tradition of many Miss Brazil winners. Her time contesting for Miss Universe, she was seen as very beautiful, content and friendly. She studied English in London, with the money she received from winning Miss Brazil. She now studies Social science at Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul.

</doc>
<doc id="36701284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701284" title="Valeriy Andriytsev">
Valeriy Andriytsev

Valerii Andriitsev (; born 27 February 1987 in Kiev) is a male freestyle wrestler from Ukraine. He won the Silver medal at the Men's freestyle 96 kg at 2012 Summer Olympics. He won the silver in the 2012 European Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36701314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701314" title="Lusapho April">
Lusapho April

Lusapho Lesly April (born 1982) is a South African long-distance runner. He was born in Uitenhage. He competed in marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London but managed only 43rd place after falling mid-race.
He set at national record in 25 km road running (1:15:02 ) in 2010. He is a two-time winner at the Two Oceans Half Marathon. He set a course record at the 2013 Hannover Marathon, winning in a personal best time of 2:08:32 hours. He was the third-place finisher at the 2013 New York City Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36701317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701317" title="Dennis Bowsher">
Dennis Bowsher

Dennis Bowsher (born April 7, 1983) is an American modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701355" title="Toshiba Corporation shareholders and subsidiaries">
Toshiba Corporation shareholders and subsidiaries

Shareholders and subsidiaries of Toshiba. Together, these companies form Toshiba Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36701359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701359" title="Stefan Köllner">
Stefan Köllner

Stefan Köllner (born 11 September 1984) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701360" title="Red Gold (EP)">
Red Gold (EP)

Red Gold is an EP by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released on November 14, 2006 through Drag City.

</doc>
<doc id="36701362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701362" title="Briggs (rapper)">
Briggs (rapper)

Adam Briggs, better known by the stage name Briggs, is a hip-hop rapper and songwriter from Australia.
Briggs has released the albums "Homemade Bombs" and "The Blacklist", in addition to appearances on songs with other artists, such as the Hilltop Hoods, Funkoars, Drapht and The Last Kinection. In the live arena, he has supported international artists such as Ice Cube, KRS-One, Necro, Ghostface Killah, Dilated Peoples, M.O.P. and Pharoahe Monch.
In 2012 Briggs was featured on the ABC program "Message Stick".
Early life.
Briggs is an Indigenous Australian of the Yorta Yorta people and the tribe name is tattooed on his forearms; he has stated in an interview with "G&T" magazine that the tattoo's purpose is "so every time I rock the mic people know I’m representing."
Briggs grew up with his family in Shepparton, a city in rural Victoria, Australia. In respect to growing up in the area, the artist has stated that:
...where I’m from a lot of people are pretty far behind in their race relations. ... Growing up in Shepparton, it’s big enough not be a small country town but it’s just not that big yet. There are still a lot of small minds and a lot of stagnant attitudes as well.
Briggs was a student at Shepparton's Wanganui Park Secondary College, where he briefly played guitar in a punk band prior to his involvement with hip-hop. Briggs explained in a December 2013 interview that making a name for himself in Shepparton, for a range of reasons, was not difficult and the area was actually a reminder of the larger experience that was open to him and the diligence required to become involved with a music scene that was more significant.
Musical career.
Early days.
Briggs initially became attracted to American rap music and formed a group named "Misdemeanour" with schoolmate Peter Shiels. After renaming the group "912" (a combination of their house numbers), they performed a gig in Melbourne with Australian hip-hop artist Reason. Briggs later recalled that Reason was one of the first MCs that he had heard rapping with an Australian accent. Upon seeing the 19-year-old Briggs perform, Reason invited him to join an Obese Records record label tour that was followed by a role as the established artist's "hype man" (similar to a back-up singer). Reason explained:
I was pretty taken aback by this ... this big fella with so much energy and so much passion standing up there, proud of his ... his world of Shepp, and rapping in a way that, you know, is so comparable to some of the greats, some of the more powerful MCs, you know, that I’ve followed over the years. And he was only 19 years of age.
Briggs moved to the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda so that he could more easily access contacts in the local hip-hop community. While in Melbourne, he struggled to pay rent with the social security benefits that he was reliant upon—Reason stated on the "Message Stick" program that this period was beneficial, as it provided Briggs with an insight that has assisted his growth since that time. Briggs later stated in December 2013 that sacrifice is the "cornerstone" of his career, and his time in Melbourne was greatly representative of the scant lifestyle that defined his time in the capital city. Briggs explained:
The biggest step was moving to Melbourne when I was 19 or so, sleeping on couches, floors, futons and in nooks or crannys until I built enough of a name doing shows. Sacrifice is the cornerstone of my career. I sacrificed comfort, food and a lot of the times, a roof, to make my name.
Briggs independently released his first EP "Homemade Bombs" in 2009 with the support of a monetary loan from Hilltop Hoods' MC Suffa. The recording included the song "Bad Move", for which a video clip was produced, and a collaboration with Reason that is entitled "My Priority".
Golden Era Records.
The Hilltop Hoods signed Briggs to their Golden Era record label and invited him to be the support act on their 2009 European tour. Briggs accepted the tour invitation and the European trip represented the artist's first time overseas.
Briggs' debut full-length album "The Blacklist" was released in 2010 on Golden Era and included the single "The Wrong Brother" that was inspired by an incident in which Briggs was stopped from entering a Shepparton pub by security officers, only to be told, "Sorry mate, we got the wrong brother." Suffa appears in the music video for the song as a record label manager. The album also included the tracks "So Dangerous", with Trials (of Funkoars), and "I Wish". Briggs later revealed that he "didn't expect" the public's response to the album, which included a #3 ranking on the Australian iTunes hip-hop charts that lasted a duration of four days.
In October 2010, Briggs became the seventh MC to participate in the Rapper Tag series of videos that featured Australian rappers who had been "tagged" by Newsense.
The ABC indigenous affairs program "Message Stick" aired a half-hour documentary on Briggs' career in June 2012 that included interviews with Reason, Suffa and Trials.
Briggs released his single "Rather Be Dead" on 27 July 2012 and uploaded a corresponding film clip onto his YouTube channel "BriggsTheMilkman" the previous day—as of September 2012, the video had received over 30,000 views. The single was added to playlists on Australian youth radio station Triple J—it was featured on the playlist of the "Home and Hosed" program on 26 June 2012 and then appeared on "The Hip Hop Show" on 2 July 2012.
Briggs initially announced the release schedule for his second album as late 2012; however, in October 2012, the artist revealed that this had changed to early 2013.
Briggs commenced the recording of his second album, entitled "ShepLife", in 2012. Briggs coined the term "ShepLife" as a reference to the local lifestyle in his hometown of Shepparton. Briggs has used the hashtag "#sheplife" on Twitter, written a song entitled "#sheplife" that appears on the "Golden Era Mixtape 2012" and released beanies emblazoned with "ShepLife". In an online interview, he explained the intention behind the album in relation to that of "The Blacklist":
It was a pretty aggressive record. I said to JayHazard, Briggs’ production partner when I was working on stuff for the "ShepLife" album, "If "The Blacklist" was the punch in the face, "ShepLife" is why I punched you in the face." "Shep Life" kinda like the prequel.
In addition to appearing on the "Golden Era Mixtape 2011" and "Golden Era Mixtape 2013", Briggs hosted the "Golden Era Mixtape 2012".
In May 2013, Briggs and Jaytee launched a podcast available via iTunes. On 20 May 2013, Briggs used an image from the John Hughes film "Planes, Trains, and Automobiles" for a promotional post for the podcast on his Facebook fan page.
Touring.
Also in late 2010, Briggs was the support act on the Australian tour of American hip-hop MC Ice Cube, who Briggs described as "my favourite rapper since I was a kid." Also in late 2010, Briggs supported Perth MC Drapht on his "Rapunzel" tour.
In early 2012, Briggs supported Alabama rapper Yelawolf on his Australian tour. In late 2012, Briggs toured alongside Horrorshow, as both were support acts for the Hilltop Hoods. Together with South Australian MC K21 and former mentor Reason, Briggs was announced as the support act for the Melbourne performance of Jeru The Damaja.
Musical style and influences.
During his experience of finalizing "Shep Life", Briggs explained that his songwriting is "sporadic":
I don’t have a set process, sometimes I get a beat and I work from that. Other times I’m driving my car and get an idea and start to work on something from there. The inspiration can come from anywhere. My writing is very honest, I just try to capture that moment as best as I can.
In terms of his sound and style, Briggs described an evolving process in late 2013, whereby his sound has become "loud, aggressive, hostile and endearing at the same time". However, he also uses the term "thoughtful" to describe the sound of his second album.
Briggs mentions American artistic influences such as Dr Dre, Big Pun, Biggie and Guilty Simpson as older influences, but also states that he listen to contemporary American artists such as Pusha T and Danny Brown. In terms of Australian hip hop musicians, Briggs identified the following five artists in a December 2013 interview: Hilltop Hoods, Funkoars, Trem, Vents, Sesta, Daz, Layla, Hunter and Bryte.
The Yorta Yorta culture is also influential on Briggs's songwriting according to the MC:
I feel I represent my blood in everything I do, not just music. I dont feel the need to wave a flag in someones face at every chance I get because I’m already me ... I have my tribe tattooed on my arms and 2 Black, 2 Strong on my wrists. But thats me representing my people how I want. Not everyone is going to understand my path or my journey and they don’t have to. As long as I’m doing what I know is right and hold myself and my people to the esteem they deserve, no one can question me.
Awards.
As of 2012, Briggs has been the recipient of two Deadly Awards nominations: "Best Single" in 2011 ("The Wrong Brother") and "Hip-hop Artist of the Year" for 2012.
Charity work.
Briggs hosted a concert that was co-ordinated by Shepparton organisation "Word and Mouth", in which local young artists from indigenous and refugee backgrounds participated in performances.
Briggs played for the Eastside Kings team in the 2012 Robert Hunter Cup, an Australian rules football match organised to honour the memory of Australian hip hop MC Hunter. Originally from Western Australia and a member of the Syllabolix crew, Hunter passed away from cancer in October 2011. The Cup event, which was inspired by an impromptu "kick-to-kick" game at a wake near the Melbourne Cricket Ground, was timed to coincide with the anniversary of Hunter's death and raised funds for Australian cancer charity CanTeen.
Personal life.
Following his time as a resident of Melbourne, Briggs returned to his hometown of Shepparton in 2010. Briggs has explained, "I like being back home, with all my cousins and my friends who I grew up with – they keep me honest."
Briggs has a daughter who was born in August 2012 and prior to the release of his second album, "ShepLife", provided the following description of his mindset: "I’m a lot more focused, I have a lot more direction. I’m still angry it’s just more mature now. I have a better idea of the sound I want to create and legacy I want to leave." 
In a February 2014 interview, Briggs stated that he is separated from his daughter's mother and used the analogy of "spinning plates" to described the process of balancing work and family life. Briggs also articulated his paradoxical experience of parenthood, whereby he feels both strengthened and made vulnerable.

</doc>
<doc id="36701372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701372" title="Raiwind Palace">
Raiwind Palace

Raiwind Palace is the residence of the Sharif family of Pakistan, most notably Nawaz Sharif, located in Jati Umra near Raiwind - a town on the outskirts of Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
Controversies.
Shebaz Sharif, Chief Minister of Punjab was accused in 2011 of spending more than 11 billion rupees from public money on constructing infrastructure and roads leading to their Family Palace,Raiwind.

</doc>
<doc id="36701378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701378" title="Gogolin Formation">
Gogolin Formation

Gogolin Formation - Triassic geologic formation, hitherto named the Gogolin Beds, is the lowermost lithostratigraphical unit of the Lower Muschelkalk in the Silesian-Cracow Upland (S Poland, Central Europe), underlain by the Upper Buntsandstein (Lower Triassic) carbonates and overlain by the Górażdże Formation (Middle Triassic) carbonates.
Name.
Historical name coming from Gogolin, a small town in south Poland, where the Gogolin Formation was described for the first time, and where the main stratotypes have been exposed (see section Stratotypes).
Age.
The Late Olenekian or Early Aegean (Anisian) to Pelsonian (Anisian).
Rocks.
The formation is built of various carbonates which were deposited on a carbonate ramp.
Subdivision.
This Formation has recently been divided into four members, six beds, and two horizons:
Stratotypes.
Stratotypes are located at Gogolin and its vicinity, Błotnica Strzelecka and Ligota Dolna (southern Poland).

</doc>
<doc id="36701379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701379" title="Dwando">
Dwando

Dwando () is a 2009 Bengali film. The film was directed by Suman Ghosh. According to Telegraph review, the film is inspired by Krzysztof Kieslowski’s Decalogue II. This was Suman Ghosh's second film after "Podokkhep".
Theme.
The film which the director has called a "serious film" is a psychological drama that deals with dilemma of a woman. In director's own words–"I have always felt that a film should be something more than just a slice of life. In Ananya’s ethical dilemma we get the larger picture of how we can mould our behavioural pattern when some extraordinary events happen.
Plot.
Sudipta is married for 10 years to Anik but the couple don't have any child and the marriage has turned cold. When Anik is away for an office trip, Sudipta gets attracted towards a young NRI Rana. Anik comes back and suspects something wrong.
It is found Anik is suffering from Brain Tumour and he is admitted to hospital for treatment under surgeon Dr Ashok Mukherjee.
Anik’s physical condition gets worse. At this time Sudipta discovers she is pregnant. Sudipta, on one hand loves her husband Anik and on the other hand loves Rana and wants to give birth to the child, faces a moral dilemma.
At a stormy night Sudipta goes to Dr. Ashok Mukherjee to know the health condition (chances of living) of Anik on which her decision will depend.
Her dilemma is ultimately resolved by Dr. Mukherjee letting love triumph over everything else.

</doc>
<doc id="36701383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701383" title="Bust of Alessandro Peretti di Montalto">
Bust of Alessandro Peretti di Montalto

The Bust of Alessandro Peretti di Montalto is a portrait sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Executed in 1622 and 1623, the sculpture is currently housed in the Kunsthalle Hamburg, in Germany. Although possibly mentioned by one of Bernini's early biographers, the bust had been considered lost and therefore makes no appearance in Rudolf Wittkower's catalogue of Bernini’s sculptures of 1955. However, the bust was identified in the 1980s and is now considered an authentic work by Bernini.
Commissioning.
Bernini had already been commissioned by Cardinal Montalto to create the Neptune and Triton fountain for his gardens at the Villa Montalto on the outskirts of Rome, and was involved in the commissioning of the David statue that eventually ended up in the Villa Borghese. But the precise reason behind this bust is unclear; given that Cardinal Montalto died in 1623, it has been suggested the bust was created as part of a funerary tomb. However, Montalto may well himself have commissioned the bust prior to his death 
History.
The bust was recorded as being in the Villa Montalto in the early 1660s and then in the "Casa Peretti" in 1682. The bust arrived in Hamburg Kunsthalle after 1910, being donated as part of the collection of the Anglo-German Sir John Henry von Schroder.
Appearance.
Although only recently re-discovered by art historians the sculpture is well appreciated. Hess comments that "the expression of deep thought and concentration on the cardinal ... gives a great sense of animation to this bust. Bernini has included remarkably naturalistic details, such as the fine hair of his unshaven cheeks, the fleshly lower lip ... and the pockmarks flanking his nose". Meanwhile, Lavin mentions the “extraordinary qualities of vitality and refinement with which Bernini suffused the conventions of formal ecclestical portraiture.” 

</doc>
<doc id="36701387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701387" title="Steffen Gebhardt">
Steffen Gebhardt

Steffen Gebhardt (born 22 July 1981) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701390" title="Modular vehicle">
Modular vehicle

A modular vehicle is one in which substantial components of the vehicle are interchangeable. This modularity is intended to make repairs and maintenance easier, or to allow the vehicle to be reconfigured to suit different functions.
Another application of modular vehicle design is to enable the exchange of batteries in an electric vehicle.
In a modular electric vehicle, the power system, wheels and suspension can be contained in a single module or chassis. When the batteries need recharging, the vehicle's body is lifted off and placed onto a fresh power module. By using this "Modular Vehicle" system, the vehicle's batteries do not have to be removed or reinstalled, and their connections remain intact.
History of the modern modular vehicle.
The world's first road-licensed quick-change modular electric vehicle, based on a patent awarded to Dr Gordon E Dower in 2000, was shown at the World Electric Vehicle Association 2003 Electric Vehicle Symposium EVS-20 in Long Beach, California, USA. 
Dower described the vehicle's two parts as its motorized deck, shortened to "Modek", and its "containing module" or "Ridon". When attached to each other, the vehicle thus formed was dubbed the "Ridek". Mechanical connections between the modules for braking and steering automatically engage when the body is lowered on to the chassis.
In 2004, General Motors attempted to patent a modular vehicle called "Autonomy" but the attempt was unsuccessful because Dower’s patent already existed. 
A team at GM did, however, continue to work on Autonomy, which was intended to be powered by a hydrogen fuel cell. They unveiled a non-drivable version of their modular vehicle in January 2002 at the Detroit Auto Show. GM unveiled a drivable prototype, called Hy-wire at the Paris Auto Show in September, 2002. The name referred to the Hydrogen fuel and the "drive-by-wire" system that electronically connected the vehicle modules for steering, braking and controlling the 4 wheel motors. Hy-wire did not go into production.
Flexibility.
Modular vehicles make it possible to use different types of bodies, e.g. sedan, sports car or pickup truck, on one standardized chassis.
Also, the modular chassis, with its batteries and motor, are relatively easy to work on, since there is no vehicle body to impede access.

</doc>
<doc id="36701420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701420" title="Ganesh Lal Shrestha">
Ganesh Lal Shrestha

Ganesh Lal Shrestha (Devanagari: गणेशलाल श्रेष्ठ) (July 1911 – 24 July 1985) was a Nepalese poet, musician and social worker. He wrote in Nepali, Nepal Bhasa and Tamang languages. His songs denounced the social inequalities and autocratic political system of the day.
Trader and writer.
Ganesh Lal was born in Bhimphedi, Makwanpur District to father Madhav Lal and mother Chandra Kumari Shrestha. His first wife Chandra Maya died in 1948, and he was married a second time in 1956 to Narayan Devi.
Bhimphedi, located 35 km to the southwest of the Nepalese capital Kathmandu, is a market town on the old trade route linking India and Tibet. Ganesh Lal's family owned a store shop which sold general merchandise and cloth. Ganesh Lal looked after the shop and spent his free time composing songs. During festivals, he took part in stage performances and music recitals. 
Bhimphedi began to wither after the district headquarters was shifted to Hetauda. Subsequently, Ganesh Lal moved there and opened a cloth shop. He died in Hetauda. 
In 1999, a statue of Ganesh Lal was erected on the premises of Nepal Bhasa Khala in Hetauda.
Lyrics.
A verse from one of his most famous Nepal Bhasa songs appears below. 

</doc>
<doc id="36701433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701433" title="Faustine Mussa">
Faustine Mussa

Faustine Mussa (born 1981) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner. He represented Tanzania in marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing in 33rd in a time of 2:17:39.

</doc>
<doc id="36701439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701439" title="Debi Makhsoospuri">
Debi Makhsoospuri

Debi Makhsoopuri(Punjabi : ਦੇਬੀ ਮੱਖਸੂਸਪੂਰੀ ) (Gurdev Singh Gill) is a Punjabi singer, songwriter and poet.
Biography.
Debi Makhsoospuri was born on 10 June 1966, at the village 'Makhsoospur' in Hoshiarpur district, Punjab. Makhsoospuri is living in Canada with family including three daughters.
Career.
Debi Makhsoospuri is one of the most famous lyricists and singers of Punjabi songs. He got his first break at the age of 20 as a lyricist when he wrote for famous singer Kuldeep Manak. Many of the songs he wrote for Manmohan Waris and Kamal Heer earned him popular acclaim. He turned singer himself with his debut album "Jad Maa Nayi Rehndi" in 1994. He performs live shows under the name "Debi live" all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36701442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701442" title="Paweł Głażewski">
Paweł Głażewski

Paweł Głażewski (born 1 September 1982 in Białystok in Poland) – is a Polish Light Heavyweight professional boxer.
Amateur career.
Głażewski was Polish Senior Champion in amateur boxing three times. In 2005, 2006 and 2008.
Professional career.
Paweł Głażewski turned pro in 2007. When he won fight against Leo Tchoula, he won BBU International Champion. On August 18 he won WBC Baltic Silver belt. He stopped French boxer Abdelkader Benzinia.
Roy Jones vs. Paweł Głażewski.
Jones was supposed to face Dawid Kostecki in a ten round bout at Atlas Arena, Poland on June 30. Days before the fight, Kostecki was convicted of being the ringleader of a criminal organization and was thrown in jail. Paweł Głażewski stepped in to fight Jones instead. Jones defeated the 17-0 Głażewski by split decision. Jones was knocked down in round six. Many felt Głażewski deserved the decision in a close fight. Judges scored 96-93 96-94 for Jones, and 95-94 for Głażewski. Polish TV scored the fight 97-94 for Głażewski.

</doc>
<doc id="36701449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701449" title="Christopher Patte">
Christopher Patte

Christopher Patte (born 29 March 1990) is a French modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701458" title="Scandinavian Braille">
Scandinavian Braille

Scandinavian Braille is a braille alphabet used, with differences in orthography and punctuation, for the languages of the mainland Nordic countries: Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, and Finnish. In a generally reduced form it is used for Greenlandic. It is very close to French Braille, with slight modification of some of the accented letters, and optional use of the others to transcribe foreign languages.
Alphabet.
The braille letters for the French print vowels "â, œ, ä" are used for the print vowels "å, ö/ø, ä/æ" of the Scandinavian alphabets. Thus, in numerical order, the letters are:
Greenlandic Braille uses a subset of these letters, "a e f g i j k l m n o p q r s t u v", though the rest of the Scandinavian alphabet is available when needed.
Numbers.
Digits are the first ten letters of the alphabet, and numbers are marked by , as in English Braille.
Punctuation.
According to Unesco (2013), punctuation differs between the countries. It's possible that some of the differences are due to references being from different dates, if the countries coordinated changes in punctuation.
The ellipsis is thus .
Finnish ! is not a copy error. It's the reverse of the found in all other Nordic countries, though the latter is the + sign in Finnish mathematical notation just as it is in those other countries. Finnish punctuation is used for Swedish text in Finland.
In Swedish Braille, there is also for the pipe, |, and for the bullet, •.
At least in Norwegian Braille, the braces { ... } are .
Formatting.
Given the poor coverage, it is not clear how compatible formatting is between countries. (See Estonian Braille for formatting in an orthography with similar punctuation to Finnish and Swedish.)
In Swedish Braille, is used to capitalize an entire word, and to capitalize several words. The sequences and are likewise used to italicize and bold several words. The end of any of these is marked with , for example — for caps, — for italics, and — for bold.
Also in Swedish (and perhaps the others), the auxiliary parentheses are used to add comments that appear only in the braille text, such as a description of a picture in the print text being transcribed.

</doc>
<doc id="36701464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701464" title="Portuguese Braille">
Portuguese Braille

Portuguese Braille is the braille alphabet of the Portuguese language, both in Portugal and in Brazil. It is very close to French Braille, with slight modification of the accented letters and some differences in punctuation.
Alphabet.
The French Braille letters for vowels with a grave accent in print tend to be used for vowels with an acute accents in Portuguese Braille. (See French Braille#Similar alphabets. The French vowels "œ" and "ä" are used for the Portuguese nasal vowels "õ" and "ã". In numerical order, the letters are:
Punctuation.
Punctuation is nearly identical to that of Spanish Braille. 
Single punctuation:
The en dash is written on the middle dots, while the em dash is written on the bottom dots. 
Paired punctuation:
The two sets of parentheses and square brackets are alternatives. Many sources give only one, usually the second.
Numbers.
Digits are the international norm of the first ten letters of the alphabet marked by . 
The number sign takes the place of spaces within a number such as a serial number. For example, "A (46 1)" is transcribed .
Additional symbols:
The "real" sign is typically used like a decimal point: 4$50. 
For arithmetic: 
The fraction bar is equivalent to either a virgule or horizontal bar in print. For exponents, use the superscript sign below.
Formatting.
"Emphasis" corresponds to bold or italic in print. As with brackets, a second sign indicates the end of the emphasized text.
The lower-case sign is also used to mark that a line break occurs in the middle of a mathematical expression.

</doc>
<doc id="36701479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701479" title="Amro El Geziry">
Amro El Geziry

Amro El Geziry (born 19 November 1986) is an Egyptian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701487" title="HMS Stork (1796)">
HMS Stork (1796)

HMS "Stork" was a 16-gun ship sloop of the "Cormorant" class in the Royal Navy, ordered in November 1794 to a joint design by Sir John Henslow and William Rule, launched in 1796 at Deptford Dockyard.
Career.
She was commissioned in December 1796 under Commander Richard Pearson. Under various commanding officers, she served during the rest of the French Revolutionary War and subsequently throughout the Napoleonic War, being paid off at Sheerness from service in September 1815 and sold for breaking up eight months later.

</doc>
<doc id="36701494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701494" title="2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament">
2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament

The 2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament was an under-18 ice hockey tournament held in Břeclav, Czech Republic and Piešťany, Slovakia from August 13–18, 2012. As in the previous two years, the venues were Alcaplast Arena in Břeclav and Patrícia Ice Arena 37 in Piešťany.

</doc>
<doc id="36701503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701503" title="Arturo Malaquias">
Arturo Malaquias

Arturo Malaquias (born 1975) is a Mexican long-distance runner. He was born in Toluca. He qualified to represent Mexico in marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36701504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701504" title="Kyoto Protocol (disambiguation)">
Kyoto Protocol (disambiguation)

Kyoto Protocol commonly refers to:
Kyoto Protocol may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701506" title="Kurban Kurbanov">
Kurban Kurbanov

Kurban Kurbanov (; born 21 March 1985) is a male freestyle wrestler from Uzbekistan. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in the 96 kg category and finished in seventh and fifth place, respectively. He was the silver medalist at the 2010 Asian Games.
He won the 2011 Asian Freestyle Wrestling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36701518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701518" title="New Heliopolis City">
New Heliopolis City

New Heliopolis City () is a suburb in north eastern Cairo Governorate, Egypt, which was established under Heliopolis Presidential Decree No.193 of 1995 and it belongs to the Heliopolis Company for Housing and Development.
Planning.
The area of the city 5888 acers and is characterized by outstanding city planning and divided the city into residential areas(Buildings-Vilas), and area of educational and recreational,commercial and administrative,medical,clubs and open areas and green areas,and areas of golf.
The city has a distinctive architectural character and coordinate the development of civilization and the specific rules for the construction of Heliopolis Company for Housing and Development to be a contemporary extension of the Heliopolis district.
The company is directed to investing the entertained area in the entrance of the city at Cairo – Suez desert road with surface of 212 feddans to be used in the tourist and entertained activity.
Location.
The city limits of Cairo-Ismaillia north and by Cairo – Suez and Madinaty south and, El Shorouk city is located along its west side and Badr City on the east side, the city site is characterized by close proximity to the regional and New ring road which will link the city with new cities, Helwan, 6th of October and a road Katameya Ain Soukhna. The location of the city located just 15 minutes from the ring road and 25 minutes from the districts Heliopolis and Nasr City.
Climate.
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as hot desert (BWh), as the rest of Egypt.
Roads And Facilities.
Is currently developing the first phase of the Cairo-Suez and Cairo-Ismaili,which is up to the city will also link the city ring road and regionally as well as with the new subway line which will connect the city and central regions of the country and the governorates of Cairo and Giza.
All the main facilities (electricity - water – sewage – telephones) completed in full.
References.
http://www.amlakeg.com/heliopolis-city

</doc>
<doc id="36701527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701527" title="Alana Patience">
Alana Patience

Alana Louise Patience (born 21 November 1980) is an Australian ballroom dancer and twice winner of Channel 7's "Dancing with the Stars". Alana won in 2010 with "Better Homes and Gardens" carpenter Rob Palmer, and the following 2011 series with Celebrity chef Manu Feildel. Alana has also danced with celebrity music journalist and Australian icon Molly Meldrum, horse racing identity Tom Waterhouse, ex Collingwood footballer Brodie Holland and radio personality Brendan Jones
Alana's ballroom career has spanned over 20 years and her titles include twice Australian and South Pacific Youth Latin Champion and Australian Representative to the World Youth Latin Championships. Alana has performed in the Australian ballroom hit show Burn The Floor, touring the United States, China, Japan, Korea, New Zealand and Australia in both 2001 and 2007. In 2009 Alana moved to The Netherlands to join the international cast of the sold out 18 month season of Dirty Dancing the musical. 
In 2012 Alana opened the only Vera Wang bridal boutique in Australia as the boutique manager, located at the Intercontinental Hotel in Sydney. Alana also performs throughout Australia with her dance partner Carmelo Pizzino at various corporate, charity and dance events.

</doc>
<doc id="36701530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701530" title="Sighs Trapped by Liars">
Sighs Trapped by Liars

Sighs Trapped by Liars is the fourth collaboration between experimental rock band Red Krayola and conceptual art group Art & Language, released on September 17, 2007 through Drag City.

</doc>
<doc id="36701552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701552" title="Smashed (film)">
Smashed (film)

Smashed is a 2012 American drama film directed by James Ponsoldt, written by Ponsoldt and Susan Burke, and starring Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Aaron Paul. The film premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2012 and won the U.S. Dramatic Special Jury Prize for Excellence in Independent Film Producing. On February 5, the film was picked up by Sony Pictures Classics and was released on October 12, 2012.
Plot.
Kate Hannah (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), an elementary school teacher, comes to work drunk and vomits in front of her class. She decides to feign being pregnant to her class and the school principal Mrs. Barnes (Megan Mullally) to save her job. She talks to her co-worker Dave (Nick Offerman), where he reveals to her that he knows she’s been drinking. Kate makes Dave swear not to tell anyone about it.
Later that night, she attends a party along with her husband Charlie (Aaron Paul) and his brother Owen (Kyle Gallner) and she drinks heavily during the night. As she is preparing to leave, she runs into another woman and she asks Kate to give her a ride. Instead of driving her home, Kate smokes crack along with the woman and the two get high together. Kate wakes up the next morning only to find out the woman has left. She recovers her car and drives home, where Charlie acknowledges that both of them are alcoholics. The couple gets intoxicated at night and they have sex shortly before Charlie passes out and rebuffs Kate. She heads out alone with a bike to buy wine but she is turned down by the cashier. She urinates on the floor because the bathroom door is locked and runs away from the store, stealing a bottle of wine. She wakes up and realizes she has passed out again.
She goes to work and talks to Mrs. Barnes and Dave, who is a recovering alcoholic and invites her to an AA meeting. There, Kate befriends Jenny (Octavia Spencer), who has chosen a love of food and cooking over alcohol. Over the course of her stint in the program, Kate ultimately decides to stay sober and change her life. While Dave drives Kate home, he confesses to her how he likes her but inadvertently makes an offensive comment which leaves her upset. Kate and Charlie visit Kate’s estranged alcoholic mom, Rochelle (Mary Kay Place) and Kate tells her about her AA meetings. At first, Rochelle seems skeptical; Kate's father left them after getting sober and now lives in another state with his "shiny new family".
Kate is surprised the next day when she is thrown a baby shower by her colleagues, although she wants to admit the truth about her not being pregnant. Later, she reconciles with Dave whom she left resentful over what he had said to her. At home, Kate and Charlie argue when Charlie inadvertently tells Owen and his friend about Kate smoking crack. That night, she rebuffs Charlie's sexual advances. At school, Kate is questioned by one of her curious students as to why she’s not getting any fatter. Kate feigns a miscarriage and the whole class accuses her of killing her baby, for which she reprimands them.
At home, Charlie tells Kate to tell the truth, even if she loses her job. Kate lashes back at Charlie and tells him that she would never depend on Charlie’s parents' money and that she has struggled with it her whole life. Kate ultimately decides to tell Mrs. Barnes the truth. When Barnes fires her, Kate drives alone to a bar and relapses. She is driven home by Jenny and Dave and then starts arguing with Charlie, who finally realises she has a drinking problem.
The next scene shows Kate speaking about herself in an AA meeting, celebrating her one year of sobriety. Meanwhile, Charlie seeks out Kate and is apprehended by a cop whilst riding a bicycle drunk. Kate later visits Charlie and they play a game. Kate tells him how she’s still worried about him and Charlie asks her if she would move back in with him if he begins going to meetings. Kate states that he must get sober for himself, not for her. Later, Charlie asks Kate if she can help him redeem himself. The film ends with the question unanswered.
Production and release.
On September 21, 2011, Super Crispy Entertainment announced the casting of Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Aaron Paul as the leads in "dramatic comedy" "Smashed", with Octavia Spencer and Nick Offerman co-starring. James Ponsoldt directed from a screenplay he wrote with Susan Burke.
Shooting completed on October 22, and "Smashed" entered the 2012 Sundance Film Festival on November 30.
On July 25, 2012, Variety reported that "Smashed" was playing at the Deauville American Film Festival, which ran from August 31 - September 9. "Smashed" was also screened at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
The film was picked up by Sony Pictures Classics on February 5, and released on October 12, 2012.
Reception.
As of December 21, 2012, the film received generally positive reviews by critics, earning a "Certified Fresh" 84% score on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 100 reviews with an average score of 6.9/10. On review aggregator Metacritic, the film has also received an equally positive score of 71, based on 32 reviews.
Winstead has received critical acclaim for her role. "Chicago Sun-Times" film critic Roger Ebert gave the film 3.5 stars out of four, saying that "This is a serious movie about drinking but not a depressing one." He praised Winstead's performance in the film, saying that "Mary Elizabeth Winstead is sort of wonderful in this movie, worn and warm. She doesn't play a victim. She has that courage an alcoholic requires to persist in the punishment of getting drunk day after day."
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack listing was released on Film Music Reporter on September 21, 2012. The soundtrack, released by Lakeshore Records, was released digitally on October 9, 2012. The soundtrack features a mix of the film's original score composed by Andy Cabic and Eric D. Johnson as well as music from other artists heard throughout various portions of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="36701557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701557" title="Tatiana Matveeva (footballer)">
Tatiana Matveeva (footballer)

Tatiana Matveeva, nicknamed Tata (, born 25 July 1990), is a Georgian women's football striker currently playing in the Turkish First League for Konak Belediyespor with jersey number 22. She is a member of the Georgian national team since 2006.
Playing career.
Club.
She began her career in Iveria Khashuri before moving to Turkey to play for Trabzonspor. She took part at the 2009–10 UEFA Women's Champions League - Group D matches.
When the team folded in 2011, she moved to Ataşehir Belediyespor. Enjoyed her second championship at the end of the 2011–12 season, she played at the 2012–13 UEFA Women's Champions League - Group 1 matches until her team's elimination. She scored two goals in three games.
In the beginning of the 2013–14 season's second half, she was transferred by the Izmir-based Konak Belediyespor.
International.
Tatiana Matveeva is a member of the Georgian national team. She played at the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 qualifying round's three matches as the captain of the national team. At the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification (UEFA) - Group 2 matches, she aptained again capping three times and scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="36701560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701560" title="Rippin' Riders Snowboarding">
Rippin' Riders Snowboarding

"Rippin' Riders Snowboarding (also known as Cool Boarders Burrrn in Japan and Snow Surfers" in Europe) is a snowboard game developed by UEP Systems, the creators of the "Cool Boarders" series. It was released in 1999 for the Dreamcast.
Regional Differences.
"Rippin' Riders" was originally released in Japan under the name "Cool Boarders Burrrn". For the US release, UEP opted to release the "Cool Boarders" sequel under the name "Rippin' Riders Snowboarding". This was due to the U.S. rights to the "Cool Boarders" name being owned by Sony Computer Entertainment whose 989 Studios (a now defunct division of Sony Computer Entertainment America) published the US releases of "Cool Boarders 3" and "Cool Boarders 4" for the PlayStation. It has never been confirmed if the European release (known as "Snow Surfers") had its name changed for similar reasons.
Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 30 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="36701566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701566" title="Ever Palma">
Ever Palma

Ever Palma Olivares (born 1992) is a Mexican racewalker. He competed for Mexico in 20 kilometres walk at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
His older brother, Isaac, is also a racewalker.

</doc>
<doc id="36701567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701567" title="Pakistan Veterinary Medical Council">
Pakistan Veterinary Medical Council

Pakistan Veterinary Medical Council (abbreviated as PVMC) is a statutory regulatory authority for veterinary medicine education and practitioners in Pakistan. Its headquarters are located in Islamabad. PVMC is registered with Higher Education Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36701589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701589" title="Isaac Palma">
Isaac Palma

Isaac Palma Olivares (born 1990) is a Mexican racewalker. He competed for Mexico in 20 kilometres walk at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
His younger brother, Ever, is also a racewalker.

</doc>
<doc id="36701593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701593" title="List of airports in New South Wales">
List of airports in New South Wales

This is an incomplete list of airports in the Australian state of New South Wales.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36701594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701594" title="List of airports in Greater Sydney">
List of airports in Greater Sydney

This is a list of airports in the Greater Sydney area of New South Wales.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36701597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701597" title="Edward Lloyd Thomas (surveyor)">
Edward Lloyd Thomas (surveyor)

Edward Lloyd Thomas, Sr. (1785-1852) was one of eight children, six brothers and a sister. He was a surveyor (see surveying) in Georgia (U.S. state).
Biography.
Edward Lloyd Thomas was the son of Phillip Thomas and Elizabeth Covington Wailes of two prominent Maryland Families.
Edward L. Thomas was a Methodist preacher (see Methodism), a planter, land speculator and surveyor. He learned surveying from his Un­cle Levin Wailes. In 1808, at age 23, he was a Justice of the Peace of Franklin County, Georgia and was Captain of the Militia District 209. About 1813, he was ordained a Methodist minister, and was living at Watkinsville, Georgia in Clarke County, Georgia.
Edward surveyed land in many Georgia locations: in 1819, a district of Walton County, Georgia, in 1820 the county and district lines of Hall County, Georgia and Habersham County, Georgia, in 1821 Henry County, Georgia district lines, and in 1824, Dooly County, Georgia. He was chief surveyor of a commission appointed by the governor of Georgia to establish the western boundary of Georgia in 1826; for years Alabama disputed this survey, but in 1840, it was accepted.
Dec. 24, 1827, after the Creek Indians (see Muscogee people) ceded lands, the State Legislature passed "an act to lay out a trading town, and to dispose of all the lands reserved for the use of the State near the Coweta Falls, on the Chattahoochee River, and to name the same." Edward was selected to lay out the town of Columbus, Georgia on 1,200 acres. He took with him his young son, Truman, to work on his crew. The boy got sick and died in a small house that still stands on 808 Broad­way; his was the first burial in Linwood Cemetery, Columbus. The boundary between the Cherokee and Creek Indian lands was disputed; the final line was a compromise of Andrew Jackson's in 1829. Early in 1831, Edward Lloyd Thomas ran sectional lines for the Cherokee Country which was most of northwest Georgia, north of the Chattahoochee River. In the summer, he ran the Georgia-Florida line which was not agreed upon until 1859. His last important work was in 1837 when he laid out the town of Oxford, Georgia at a site designated by the Georgia Methodist Conference for the establishment of a college, Emory College (see Emory University). There, he built his house and lived out his years. He is buried in the Oxford Cemetery. His house still stands.
Edward's Will Stated: "being at this time free from the bondage of debt, the hardest of all masters as far as regards temporal matters—and intending to remain thus free the balance of my life whether long or short, as a valuable legacy, by way of parting advice to my children & all connected with them by marriage, that they imitate my example, and keep clear of debt, if they wish to preserve a se­rene mind and an unruffled temper." He was buried in the Oxford Historical Cemetery.
Mary "Polly" Hogue, of Clarke County, Georgia, married Edward in August 1806. She was one of nine children, four brothers and four sisters. Her Father Jacob Hogue owned a large farming operation; he died in 1817.
Polly and Edward Lloyd had eight children. Ed and Fletcher died in infancy. All the men served in the War Between-the-States. Henry Phillip (1810-1863) was a Colonel in the 16th Regiment of Georgia Infantry and was killed leading a charge in the Battle of Fort Sanders Knoxville, Tenn. Lovick Pierce Thomas, I, (1812-1878), served as the quartermaster 35th Georgia Infantry. Wesley Wailes (1820-1906), was a Major in Co. F, Phillip's Legion of Cavalry. Edward Lloyd Thomas, II (1825-1898), by the War's end, was General of the 35th Georgia Infantry. 
Several of Thomas' works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works.
Works of Edward Lloyd Thomas include:

</doc>
<doc id="36701599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701599" title="Vive Le Rock (magazine)">
Vive Le Rock (magazine)

Vive Le Rock is an independent music magazine published in the United Kingdom which covers punk, new wave, glam and garage through to mod and primal rock 'n' roll, and even the darker side of alternative rock. "Vive Le Rock" will serve up the very best from the 1960s, '70s, '80s and beyond!
Dedicated to all rebel music, "Vive Le Rock" compasses a wide range of classic bands such as The Ramones, Blondie, The Cure and Motörhead through to The Stray Cats, Devo and The Clash while incorporating new bands like The Gaslight Anthem, Bronx, White Lies and Rancid.
It is circulated bi-monthly.
Features.
Bringing you the bad boys of rock 'n' roll, "Vive Le Rock" embodies the culture it writes about rather than just aspiring to it. Its basic editorial proposition consists every month of sections including news – and introduction pages, album, book, DVD as well as live reviews and gig listings. With regard to features, "Vive Le Rock" provides in-depth portraits of the greatest bad boys of rock 'n' roll, containing ten-page cover features. Each issue comes with a free themed, fifteen-track CD of the coolest new cats on the block and the legends that paved the way. 
With the editorial concept of an authentic and independent approach to the finest of rock 'n' roll music, "Vive Le Rock" embodies the punk ethos in the way that it marches to the beat of its own drum – passionate and profound about the world of the fanzine, engaging its readers on the subject they love the most. Featuring the likes of The Ramones, Madness, The Who, The Faces, Black Flag, Echo & The Bunnymen, New Order through to outlaws like Johnny Cash, Tom Waits and Jerry Lee Lewis, it writes about legends that have rock 'n' roll coursing through their veins. Alongside such classic bands, it covers new acts who've taken their lead from the '50s through to the '80s. So whether it's Rancid, Hank III or up-and-coming hell-raisers such as The Jim Jones Revue, The Vivian Girls or Wavves, they will all head the "Vive Le Rock" call to arms. 
"Vive Le Rock" provides an honest, grounded approach to its readers, using the strength of punk – a magazine that rather innovates than imitates. Serving up the best from 1960s, '70s, '80s and beyond, it covers music that is worth to be mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="36701606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701606" title="Comité de Unidade de Acção e Coordenação Sindical de Angola">
Comité de Unidade de Acção e Coordenação Sindical de Angola

Comité de Unidade de Acção e Coordenação Sindical de Angola ('Trade Union Action and Coordination Unity Committee of Angola', abbreviated CUACSA) was an Angolan trade union alliance in exile, formed through the merger of the National Union of Angolan Workers (UNTA) and the Confederation of Free Trade Unions of Angola (CSLA). CUACSA was founded on June 2, 1964. The organized was based in Kinshasa. CUACSA had around 200 members. Overall, the organization had little activity. In July 1966 CUACSA fell apart as CSLA withdrew from it.

</doc>
<doc id="36701621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701621" title="Esther Süss">
Esther Süss

Esther Süss (born 19 March 1974) is a Swiss cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 5th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701630" title="Lea Davison">
Lea Davison

Lea Davison is an American cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 11th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701631" title="Diego Estrada (athlete)">
Diego Estrada (athlete)

Diego Estrada (born 1989) is a Mexican-American long-distance runner. He competed in the 10,000 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London for Mexico. After some confusion about his eligibility after becoming a U.S. citizen, he was excluded from the U.S. Olympic trials even though it was later known that Estrada was misinformed on his eligibility possibilities.
He became eligible to represent the United States internationally in May 2014.
Running career.
High school.
Estrada attended Alisal High School, for which he competed in track. In cross country he qualified three times for states, and in the outdoor track season he finished fourth in the 3200-meter, recording a high school personal-best time of 9:04.80.
Collegiate.
Estrada was recruited by Northern Arizona, where he decided to major in Spanish for secondary education.
In his sophomore year with Northern Arizona University, one of his lungs collapsed, and Estrada's career was brought into question. Estrada ran NCAA regional qualifying 10K time at the Payton Jordan Stanford Cardinal Invitational (28:40.19) & NCAA regional qualifying 5K (13:49.35) in the 5K at the Mt. SAC Relays.
In his junior year, Estrada opened outdoor season with the third-fastest 1,500m time in NAU history at the Mt. SAC Relays when he crossed the finish line in 3:41.80 ... At the 2011 NCAA Indoor Championships, finished fourth overall in a NAU indoor-record time of 13:29.01 for first All-America award on the track.
Redshirt year, Estrada ran a personal-best time in the 10K (27:32.90) at the Payton Jordan Invitational as an unattached athlete to punch his ticket to London ... Competed in front of 80,000 fans at London's Olympic Stadium on August 4 in the Athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing 21st in a time of 28:36.19.
In his senior year, Estrada finished in third place in the 5000-meter race at the 2013 NCAA D1 Outdoor T&F Championships. Estrada earned his eighth and ninth All-America honors at the NCAA Indoor Championships in record fashion with a runner-up finish in the 5,000m (13:30.24), the second-fastest all time indoors at NAU, and a fourth-place mark in the 3,000 meters (7:49.53), the third-fastest in NAU history. Estrada capped his year at the International Association of Athletics Federations 2013 World Championships in Athletics where he finished 25th in the 5000 meters semi-final while representing Mexico.
Post-collegiate.
Diego Estrada is an Asics sponsored runner and coached by Joe Vigil, known for his spell with Adams State and coaching Pat Porter. Estrada resides in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Personal Records as of June 5, 2014
1500m: 3:41.80
3000m: 7:44.63
5000m: 13:15.33
10 km: 27:32.90

</doc>
<doc id="36701634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701634" title="Shi Qinglan">
Shi Qinglan

Shi Qinglan is a Chinese cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 12th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701638" title="Yana Belomoyna">
Yana Belomoyna

Yana Belomoina is a Ukrainian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 13th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701642" title="Elisabeth Osl">
Elisabeth Osl

Elisabeth Osl is an Austrian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 15th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701644" title="Adelheid Morath">
Adelheid Morath

Adelheid Morath is a German cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 16th place. She also competed at the 2008 Olympics, finishing 18th.

</doc>
<doc id="36701648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701648" title="Eva Lechner">
Eva Lechner

Eva Lechner is a Italian cyclo-cross, road bicycle racer and mountain bike racer who has won at least one national title in all three disciplines. She won the team relay at the 2012 Mountain bike World Championships together with Luca Braidot, Marco Aurelio Fontana and Beltain Schmid. 
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country finishing in 17th place. At the 2008 Summer Olympics she finished 16th in the Women's cross-country.
Lechner won the silver medal in the women's elite race at the 2014 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships, coming second to Marianne Vos.

</doc>
<doc id="36701649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701649" title="Katrin Leumann">
Katrin Leumann

Katrin Leumann is a Swiss cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 19th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701650" title="Rie Katayama">
Rie Katayama


</doc>
<doc id="36701651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701651" title="Methkal Abu Drais">
Methkal Abu Drais

Methkal Marouf Abu Drais (born 29 December 1983) is a Jordanian long-distance runner. He was born in Alardah. Abu Drais won the 2012 Stockholm Marathon in a time of 2:19:16 hours. He competed in marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and finished in 56th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701653" title="Janka Števková">
Janka Števková

Janka Števková (born 4 February 1976 in Martin) is a Slovak cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 21st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701655" title="Paula Gorycka">
Paula Gorycka

Paula Gorycka (born 5 November 1990 in Kraków) is a Polish cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 22nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701656" title="Emily Batty">
Emily Batty

Emily Batty (born 16 June 1988 in Brooklin, Ontario) is a Canadian cross-country mountain biker. Batty grew up in a racing family. She has two older brothers and a younger sister, all of whom race. Batty started racing in 1999 and raced in the Canada Cup Series by 2001. During her competitions, Batty wears a pearl necklace discovered among her mother's jewelry when she was 11 years old.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed with a broken collar bone and bruised shoulders in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 24th place.
, Batty is racing on the team Trek Factory Racing. She is coached by Adam Morka, who is also her fiancé.

</doc>
<doc id="36701657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701657" title="Barbara Benkó">
Barbara Benkó

Barbara Benkó is a Hungarian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 27th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701658" title="Candice Neethling">
Candice Neethling

Candice Neethling is a South African cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 28th (last) place.

</doc>
<doc id="36701662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701662" title="Five American Portraits">
Five American Portraits

Five American Portraits is the fifth collaboration between experimental rock band Red Krayola and conceptual art group Art & Language, released on January 26, 2010 through Drag City.

</doc>
<doc id="36701664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701664" title="Laura Abril">
Laura Abril

Laura Valentina Abril Restrepo (born 28 January 1990) is a Colombian cross-country mountain biker. She was junior world champion in 2008. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, but didn't complete the race.

</doc>
<doc id="36701670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701670" title="Annika Langvad">
Annika Langvad

Annika Langvad (born 22 March 1984 in Silkeborg) is a Danish cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was due to compete in the Women's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, but pulled out.

</doc>
<doc id="36701686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701686" title="Adam Dawson (footballer)">
Adam Dawson (footballer)

Adam Ryan Dawson (born 5 October 1992) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Leicester City as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born and raised in Bury, he attended Derby High School in the town. Dawson joined Liverpool from Bury at the age of 14 for a reported £100,000, having turned down an offer from Manchester City. He was let go in 2009 due to disciplinary problems and returned to his hometown club Bury in October 2009 on a two-year scholarship. Dawson spent two years at Bury but was released on completion of his scholarship due to mutual consent. In June 2011, Dawson signed his first professional contract with Premier League side Wigan Athletic, a one-year deal, following a successful trial. In the summer of 2012, Dawson was offered a new month-to-month contract. In August 2012, he joined Football League Two side Accrington Stanley on loan along with Ryan Watson. Dawson made his professional debut for the club in a 1–0 defeat to Carlisle United in the Football League Cup, coming on as a substitute for Luke Clark. At the end of the month Dawson moved back to Wigan after making one appearance. In November 2012, Dawson asked to be released from his contract having been frustrated at the lack of first-team opportunities and the chance to move out on loan, a move he would later regret.
Dawson returned to football signing for North West Counties Football League Premier Division side Bacup Borough in November 2012. He made his debut for the club in the 1–0 home win against AFC Liverpool, in what proved to be his only appearance for the club. A week later, Dawson moved up the divisions to sign for Northern Premier League Premier Division side FC United of Manchester. Dawson made his debut the following day as a substitute in a 4–0 defeat to Rushall Olympic. Dawson went on to make four appearances for FC United, with his final appearance coming in a 1–0 win over Grantham Town in December 2012. In March 2013, Dawson was on the move again joining Conference Premier side Barrow on non-contract terms. His debut for the Bluebirds came in a 1–0 win over Dartford. Dawson went on to make nine appearances for Barrow scoring 4 goals but he couldn't stop the side from relegation to the Conference North at the end of the season. He was invited to stay at Barrow and join the squad in pre-season, however, he declined due to interest from Macclesfield Town, Bolton Wanderers, Luton Town, Morecambe, Hyde and Forest Green Rovers. In July 2013, Dawson joined NWCFL First Division side Nelson after turning down a contract from Barrow. He made a total of six league appearances for the Admirals scoring once against Holker Old Boys. In October 2013, after leaving Nelson, Dawson returned to training with Barrow, but a move didn't materialise. He also spent time training with Scottish Championship side Dundee, but a move was scuppered due to a registration issue. In the same month, Dawson signed for Leicester City having spent a period on trial with the club. In May 2014, Dawson was offered a new contract for the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="36701708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701708" title="Alberto Michán">
Alberto Michán

Alberto Michán Halbinger (born 2 December 1978) is a Mexican horse rider. He was born in Mexico City. He competed for Mexico at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, both in individual jumping and in team jumping.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he tied with Scott Brash and Nick Skelton, both of the United Kingdom, for fifth in individual jumping. He was part of the Mexican team for team jumping, which finished in ninth position.

</doc>
<doc id="36701709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701709" title="Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)">
Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)

"Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey, from her twelfth studio album "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel" (2009). It was co-written and co-produced by Carey, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, James "Big Jim" Wright and The-Dream. Due to the success of her eleventh studio album, "E=MC²" (2008), and its lead single "Touch My Body", Carey had planned to embark on an extensive tour in support of the effort, but poor charting subsequent singles from the album prompted a halt on promotion by her label, Island Records. It was also rumored that Carey had become pregnant and miscarried, though she never addressed it until late 2010. She began to work on her twelfth studio effort, "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel" throughout 2009, and it was released later on in the year. In October 2010, Carey revealed that she had in fact been pregnant in late 2008, and that was the reason why tour plans were cancelled.
The song was recorded at several recording locations, including The Boom Boom Room in Burbank, California, the Studio at the Palms in Las Vegas, Nevada and at Honeywest Studios in New York City. The lyrics revolve around the idea of outing a cheating boyfriend publicly on television, and Carey makes a reference to Oprah Winfrey and her chat show. "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" garnered mixed responses from music critics. Sal Cinqeumani for Slant Magazine wrote that the song was "promising," however, Jon Caramanica for "The New York Times" criticized the song's lackluster arrangement and Carey's vocal execution. Upon the release of "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel", the song peaked at number 66 on the US Hot Digital Songs chart in October 2009, and remained on the chart for a total of two weeks. 
Background.
After Carey finished her The Adventures of Mimi Tour (2006) in support of her tenth studio album "The Emancipation of Mimi" (2005), she began to work on material for her eleventh studio effort, the yet untitled "E=MC²" (2008). "E=MC²" was hailed as one of the most anticipated albums to be released in 2008, with many critics weighing their opinions on whether Carey would be able to deliver significant success, following her achievements with "The Emancipation of Mimi". After the release and success of "Touch My Body", the project's lead single, subsequent singles of the album failed to garner airplay or significant charting, Island Records halted promotion of the album. Since the album's release, Carey had planned to embark on an extensive tour in support of "E=MC²", describing its production and direction in several interviews. When asked to describe the tour's theme, Carey explained "I'm thinking elaborate. I like elaborate. We only do substantial. That's what my jeweler says. I haven't gotten the looks in mind just yet, but we're going to figure it out soon enough." Althoguh plans for a tour were underway, and Carey's announcement for a tour during her promotional appearance on "The X Factor" in the United Kingdom in November 2008, the tour was suddenly cancelled in the following month.
Because of the tour's cancellation, various media outlets circulated speculation that Carey had become pregnant, and had abandoned her plans for a tour as a result. Many reports were made claiming that Carey had been visiting a famed gynecologist's office in Los Angeles. Carey did not address those rumours until two years later on October 28, 2010, which was the same day she announced her new pregnancy; she admitted that she had indeed been pregnant during that time period in late 2008, and suffered a miscarriage. For that reason, she cancelled the tour, and lost the child only two months later. Carey later opted to record a new album, that would be released during the summer of 2009. During the later stages of the project, Carey released the title, "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel", that would serve as the singer's twelfth studio album. 
Production.
"Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" was co-written by Carey, Christopher Stewart James Wright and Terius Nash. It was also produced by the foursome, with Stewart credited as Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Wright as James "Big Jim" Wright and Nash as The-Dream. It was recorded by Brian Garten and Brian "B-Luv" Thomas at The Boom Boom Room in Burbank, California, Studio at the Palms in Las Vegas, Nevada and Honeywest Studios, New York City. Luis Navarro served as Garten and "B-Luvs recording assistant. Additional engineering was carried out by Andrew Wuepper. It was mixed by Jaycen-Joshua Fowler and Dave Pencado at Larrabee Studios in Universal City, California. They were assisted in the process by Giancarlo Lino. Keys and Hammond B3 were performed by "Big Jim" and "Tricky" Stewart.
"Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" is the opening song on the album, and lasts for a duration of 4 minutes exactly. As the album's opening track, Carey sing's "Welcome to a day of my life" as the first line of the song, as she begins to sing about the downfalls and shortcomings of love. According to Sal Cinqeumani for Slant Magazine, Carey sings in a taunting, schoolyard nature when she performs the lyrics "I'm gon' la-la-la-la-la-laugh." The song's lyrical content revolves around the protagonist getting a their own back to their estranged and cheating lover publicly on TV, as Carey sings "Oprah Winfrey whole segment, for real." Becky Bain for Idolator interpretation of the lyrics were that it is from a female perspective who sings about an adulterous man. The remix featuring R. Kelly leaked in July 2011, and draws influence from R&B. In 2014, Carey announced that the remix would appear on her upcoming fourteenth studio album, "Me. I Am Mariah… The Elusive Chanteuse", as a deluxe edition bonus track.
Critical reception.
"Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" garnered mixed responses from music critics. Sal Cinqeumani for Slant Magazine wrote that "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" is a "promising" song. James Reed for the "Boston Globe" was complimentary of the song because he felt that the first half of the track list better represented Carey, writing "halfway in, 'Memoirs' starts to sag under its own weight, and the sweetness that initially was so irresistible starts to get a little too sticky." Jon Caramanica for "The New York Times" was critical of the song, noting that her collaborators of choice on the album have delivered "largely listless arrangements", writing that Carey is "mumbling" on "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)". He likened her singing style on the song to other tracks on the album "Ribbon" and "Insepareable", writing that "talk-singing" is usually "the preserve of far worse singers." When the "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" remix featuring R. Kelly surfaced online, Becky Bain for Idolator wrote that the "stream-of-consciousness, the various voices for multiple players, the cheating plotline" is a reworking of his series of songs entitled "Trapped in the Closet" (2005).
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel".
Charts.
Upon the release of "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel", "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" debuted and peaked at number 66 on the US Hot Digital Songs chart on October 17, 2009. The song spent two weeks on the chart in total. It debuted at number three and peaked at number one on the US Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
Remix featuring R. Kelly.
"Betcha Gon' Know" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It is a remix of a song called "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)" that Carey recorded for her twelfth studio album, "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel" in 2009, and features guest vocals from R. Kelly. A remix album of "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel", entitled "Angels Advocate", was going to be released in 2010, with remixes of the songs featuring different artists, however the album was cancelled in favour for a brand new thirteenth studio album, "Merry Christmas II You", which was released in November 2010. The remix, "Betcha Gon' Know", featuring R. Kelly, is included as a deluxe edition bonus track on Carey's fourteenth studio album, "Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse", which was released in May 2014. It peaked at number 36 in South Korea, due to strong digital download sales upon the release of the album.
Background.
Following the announcement of plans for the Angels Advocate Tour in support of "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel", Carey revealed that she was going to released a remix album of the standard edition, remixing the song's to include featured artists and including songs from the album's recording sessions which did not make the final cut. American singer-songwriter R. Kelly was confirmed to be the featured artist on the remix of "Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)". "Angels Advocate" had been planned to be released in March 2010, but for unknown reasons was cancelled, and Carey revealed that she was going to work on her second Christmas/thirteenth studio album instead, later revealed to be titled "Merry Christmas II You", which was released in late 2010. The remix featuring R. Kelly, with the shortened title of "Betcha Gon' Know", is included as a deluxe edition bonus track on her fourteenth studio album "Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse", which was released on 27 May 2014.
Chart.
Upon the release of "Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse", "Thirsty" debuted on the South Korean Internatioanl Gaon Single Chart at number 36 for the week ending June 1, 2014, due to digital download sales of 4,232.

</doc>
<doc id="36701713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701713" title="Oxford Historic District (Oxford, Georgia)">
Oxford Historic District (Oxford, Georgia)

The Oxford Historic District in Oxford, Georgia is a historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1975. It includes Renaissance, Greek Revival, and Gothic architecture amidst 23 contributing buildings, one being Orna Villa, which is separately NRHP-listed. It also includes two contributing sites and one other contributing structure. The boundaries of the district today includes all of Oxford College of Emory University, the "Old Church", two cemeteries, two commercial establishments, and many residences built by Emory College-related people.
The contributing structures on the college campus include Seney Hall, Language Hall, the "Old Gym", the Prayer Chapel, Candler Hall, Haygood Hall, Few Hall, Pierce Hall, Phi Gamma Hall, a Confederate cemetery, and the Allen Memorial Church. A marble shaft monument in the center of the quad dedicated by the Masonic Lodge of Georgia to Emory's first President Ignatius Alphonso Few is a contributing monument. Other contributing structures in the residential neighborhood include the Oxford Cemetery, the Old Church, and houses built by Emory College's founders.

</doc>
<doc id="36701722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701722" title="Marie Curie (disambiguation)">
Marie Curie (disambiguation)

Marie Curie (1867–1934, born Marie Skłodowska) was a Polish-French chemist and physicist
Marie Curie may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701735" title="Luka Đorđević">
Luka Đorđević

Luka Đorđević (Cyrillic: Лукa Ђорђевић, born 9 July 1994) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as forward for Russian Premier League club FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. He made his debut for Montenegro's national team in 2012 at the age of 18. 
Club career.
Zenit.
On August 11, 2012, Đorđević made his first appearance for Zenit when he came in the 83rd minute as a substitute in the club's 5-0 win against Spartak Moskva. Đorđević made humorous headlines back home when he made Zenit-teammate Axel Witsel hold a piece of paper saying "I wake up often in Borča", a reference to a song by Džej Ramadanovski.
Loan to Twente.
Đorđević went on a one-season loan from Zenit to Twente in August 2013. On January 11, 2014, he scored his first goal for Twente in a friendly match against VfL Osnabrück.
International career.
Đorđević received his first call-up for the Montenegro national football team on August 27, 2012 for matches against Poland and San Marino on September 7 and 11 respectively. He scored on his debut against San Marino on September 11, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36701740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701740" title="Angel Gavrovski">
Angel Gavrovski

Angel Gavrovski (; born 25 June 1942) is a Macedonian painter.
Biography.
Gavrovski was born in the village of Žilče, near Tetovo. He graduated from the Faculty for Fine Arts in Belgrade in 1967. As one of the most prominent contemporary artists he became a member of DLUM - Macedonian Artists’ Association in 1968.
He was employed at Public high school of Fine Arts and Design in Skopje as a Professor of Professional Teaching 1945 - 2010.
During his working experience as an art teacher, he has realized three independent as well as numerous group exhibitions and participated actively in many art colonies. Some of those exhibits include: 

</doc>
<doc id="36701744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701744" title="Orna Villa">
Orna Villa

Orna Villa, also known as the Alexander Means House and the Means/Tanner House, is a historic Greek Revival house located on Emory Street in Oxford, Georgia. Built in 1825, it is the oldest house in Oxford. The house is a work of Richard K. Dearing. 
The home was owned for a time by Alexander Means, a founder and president of Emory College (the original site of which is now Oxford College of Emory University) and was used as a hospital during the American Civil War. The house has been featured in works on haunted houses because of its alleged association with the ghost of Tobe Means. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973. Orna Villa was the location of a college frat party in "The Vampire Diaries".
It is a contributing building within the Oxford Historic District which also is NRHP-listed.

</doc>
<doc id="36701745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701745" title="Phil Cavanagh">
Phil Cavanagh

Phil Cavanagh is a Member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the 17th district. He is the son of Jerome Cavanagh who was Mayor of Detroit from 1962-1970

</doc>
<doc id="36701753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701753" title="Thomas Wheeler (disambiguation)">
Thomas Wheeler (disambiguation)

Thomas Wheeler was a soldier and writer.
Thomas Wheeler may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701759" title="List of airports in Darwin">
List of airports in Darwin

This is a list of airports in Darwin Northern Territory.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36701760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701760" title="List of airports in the Northern Territory">
List of airports in the Northern Territory

This is a list of airports in the Australian territory of the Northern Territory.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36701773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701773" title="Olympic Champions of Armenian Descent">
Olympic Champions of Armenian Descent

Gymnastics.
Hrant Shahinyan - 1952
Albert Azaryan - 1956 (2), 1960
Eduard Azaryan - 1980
Weightlifting.
Rafael Chimishkyan - 1952
Norair Nurikyan - 1972, 1976
Yurik Vardanyan - 1980
Oksen Mirzoyan - 1988
Israel Militosyan - 1992
Boxing.
Vladimir Yengibaryan - 1956
Football.
Nikita Simonyan - 1956
Ice hockey.
Grigory Mkrtychan - 1956
Vicki Movsessian - 1998
Wrestling.
Suren Nalbandyan - 1976
Sanasar Oganisyan - 1980
Levon Julfalakyan - 1988
Mnatsakan Iskandaryan - 1992
Armen Nazaryan - 1996, 2000
Varteres Samurgashev - 2000
Basketball.
Elen Shakirova (Bunatyants) - 1992
Fencing.
Heorhiy Pohosov - 1992
Karina Aznavourian - 2000, 2004
Shooting.
Hrachya Petikyan - 1992
Artur Ayvazyan - 2008
Tennis.
Andre Agassi - 1996
Judo.
Arsen Galstyan - 2012

</doc>
<doc id="36701774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701774" title="Means House">
Means House

Means House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701784" title="Kanchana Mendis">
Kanchana Mendis

Kanchana Mendis, is a Sri Lankan actress who entered the film industry through the Sinhala film Rajaya Sewaya Pinisai. She has also appeared in a Tamil film named "Varnajalam" where the main roles are done by Sadha and Srikanth. She is married and has one child.
In 2003, Mendis was chosen as a "Brand Ambassador" for the special 40th anniversary lottery ticket from the Sri Lankan National Lotteries Board. During the same year, she won the Sumathi Tele award at Artscope for Most Popular Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="36701785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701785" title="União Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola">
União Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola

União Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola ('General Union of the Workers of Angola', abbreviated UGTA) was an Angolan trade union organization in exile. UGTA was founded in 1964 following a split away from Liga Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola (LGTA), and was linked to the Council of the Angolan People (CPA, a small Kinshasa-based political movement). UGTA would later become aligned with UNITA.
UGTA was founded by the former LGTA leader Andre Martins-Kassinda. As of December 1966 Paul Bing was the UGTA chairman, Bernardo Domingos the vice president, André Kassinda general secretary, Carlos Manuel Pacheco assistant general secretary and Mauricio Luvualu secretary for international relations. UGTA was affiliated to the World Federation of Trade Unions and the All-African Trade Union Federation.
UGTA joined hands with "Federação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola" and the "Confederação Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola" in denouncing the UNTA-led coalition CUACSA, following a CUACSA statement denouncing the other Kinshasa-based unions.
In 1971 the then UGTA general secretary, Mauricio Luvualu, was handed over to the Portuguese by the Kinshasa government. Luvualu was sentenced to forced labour. Upon his release in 1974 he founded a new trade union movement, "Confederação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola" (CNTA). UGTA merged with the CNTA at a congress held April 24–25, 1975, forming the "Sindicato Angolano dos Camponeses e Operários" (SINDACO). The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions was represented at the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36701790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701790" title="Means House (Jonesville, South Carolina)">
Means House (Jonesville, South Carolina)

The Means House near Jonesville, South Carolina was built in 1821. Situated on an isolated 20 acres in rural Union County SC, the 2650 square foot Means House has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973. The listing, in 1973, included two contributing buildings on . 
Situated on an isolated 20 acres in Union County, South Carolina, the 2650 square foot Means House is an unrestored federal treasure. Built in 1821, the Means House is an example of Georgian architecture. The house features rare Flemish bonded brick and Federal period woodwork. In 2008, the Palmetto Trust for Historic Places (a 501(c) 3 preservation organization) purchased the home in partnership with the Union County Historical Society. The house and property currently are listed with the Palmetto Trust for Historic Places as being for sale for $86,798. 
Although Means House is located in a rural area, downtown Spartanburg and the Interstate Highway 85 corridor are within 35 minutes from the doorstep. Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport is within 50 minutes. Other nearby historic sites include Rose Hill Plantation.

</doc>
<doc id="36701808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701808" title="CBS Reality">
CBS Reality

CBS Reality is a reality television channel which broadcasts across Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
On 14 September 2009, it was revealed that the international arm of CBS, CBS Studios International, struck a joint venture deal with Chellomedia to launch six CBS-branded channels in the UK during 2009. The new channels would replace Zone Romantica, Zone Thriller, Zone Horror and Zone Reality, plus timeshift services Zone Horror +1 and Zone Reality +1. On 1 October 2009, it was announced that CBS Reality, CBS Reality +1, CBS Drama and CBS Action would launch on 16 November 2009 replacing Zone Reality, Zone Reality +1, Zone Romantica and Zone Thriller. On 5 April 2010, Zone Horror and Zone Horror +1 were rebranded as Horror Channel and Horror Channel +1, following the rebrand of the portfolio’s other three channels in November 2009.
On 1 August 2012 Chellomedia revealed that the European version of Zone Reality would be rebranded into CBS Reality as well. In Europe CBS Reality replaced Zone Reality on 3 December 2012.
As of 2 April 2014, CBS Reality is available on Freeview (EPG 66) in the United Kingdom. 

</doc>
<doc id="36701813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701813" title="Suman Ghosh (director)">
Suman Ghosh (director)

Suman Ghosh is a Bengali film director, and an economist at Florida Atlantic University.
Suman Ghosh is a National Award winning Indian filmmaker who has made 4 feature films and one documentary film. He had his film training at Cornell University in New York. His first feature film “Footsteps”, starring Soumitra Chatterjee and Nandita Das won 2 National Awards in 2008. It was shown at numerous film festivals including Vancouver, Karlovy Vary and IAAC New York. His second feature film “Dwando”, also starring Soumitra Chatterjee, was a part of the Indian Panorama at IFFI Goa in 2009. His next feature film “Nobel Thief”, starring the Indian megastar Mithun Chakraborty was world premiered at the Busan IFF and was an official selection at the BFI, London Film festival. The film received the “Best Indian Film” award at the Bengaluru International Film Festival in 2012.
His latest feature film “Shyamal Uncle Turns off the Lights” has had a warm reception from critics and audiences all over the world. It was world premiered at the Busan Film Festival in South Korea and had its North American Premiere at the MoMA, NY. It has been shown at a number of international film festivals including BUSAN IFF, Mumbai FF, Santa Barbara IFF, ReelWorld Film Festival (Toronto), Delhi 010 Digital Film Festival, Freiburger Film Forum (Germany), Indian Film Festival in Stuttgart, Germany and 10th Green Film Festival (Seoul). It won the “Outstanding International Feature Award” at the ReelWorld Film festival in Toronto. The film, based on a true incident, traces the journey of Shyamal Uncle, an eighty-year old retiree, as he wades through an apathetic system with a seemingly trivial goal – turn off the street lights near his home which are left on even during the day. Colin Burrows is the executive producer and it is being distributed in North America by Global Film Initiative.
Vincent Malausa at Cahiers du Cinema calls it “extraordinary magic …..leads to one of the most beautiful happy endings we have ever seen” and “The impeccable rhythm and the art with which the director deals with new twists….invite the audience to understand that a true epic is told in the small adventure.” Another reviewer notes that “With echoes of Kurosawa’s ‘Ikiru,’ the great 1952 Japanese film about a low level bureaucrat who gets a playground for a neighborhood, and solidly in the tradition of the Indian realism of Satyajit Ray—Pather Panchali and the Apu Trilogy, Suman Ghosh, the writer and director, establishes himself as an important filmmaker in the 21st century.”
He is currently completing his new feature film “Kadambari” starring Konkona SenSharma and Parambrata Chatterjee. It is based on the life of Rabindranath Tagore and his controversial relationship with his sister-in-law Kadambari Devi.

</doc>
<doc id="36701824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701824" title="Konstandinos Poulios">
Konstandinos Poulios

Konstandinos Poulios (born 19 September 1977) is a Greek long-distance runner. He was born in Athens. He competed in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36701827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701827" title="Wiretail">
Wiretail

Wiretail may refer either to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701833" title="Darren Lim">
Darren Lim

Darren Lim (, born 30 September 1972) is a Singaporean actor and television host.
Career.
Having left school at age 15, Lim began his career as a singer before joining the Television Corporation of Singapore, MediaCorp's predecessor, in the mid-1990s. He joined SPH MediaWorks in 2000 and was transferred back to MediaCorp when both companies merged in 2005. Since rejoining MediaCorp his profile rose considerably and was nominated for the Best Supporting Actor several times, most notably for his role in "The Little Nyonya".
Lim left MediaCorp in May 2012 after some 20 years in showbiz to work at his father's business. His final series was "The In-Laws".
Personal life.
Lim married fellow artiste Evelyn Tan in 2004. The couple have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="36701837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701837" title="Smashed">
Smashed

Smashed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701852" title="Salvinia auriculata">
Salvinia auriculata

Salvinia auriculata is a species of plant in the Salviniaceae known by the common names eared watermoss, African payal, and butterfly fern. It is native to the Americas from Mexico south to Argentina and Chile. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant and it has become naturalized in the wild in some places.
This species is hard to distinguish from other "Salvinia". The plant varies in size depending on how crowded it is among other plants.
This plant has long been known as an invasive species. It had infested the Zambezi River by 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="36701854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701854" title="Mollie Phillips">
Mollie Phillips

Mollie Doreen Phillips OBE (27 July 1907 – 15 December 1994) was a British figure skater and Olympic judge. She is regarded as a pioneer in the sport. Phillips was the first woman to carry a national flag at the opening ceremony of an Olympic Games when she led out Great Britain at the 1932 Winter Olympics. In 1961 she became High Sheriff of Carmarthenshire, the first woman to hold the title.
Biography.
Mollie Doreen Phillips was born in London on 27 July 1907. Her father was George Phillips.
She studied Law at Lincoln's Inn but focussed much of her time on figure skating. In 1949 she became the Cardiganshire County Commissioner for the Girl Guides Association. She held a variety of other public appointments, including Justice of the Peace, a member of the local police authority, and a General Commissioner of Income Tax. In 1949 Phillips became the manager of a dairy farm and found a new career as a breeder of dairy cattle.
Phillips died in Lambeth, Greater London on 15 December 1994 at the age of 87.
Skating career.
Phillips was trained by Howard Nicholson and paired up with Rodney Murdoch to compete. In 1933 they skated as a partnership, winning the British championship and then bronze at the European Figure Skating Championships. After Murdoch retired she focussed on the singles events, achieving some success in British and European competitions.
Phillips competed at the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York and the 1936 Games at Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany. She competed in the women's singles event of the figure skating, finishing 9th and 11th respectively.
Phillips was the first woman to carry the flag and lead out her national team at any Olympic Games. The 1932 British Winter Olympic team comprised only four athletes, all in figure skating and all female. Phillips was by far the senior member of the team at the age of 24 compared to Joan Dix, the second oldest, at just 13 years of age. The other two competitors, Cecilia Colledge and Megan Taylor, were both 11.
In 1939 her election to the Council of the National Ice Skating Association, becoming the first woman to have such a role, caused some controversy amongst some of the men in charge of the sport. She went on to become a high-profile figure skating judge and, at the 1948 World Figure Skating Championships, the first woman to referee a world championship.
Results.
with Rodney Murdoch

</doc>
<doc id="36701857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701857" title="Asmerom">
Asmerom

Asmerom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36701861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701861" title="Antony Good">
Antony Good

Antony John Good (born 10 November 1952) is a former English cricketer. Good was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium pace. He was born at Kumasi in the British Gold Coast.
Good made his first-class debut for Lancashire against Gloucestershire at Old Trafford in the 1973 County Championship. This was his only first-class appearance for Lancashire in 1973, although he also made his List A debut in this season against Hampshire in the John Player League. His next appearance for Lancashire came in the 1975 County Championship against Warwickshire, in what was his only first team appearance in that season. In 1976, he appeared in six first-class matches, the last of which came against Middlesex at Lord's. He also made five List A appearances in this season, the last of which came against Hampshire in the John Player League at the County Ground, Southampton. In total, Good made eight first-class appearances for the county, taking 17 wickets at an average of 28.35, with best figures of 5/62, which came against Northamptonshire in 1976. In List A cricket, he made six appearances for the county, taking 5 wickets at an average of 32.60, with best figures of 2/31.
Good left Lancashire at the end of the 1976 season and proceeded to join Cheshire. He made his debut for the county in the 1977 Minor Counties Championship against the Somerset Second XI, with him making four further appearances during that season. Although he didn't feature for Cheshire in 1978, he did however made a single List A appearance for a Minor Counties East side against Northamptonshire in the Benson & Hedges Cup. In 1979, Good made four appearances for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship, the last of which came against Durham. He also made four List A appearances for Minor Counties North in that seasons Benson & Hedges Cup, playing against Kent, Middlesex, Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire, taking a total of 3 wickets at an average of 7.00, with best figures of 3/21.

</doc>
<doc id="36701862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701862" title="Marcos Chuva">
Marcos Chuva

Marcos António Quintino Chuva (born 8 August 1989) is a Portuguese longjumper. He was born in Oeiras. He competed for Portugal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36701866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701866" title="Girma Asmerom">
Girma Asmerom

Girma Asmerom is an Eritrean politician. He is ambassador of Eritrea to the African Union.

</doc>
<doc id="36701867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701867" title="List of Premier League of Belize stadiums">
List of Premier League of Belize stadiums

The following is a list of Premier League of Belize stadiums that have hosted a Premier League match since its inception in 2012.
Following the 2012 Premier League, there have been a total of eleven stadiums that have hosted a Premier League match.

</doc>
<doc id="36701872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701872" title="Human rights issues in Northeast India">
Human rights issues in Northeast India

Human rights issues in the Northeastern states of India have been widely reported in the press and by human rights activists.
Northeast India refers to the easternmost region of India consisting of the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, and Tripura, as well as parts of North Bengal (districts of Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri, and Koch Bihar).
Background.
An ongoing separatist struggle has continued in the region since the late 1940s, making it the longest running separatist struggle in South Asia. There are multiple parties involved in the struggles including different ethnic groups and states, some of whom want total independence from India while others call for a restructuring of the states.
The Northeast states have accused New Delhi of ignoring the issues concerning them. A feeling of second-class citizenship meted out to them by mainland Indians has led the natives of these states to seek greater self-governance. There are also existing territorial disputes within the Northeastern states, including between Manipur and Nagaland, Nagaland and Assam, Meghalaya and Assam, and Mizoram and Assam. These are often based on historical border disputes and differing ethnic, tribal or cultural affinities. There has been a number of insurgent activities and regional movements in all parts of the northeast, often unique in character to each state. Military action by the armed and paramilitary forces and political action have led to the intensity of these insurgencies fluctuating and to the resolution of the insurgency in Mizoram.
Human rights abuses on the part of Indian forces in the area are frequently traced to from immunity granted to Indian security forces under the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958. The act has been criticized by Human Rights Watch as a "tool of state abuse, oppression and discrimination".
A report by the Institute for Defense Studies and Analysis points to multiple occurrences of violence by security forces against civilians in Manipur since the passage of the Act. The report states that residents believe that the provision for immunity of security forces urge them to act more brutally. The article, however, goes on to say that repeal or withering away of the act will encourage insurgency.
Examples.
Violence broke out between Bodo tribes and Muslim migrant settlers in the Kokrajhar district of Assam on 20 July 2012, leaving at least 45 people dead and approximately 300,000 displaced in the month of July. According to Human Rights Watch, the fighting has led to a strict curfew, with police being given "shoot at sight" orders for curfew violators. Multiple police shootings were reported after the order was given.
Allegations of sexual assault.
Women are mostly raped during crackdowns where men of the villages or towns are gathered outside their homes and women are forced to stay indoors. The majority of the perpetrators walk free under the immunity acquired from prosecution under the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 which has been imposed for several decades. Furthermore most of the rapes go unreported due to the social stigma and fear of backlash.
The Assam Police between 2006 and 2011 received over 7000 complaints of rape and also 11,553 complaints of kidnappings involving women. Rockybul Hussain said that 12,683 persons were arrested over these allegations.

</doc>
<doc id="36701888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701888" title="Hondelagia">
Hondelagia

Hondelagia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the Priscaenigmatidae family. The genus has been described three times under the same taxonomy, but was initially described by A. Bode in 1953. It currently contains one species, the Hondelagia reticulata which was described by Bode in 1953. Its wing is in length and in width. It was found in Hondelage in Braunschweig. The genus was later described in 1992 by F. M. Carpenter and in 2002 by M. S. Engel. The genus' sister taxa is the extinct Priscaenigma. The species has no sister taxa.

</doc>
<doc id="36701904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701904" title="Jiří Granát">
Jiří Granát

Jiří Granát (born 28 Jan 1955) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia.
Career.
Granát took part in the main singles draw of nine Grand Slam tournaments during his career. He made the third round of the 1979 French Open, beating Jose Luis Damiani and then Francisco González. His only other Grand Slam third round appearances both came in 1982. He reached the third round of the men's doubles at the 1982 French Open (with Stanislav Birner) and 1982 US Open (with Erick Iskersky).
On the Grand Prix tennis circuit, Granát won one title, which was the doubles at the 1981 Sofia Open. His best singles performance came at the 1977 Scandinavian Covered Court Championships in Helsinki, where he was a semi-finalist. He had a win over Peter McNamara at Rotterdam in 1983, when the Australian was ranked seventh in the world.
Granát appeared in one Davis Cup tie for Czechoslovakia, in 1977, against Ireland. He played the doubles rubber, with Tomáš Šmíd. They defeated the Irish pairing of James McCardle and John O'Brien.
He defected to Switzerland in 1983 and worked for the Swiss Tennis Federation as a coach after retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="36701905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701905" title="Stephen Kiprotich">
Stephen Kiprotich

Stephen Kiprotich (born 27 February 1989) is a Ugandan long-distance runner, born in Kapchorwa District. He is the 2012 Olympic champion in the marathon, with a winning time of 2:08:01 in hot, sunny, and humid conditions. This was the first Olympic medal for Uganda since 1996, the first gold medal since 1972, and the first ever in the marathon. His winning of the Moscow IAAF championship marathon on 17 August 2013 has made him the reigning World and Olympic marathon champion. He is the second person, after Gezahegne Abera, to follow an Olympic marathon gold medal with a world championship gold medal.
Biography.
He is the youngest of seven children of subsistence farmers from Kapchorwa District, near the Uganda-Kenya border. As a child, he missed three years of elementary school due to an undiagnosed illness. From 2004 to 2006, he quit athletics to concentrate on school. Then, at the age of 17, he quit school and moved to the Eldoret region of Kenya, in the Rift Valley, to train for the marathon with Eliud Kipchoge. He was assisted by A Running Start, a non-profit foundation based in New York.
He ran a personal best in the marathon of 2:07:20 in 2011 at the Enschede Marathon in the Netherlands, which set a new course record for the Enschede Marathon and a new Ugandan record in athletics. He finished third in the 2012 Tokyo Marathon with a time of 2:07:50.
He was inspired in part by John Akii-Bua, the only previous Ugandan Olympic gold medalist, who won the 400 metres hurdles in the 1972 Olympics in Munich, Germany, setting a new world record in the process.
He then went on to win the London 2012 Olympic Marathon, ahead of Kenyan runners Abel Kirui and Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich who finished second and third respectively.
In 2012, Kiprotich won the Nile Special-Uspa Sports Personality of the Year award, the Ugandan sports award.
In 2013, Kiprotich won the IAAF Moscow 2013 Marathon in 2:09:51 to grab the Gold Medal.
Kiprotich is considered a national hero, mostly based upon his gold medal, but also his other athletic achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="36701919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701919" title="List of accounting schools in Pakistan">
List of accounting schools in Pakistan

This is a list of accounting schools in Pakistan, registered with Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
professional academy of commerce
Punjab.
Professional Academy of Commerce (PAC)

</doc>
<doc id="36701923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701923" title="List of heritage sites damaged during the Syrian Civil War">
List of heritage sites damaged during the Syrian Civil War

This is a list of heritage sites that were damaged during the Syrian Civil War.
Damage has been caused to all six World Heritage Sites in Syria along with numerous historic buildings, tell mounds, and archaeological sites. Destructive effects of the conflict are caused by shelling, looting and army or militias occupation.
Shelling.
Concern has also been raised about sites likely to be affected by shelling including the World Heritage Sites at the centres of Damascus and Aleppo and the tentative World Heritage Site of Norias of Hama.
Looting.
There are twenty five cultural heritage museums dispersed around Syria, many with artifacts stored outside. It has been reported that Homs museum has been looted and that only the museums and monuments of the capital, Damascus are safe from looting and destruction from the escalating warfare between government and armed rebel militias. The Prime Minister of Syria, Adel Safar warned on 11 July 2011 that ""the country is threatened by armed criminal groups with hi-tech tools and specialized in the theft of manuscripts and antiquities, as well as the pillaging of museums"" and called for increased security measures. This warning about the future situation has been interpreted as encouragement for the regime to participate in looting, as is suggested whom? to have happened before in the times of Hafez al-Assad.
Security at the Museum of Idlib has also been raised as a concern by Syrian archaeological heritage under threat. The lack of documentation of antiquities in the country has created a severe problem protecting the collections. Looting carries a fifteen-year prison sentence in Syria.
Latest reports indicate a growing black market in the region where antiquities are being traded for weapons by the rebels. Time Magazine commented that continued looting will ""rob Syria of its best chance for a post-conflict economic boom based on tourism, which, until the conflict started 18 months ago, contributed 12% to the national income.""
Army or militias occupation.
Damage to ancient sites can be caused due to army occupation by encampments, entrenchment of military vehicles and weapons. It can also be caused during movement of materials for construction, souvenirs or even target practice.
UNESCO reaction.
On 30 March 2012 Irena Bokova, the Director-General of UNESCO made a public appeal for the protection of Syria's cultural heritage and expressed ""grave concern about possible damage to precious sites.""
On 2 October, Bokova issued a statement of regret about the destruction and fire that burnt the ancient souk in the old city of Aleppo. Calling it a ""crossroads of cultures since the 2nd millennium BC"". She called on the parties involved to comply with the Hague Convention of 1954 on the protection of cultural property in the event of armed conflict. She furthermore promised to send a team to assess the situation and provide assistance for emergency situations in order to protect Aleppo's heritage and to mitigate the effects of the cultural disaster and to avoid further damage.
In June 2013, UNESCO placed Syria's six World Heritage Sites on the organization's list of endangered sites.

</doc>
<doc id="36701938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701938" title="Confederação dos Sindicatos Livres de Angola">
Confederação dos Sindicatos Livres de Angola

Confederação dos Sindicatos Livres de Angola ('Confederation of Free Trade Unions of Angola', abbreviated CSLA) was an Angolan trade union organization in exile. CSLA was launched by MDIA, a small pacificst Bakongo movement, in September 1962. CSLA insisted on using non-violent methods of struggle. In 1964 CSLA joined the National Union of Angolan Workers, forming a joint coordination body CUACSA. CSLA worked in liaison with Nto-Bako organized campaigns and MDIA, calling on Angolan refugees to return home. In 1964 CSLA claimed that they had organized the return of 4,000 Angolan workers, to build CSLA organization inside the country.
In July 1966 CSLA withdrew from CUACSA.
In 1968, CSLA would claim to have 37,926 members, but in fact the organization had a very marginal existence.

</doc>
<doc id="36701953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701953" title="List of airports in Queensland">
List of airports in Queensland

This is a list of airports in the Australian state of Queensland.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36701959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701959" title="Andrea Bari">
Andrea Bari

Andrea Bari (born 1980) is an Italian volleyball player, who competes for Trentino Diatec and the national team. He has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701969" title="Dante Boninfante">
Dante Boninfante

Dante Boninfante (born 7 March 1977 in Battipaglia) is an Italian volleyball player, a member of Italian national team that won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He has been playing for Italian club Marmi Lanza Verona since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36701971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701971" title="Nouhair Al Shemari">
Nouhair Al Shemari

Nouhair Al Shemari is a kuwait football Defender who played for Kuwait in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Qadsia

</doc>
<doc id="36701979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701979" title="Andrea Giovi">
Andrea Giovi

Andrea Giovi (born 1983) is an Italian volleyball player, who competes for Sir Safety Perugia and the national team. He has won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36701990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701990" title="Farm to Market Road 692">
Farm to Market Road 692

Farm to Market Road 692 (FM 692) is a farm to market road located in Newton County, Texas. The route runs from Texas State Highway 63 in Burkeville north to Louisiana Highway 191 at the Louisiana state line north of South Toledo Bend. FM 692 is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Route description.
FM 692 begins at a junction with State Highway 63 in Burkeville. From here, the highway heads north a rural area. The route then turns to the northeast, following a twisting route through farmland. After turning north again, the road crosses three creeks and passes Gunter Cemetery. The highway then reaches a junction with Texas Recreational Road 255 in South Toledo Bend. After passing Texas State Highway Spur 135 north of that junction, FM 692 crosses a channel connecting the Toledo Bend Reservoir to the Sabine River and heads north alongside the Toledo Bend Dam. FM 692 ends at the Louisiana border while along the dam; the road continues into Louisiana as Highway 191.
History.
FM 692 was originally designated on June 4, 1946, on a route between FM 665 and FM 693 in Nueces County; this route became part of Texas State Highway 357 in September of the same year. In 1951, FM 692 was first designated along part of its current route; the original highway ran from State Highway 63 northward. The highway was extended 2.8 miles in November 1951, 
In 1960, FM 692 extended north 6.6 miles. In 1961, FM 652 extended north 1.4 miles. In 1964, it extended north 0.8 miles. In 1969, FM 692 extended to the Louisiana State Line, which brought the route to its current length. FM 692 has not changed its route since its 1969 expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="36701995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701995" title="Husain Al-Khodari">
Husain Al-Khodari

Husain Al-Khodari is a kuwait football Defender who played for Kuwait in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He also played for Al-Salmiya SC

</doc>
<doc id="36701996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36701996" title="Wallace de Souza">
Wallace de Souza

Wallace de Souza (São Paulo, 26 June 1987) is a Brazilian volleyball player, who competes for Sada Cruzeiro Vôlei and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Brazil got to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702010" title="Sidão">
Sidão

Sidnei dos Santos Júnior (born 1982), commonly known as Sidão is a Brazilian volleyball player, who competes for SESI São Paulo and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Brazil lost in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702012" title="Saleh Al-Buraiki">
Saleh Al-Buraiki

Saleh Al-Buraiki is a kuwait football Midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 2000 Summer Olympics. He also played for Al-Salmiya

</doc>
<doc id="36702018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702018" title="Kiprotich">
Kiprotich

Kiprotich is a Kalenjin name, common in parts of Kenya and Uganda inhabited by the Kalenjin people. It stems from the name Rotich with the prefix "Kip-", meaning "son of".

</doc>
<doc id="36702020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702020" title="Thiago Soares Alves">
Thiago Soares Alves

Thiago Soares Alves (born 1986) is a Brazilian volleyball player, who is a wing spiker and competes for Fenerbahçe Grundig and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Brazil got to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702024" title="List of airports in South Australia">
List of airports in South Australia

This is a list of airports in the Australian state of South Australia.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36702030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702030" title="Frederick Rawlins">
Frederick Rawlins

Frederick Rawlins (28 September 1907 – 27 December 1968) was an English cricketer. Rawlins was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Blunham, Bedfordshire, and was educated at Wellingborough School.
Rawlins made his debut for Bedfordshire against the Kent Second XI in the 1926 Minor Counties Championship. He played minor counties cricket for Bedfordshire from 1926 to 1935, making seventy appearances, the last of which came against Cambridgeshire. Playing minor counties cricket for Bedfordshire allowed Rawlins to be selected to play for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, who he made his first-class debut for against Lancashire at Old Trafford in 1930. The Minor Counties won the toss and elected to bat first, making 216 all out, with Rawlins being dismissed for a duck by Len Hopwood. Lancashire then made 188 all out in their first-innings, to which the Minor Counties responded in their second-innings by reaching nine without loss, at which point the match was curtailed by rain and declared a draw. He later made a second first-class appearance for the team against Oxford University at the University Parks in 1934. The Minor Counties won the toss and elected to bat first, making 539/8 declared, with Rawlins scoring 74 runs before he was dismissed by Kenneth Jackson. Oxford University then made 469 all out in their first-innings, to which the Minor Counties responded in their second-innings by reaching 129/4, with Rawlins scoring 36 runs before he was dismissed by Jake Seamer. The match ended as a draw.
He died at Biddenham, Bedfordshire, on 27 December 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36702033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702033" title="Aleksandr Sokolov (volleyball)">
Aleksandr Sokolov (volleyball)

Aleksandr Sokolov (born 1982) is a Russian volleyball player, who competes for Fakel and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Russia won the gold medal in the final against Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36702040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702040" title="Dmitriy Muserskiy">
Dmitriy Muserskiy

Dmitriy Muserskiy (born 29 October 1988 in Makiivka, Ukraine) is a Russian volleyball player, who competes for Belogorie Belogorod and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Russia got to the final and won against Brazil. He won 31 points in that match and was Russia's best player. With his height of 218 cm he is one of the tallest players in professional volleyball.
In 2013 Muserskiy was appointed MVP in the 2013 Men's European Volleyball Championship in which Russia also won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36702042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702042" title="Dmitriy Ilinikh">
Dmitriy Ilinikh

Dmitriy Ilinikh (born 31 January 1987) is a Russian volleyball player, who competes for Belogorie Belogorod and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Russia won the gold medal in the final against Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36702049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702049" title="Aleksey Obmochaev">
Aleksey Obmochaev

Aleksey Obmochaev (born 22 May 1989 in Kislovodsk) is a Russian volleyball player.
Biography.
He plays libero for ZENIT Kazan, and the national team. He made his Olympic debut at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and won the Gold medal.
His wife Nataliya Obmochaeva is also a professional volleyball player in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36702052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702052" title="List of airports in Tasmania">
List of airports in Tasmania

This is a list of airports in the Australian state of Tasmania.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36702053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702053" title="Mohammad Al Buraiki">
Mohammad Al Buraiki

Mohammad Al Buraiki is a Kuwaiti football Midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Salmiya

</doc>
<doc id="36702058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702058" title="Hussain Seraj">
Hussain Seraj

Hussain Seraj is a Kuwaiti football Forward who played for Kuwait in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Fahaheel.

</doc>
<doc id="36702061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702061" title="Wayne Massarelli">
Wayne Massarelli

Wayne Armand Massarelli (August 30, 1949 – July 13, 2012) was an American make-up artist whose film credits included "My Fellow Americans", "The Muppets Take Manhattan", ', "These Old Broads" and "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde". His television work included ', "Karen Sisco", "Grace Under Fire", and "Tears and Laughter: The Joan and Melissa Rivers Story".
Massarelli was raised in Boston, before moving to California. He began his career by working at a Beverly Hills, California, salon. One of his clients, actress Farrah Fawcett, liked his work and hired him to do her make-up for all of her cosmetic and advertising campaigns, marking his entry into the entertainment industry. His most notable clients for film and television grew to include Lauren Bacall, Dyan Cannon, Joan Rivers, Ann-Margret, and Jane Fonda.
He died from liver cancer in Pasadena, California, on July 13, 2012, at the age of 62. He was survived by his partner, John W. Miller, his mother and his sister.

</doc>
<doc id="36702063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702063" title="Our Lady of Saidnaya Monastery">
Our Lady of Saidnaya Monastery

Our Lady of Saidnaya Monastery or Our Lady of Seydnaya Monastery is a Greek orthodox monastery located in Saidnaya, Syria. It is one of the most ancient Monasteries in the world and MENA region. It is run by a religious order of nuns.
It is an important pilgrimage site for Christians and Muslims with an icon of the St Mary attributed to St Luke. 
The main chapel has numerous icons and a wooden iconostasis in front of the altar. The pilgrimage shrine is separate from the main chapel. The icon, called Shaghoura, meaning 'the famous', is kept hidden in an ornate silver-doored niche, while either side of this there are a number of later icons. Numerous beaten silver crosses and other religious symbols left by pilgrims are displayed on the walls.
Tradition holds that the monastery was constructed by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I in 547 AD, after he had two visions of Saint Mary, one that indicated where to build the church and the other outlining its design. Justinian dedicated the finished project to the feast of Mary's Nativity, and annually thereafter on September 8, and through to the present day, both Muslim and Christian pilgrims have come to commemorate the feast day of Our Lady of Saidnaya.
The monastery was damaged during the Syrian civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="36702065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702065" title="Filipe Chaby">
Filipe Chaby

Carlos Filipe Fonseca Chaby (born 22 January 1994) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal B, as a midfielder.
Club career.
During 2011-12 UEFA Europa League, Chaby was called up for Sporting's match against FC Zürich alongside his U-19 Sporting fellow João Carlos.

</doc>
<doc id="36702073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702073" title="Hamad Al Harbi">
Hamad Al Harbi

Hamad Al Harbi is a Kuwaiti football Forward who played for Kuwait in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Salmiyah and Kazma.

</doc>
<doc id="36702075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702075" title="List of foreign Premier League of Belize players">
List of foreign Premier League of Belize players

This is a list of foreign players in the TT Pro League, which began league play in 2002. The following players must meet the following criteria:
More specifically,
Clubs listed are those the player has played at least one Premier League game for. Seasons listed are those the player has played at least one Premier League game in.
In bold: players who have played at least one Premier League game in the current season (), and the clubs they've played for. They include players who have subsequently left the club.

</doc>
<doc id="36702081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702081" title="Kentaro Nakamoto">
Kentaro Nakamoto

Career.
Born in Kikugawa in Japan's Yamaguchi Prefecture (now part of Shimonoseki), he attended Yamaguchi Prefectural City West High School. He began to feature in high level races while attending Takushoku University and ran at the 2005 Hakone Ekiden. After graduation he joined the Yaskawa Electric Corporation and the athletic director there encouraged him to move towards being a marathon specialist. Nakamoto made his debut over that distance in 2008 and came third at the Nobeoka Marathon with a time of 2:13:54 hours and also took second place at that year's Hokkaido Marathon.
Nakamoto set a half marathon best of 1:02:29 hours at the Kagawa Marugame Half Marathon in 2009, He knocked one second off his marathon best with a top ten finish at the Tokyo Marathon in March. He went under that time twice in his two marathon outings in 2010, running 2:11:42 at the Beppu-Ōita Marathon and 2:12:38 at the Amsterdam Marathon.
He broke the 2:10 barrier at the 2011 Lake Biwa Marathon, having his best finish yet with a run of 2:09:31 for fourth. As one of the leading Japanese men that season, he was selected for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu. In his first international appearance for Japan he performed well and took tenth place in the World Championship Marathon. He was Asia's second fastest performer, after his team mate Hiroyuki Horibata, with whom he secured the team silver medals in the 2011 World Marathon Cup. That year he also ran track bests of 14:04.31 minutes for the 5000 metres and 29:04.24 minutes for the 10,000 metres. A return to the Lake Biwa race in 2012 saw him finish in the same position, but in a personal best of 2:08:53 hours (the second Japanese behind Ryo Yamamoto). This performance earned Nakamoto another international selection and competing for Japan at the 2012 London Olympics he ranked as Asia's best performer in the Men's Olympic marathon, taking sixth place with a run of 2:11:16 hours.
Nakamoto began 2013 with a personal best of 2:08:35 hours at the Beppu-Ōita Marathon, taking the runner-up spot behind Yuki Kawauchi, who broke the course record to win.

</doc>
<doc id="36702084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702084" title="Adrienn Tóth">
Adrienn Tóth

Adrienn Tóth (born 24 November 1990) is an athlete of modern pentathlon for Hungary. She has won several medals at the World and European Championships. Tóth has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702105" title="Bruma (footballer)">
Bruma (footballer)

Armindo Tué Na Bangna (born 24 October 1994), commonly known as Bruma, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Galatasaray SK in the Süper Lig as a winger, skill and speed being his main assets.
Club career.
Sporting.
Born in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau, Bruma moved to Portugal as a child, joining Sporting Clube de Portugal's academy before his 13th birthday. He proceeded to score more than 80 goals for the team's various youth sides.
Bruma made his senior debuts in the 2012–13 season, starting with the B-team in the second division. On 6 December 2012 he netted twice against C.F. União, but was also sent off and his team lost the away game 2–3.
On 10 February 2013, at the age of 18, Bruma made his official debut with the "Lions"' main squad, playing the first half of the 0–1 loss against C.S. Marítimo. He scored his first top level goal the following matchday, netting the opener in a 3–2 win at Gil Vicente FC.
Galatasaray.
On 3 September 2013, after a lengthy and sour contract dispute with Sporting, ultimately resolved in the club's favour, Bruma signed a five-year deal with Turkish giants Galatasaray SK for €10 million. He made his debut ten days later against Antalyaspor, coming on as a substitute in a 1–1 draw.
Bruma made his maiden UEFA Champions League appearance on 17 September 2013, playing roughly 30 minutes in a 1–6 home loss to Real Madrid for the group stage. He made his first assist for his new club in a local derby against Beşiktaş JK, in a 2–1 away victory, and scored his first goal against Balıkesirspor on 18 December, in a 4–0 win for the campaign's Turkish Cup.
On 15 January 2014, also in the domestic cup but against Tokatspor, Bruma suffered a serious knee injury, going on to be sidelined for most of the season.
International career.
Still aged 18, Bruma was part of the Portuguese under-20 side that competed in the 2013 FIFA World Cup in Turkey. He was awarded the "Silver Shoe" as second top scorer of the tournament, scoring five times in four games in an eventual round-of-16 exit.
Bruma played his first game for the under-21s on 10 October 2013, 14 days shy of his 19th birthday, and he netted the second from a close-range header in an eventual 3–0 home win against Israel for the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifiers. Just two days later he was called by full side manager Paulo Bento, replacing suspended Cristiano Ronaldo for the last 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Luxembourg.
Personal.
Bruma's older brother, Mesca, is also a footballer and a winger. He too played youth football for Sporting, also spending his formative years at Chelsea and Fulham.

</doc>
<doc id="36702107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702107" title="Merry Go Round (Royce da 5'9&quot; song)">
Merry Go Round (Royce da 5'9&quot; song)

"Merry Go Round" is a song by American hip hop artist Royce da 5'9", recorded as the third track on his fifth studio album "Success Is Certain" (2011). It features production from producer Nottz, who helped write the song along with Royce . Upon the release of "Merry Go Round", the song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who praised its ambitious nature and production.
Background and composition.
"Merry Go Round" was written by Royce da 5'9" and Nottz. It samples the music heavily and some lyrics from ABBA's "Merry Go Round"
Along with most of the songs from "Success Is Certain", "Merry Go Round" was recorded throughout the period in between 2010-2011 in Detroit, Michigan.
Other.
This song was removed from iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="36702111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702111" title="Paulo Roberto Paula">
Paulo Roberto Paula

Paulo Roberto de Almeida Paula (born 8 July 1979 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian long-distance runner who competes in marathon races. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in eighth place. He is a member of the Cruzeiro Sport Club.
He began competing nationally in his teenage years. He was runner-up over 10,000 metres at the 1998 Brazilian Junior Championships with a run of 30:42.94 minutes. He began to progress in the senior ranks of the event in 2002, finishing fourth at the Brazilian Athletics Championships with a run of 28:58.03 minutes. However, he did not compete frequently at the top level over the following years.
He moved up to the half marathon distance and in 2007 he was runner-up at the São Paulo Half Marathon with a time of 64:29 minutes. He repeated that feat in both 2008 and 2009 and improved his best time to 64:26 minutes over the period. His marathon debut followed in 2011 with a run at the Amsterdam Marathon, where his finishing time of 2:13:15 hours was enough for 17th place. Two better performances in 2012 (2:11:51 at the Barcelona Marathon, then 2:10:23 for third at the Maratona di Sant'Antonio) saw him chosen for the Brazilian team for the 2012 London Olympics.
At the start of 2013 he dropped out of the Lake Biwa Marathon, but he showed a resurgence of form by wining the Maratona di Sant'Antonio in Italy – his first international victory.

</doc>
<doc id="36702114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702114" title="Oleksandr Sitkovskyy">
Oleksandr Sitkovskyy

Oleksandr Sitkovskyy () is a Ukrainian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 12th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702121" title="Aleksey Reunkov">
Aleksey Reunkov

Aleksey Reunkov is a Russian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 14th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702123" title="Wirimai Juwawo">
Wirimai Juwawo

Wirimai Juwawo is a Zimbabwean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 15th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702127" title="Rachid Kisri">
Rachid Kisri

Rachid Kisri is a Moroccan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 18th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702131" title="Iuri Medeiros">
Iuri Medeiros

Iuri José Picanço Medeiros (born 10 July 1994) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal B, as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36702134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702134" title="Raúl Pacheco">
Raúl Pacheco

Raúl Pacheco is a Peruvian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 21st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702139" title="Marius Ionescu">
Marius Ionescu

Marius Viorel Ionescu (born December 18, 1984) is a Romanian long-distance runner.
Biography.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 26th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702142" title="Vitaliy Shafar">
Vitaliy Shafar

Vitaliy Shafar is a Ukrainian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 29th place. He finished 4th in the 2014 Boston Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36702148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702148" title="Lee Du-haeng">
Lee Du-haeng

Lee Du-Haeng is a South Korean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 32nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702157" title="José Carlos Hernández">
José Carlos Hernández

José Carlos Hernández is a Spanish long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 34th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702164" title="Miguel Barzola">
Miguel Barzola

Miguel Barzola is an Argentine long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 35th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702167" title="Mattias Zachrisson">
Mattias Zachrisson

Mattias Zakrisson (born 22 August 1990) is a Swedish handball player, who competes for Füchse Berlin and the national team. He has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Sweden has got to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702187" title="Daniel Vargas">
Daniel Vargas

Daniel Vargas is a Mexican long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 39th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702190" title="Ryo Yamamoto">
Ryo Yamamoto


</doc>
<doc id="36702191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702191" title="Kári Steinn Karlsson">
Kári Steinn Karlsson

Kári Steinn Karlsson (born 19 May 1986) is an Icelandic long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the men's marathon, finishing in 42nd place.
Kári went to University of California Berkeley. Since Kári got injured when he ran on the hard concrete of Berkeley, he chose to return home to Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="36702193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702193" title="Samuel Honrubia">
Samuel Honrubia

Samuel Honrubia (born 5 July 1986) is a French handball player, who competes as left wing for Paris Handball and the French national team. His earlier club was Montpellier, and he has competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where France won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36702194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702194" title="Miguel Ángel Almachi">
Miguel Ángel Almachi

Miguel Ángel Almachi Cóndor is an Ecuadorian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 50th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702208" title="Athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metres hurdles

The Men's 400 metres hurdles competition at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia took place on November 23–24 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
Competition format.
The men's 400m hurdles competition started with six heats, where the fastest two from each heat qualified to one of the two semifinals groups. The three fastest runners from each semifinals group advanced to the final.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Heats.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
Group 1
Group 2

</doc>
<doc id="36702215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702215" title="Concerto Teatro Uomo">
Concerto Teatro Uomo

Concerto Teatro Uomo is a live album by Italian Jazz fusion band Area released in 1996 and recorded in 1977 in Milan, while the band was supporting their fifth album "Maledetti (Maudits)". The album was criticized for its sound quality (it was not professionally recorded, unlike their 1975 live album "Are(A)zione") and for some packaging errors (the CD split between "Evaporazione" and "Arbeit Macht Frei" is wrong, there is an uncredited performance of "Diforisma Urbano" on "Il Massacro Di Brandeburgo Numero Tre in Sol Maggiore", "Improvvisazione" is actually "Are(a)zione" and the cover credits Paul Lytton and Steve Lacy, actually absent in the recording ), but was also praised for its musical content (including extended improvisations) and for Demetrio Stratos' useful information about the tracks during banter between songs. In 2002 this album was repackaged with another posthumous live album "Parigi-Lisbona" in the boxset "Live Concerts Box".

</doc>
<doc id="36702216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702216" title="Tobias Figueiredo">
Tobias Figueiredo

Tobias Pereira Figueiredo (born 2 February 1994 in Sátão, Viseu) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for CF Reus Deportiu on loan from Sporting Clube de Portugal as a central defender. 
His older brother, Cristiano, is also a footballer. He played his youth football with S.C. Braga.

</doc>
<doc id="36702225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702225" title="Kim Kwang-hyok (athlete)">
Kim Kwang-hyok (athlete)

Kim Kwang-Hyok (born January 22, 1988) is a North Korean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 53rd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702230" title="P. Balachandran">
P. Balachandran

P. Balachandran (born 2 February 1952, in Sasthamkotta, Kerala), is a Malayalam writer, playwright, scenarist, and director. He is best known for the play "Paavam Usman" for which won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award and Kerala Professional Nataka Award in the year 1989. He has scripted many films including "Punaradhivasam", "Ulladakkam" and "Pavithram". His directorial debut is "Ivan Megharoopan". He has also acted in a few films, the most notable being "Trivandrum Lodge".
Personal life.
He is born to Padmanabha Pillai and Saraswati Bhai born on 2 February 1952, in Sasthamkotta, Kerala. He is married to Sreelatha and the couple have two children, Sreekanth, Parvathy.

</doc>
<doc id="36702245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702245" title="Posiva">
Posiva

Posiva Oy is a Finnish company with headquarters in the municipality of Eurajoki, Finland. It was founded in 1995 by Teollisuuden Voima (60% of stock) and Fortum (40% of stock), two Finnish nuclear plant operators, for researching and creating a method of final disposal of spent nuclear fuel from their plants.
For this purpose, Posiva is currently constructing the Onkalo spent nuclear fuel repository, the world's first deep geological repository, at the Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant site.

</doc>
<doc id="36702249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702249" title="Camp, County Kerry">
Camp, County Kerry

Camp (Irish: "An Cam") is a small village located near the Slieve Mish Mountains in County Kerry, Ireland, close to the west coast. It is in close proximity to the Dingle Way and is a destination for holiday makers. The village has been associated with the Milesians legend, thus the first possible recorded history from the area dates to around 1700 BC. Local rail transport used to include the route along the Tralee and Dingle Light Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="36702251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702251" title="Manikkodi">
Manikkodi

Manikkodi was a Tamil literary weekly that was published from 1932 to 1939. Founded by Stalin Srinivasan, V. Ramaswami and T. S. Chockalingam, the magazine was noted for its expertly-written articles and gave birth to the Manikkodi Literary Movement. The magazine launched the careers of newcomers like C. S. Chellappa, Puthumaipithan, and Chitti who have earned acclaim as literary greats.

</doc>
<doc id="36702261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702261" title="Pedro Mora">
Pedro Mora

Pedro Mora is a Venezuelan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 62nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702265" title="Jeff Hunt (athlete)">
Jeff Hunt (athlete)

Jeff Hunt is an Australian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 63rd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702266" title="Stsiapan Rahautsou">
Stsiapan Rahautsou

Stsiapan Rahautsou is a Belarusian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 64th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702268" title="César Lizano">
César Lizano

César Lizano is a Costa Rican long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 65th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702272" title="Jan Kreisinger">
Jan Kreisinger

Jan Kreisinger (; born 6 September 1984 in Žatec) is a Czech long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 67th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702273" title="Northern Province (Victoria)">
Northern Province (Victoria)

Northern Province was a former electorate of the Victorian Legislative Council (Australia),
It was initially created by the Legislative Council Act 1881 (taking effect at the 1882 elections) and defined as having the following divisions: Echuca Shire, Echuca Borough, Marong, Raywood, Huntly, Waranga, Sandhurst (North), Sandhurst Central, Sandhurst South and Eaglehawk. Northern Province was created out of parts of North Western Province (which was resized) and Eastern Province, which was abolished.
1904.
Northern Province was redefined in the Electoral Provinces Boundaries Act 1903 and consisted of the following: 
Northern Province and North Central provinces were split off from North Western in 1882.
Northern Province was abolished on 4 May 1979.
Members for Northern Province.
Three members were elected to the province initially; four from the expansion of the Council in 1889; 
two from the redistribution of 1904 when several new provinces including Bendigo and Melbourne North were created.

</doc>
<doc id="36702278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702278" title="Jussi Utriainen">
Jussi Utriainen

Jussi Pekka Utriainen is a Finnish long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 69th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702279" title="Wissem Hosni">
Wissem Hosni

Wissem Hosni is a Tunisian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 71st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702282" title="Jang Sin-kweon">
Jang Sin-kweon

Sinkweon Jang is a South Korean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 73rd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702290" title="Jean Pierre Mvuyekure">
Jean Pierre Mvuyekure

Jean Pierre Mvuyekure is a Rwandan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 79th place. He placed third at the Pyongyang Marathon in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36702295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702295" title="Abraham Kiprotich">
Abraham Kiprotich

Abraham Kiprotich (born 17 August 1985) is a French long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon but did not finish.
Born in Kenya's Nandi North County, when Kiprotich was just two years old his older brother, Paul Kipkoech, won the gold medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics. Kipkoech died before Kiprotich had even reached his teenage years. Kiprotich started out as a track runner and in 2005 he set personal bests of 8:03.25 minutes for the 3000 metres, 13:59.63 minutes for the 5000 metres, as well as a road best of 29:43 minutes for the 10K run. He took up the 3000 metres steeplechase and gradually improved over the following years to achieve a personal best of 8:36.00 minutes in 2008. That year he also won the 10km de Clermont Ferrand in a personal best time of 28:41 minutes. Another best time of 28:29 minutes came in winning the 10km event at the Lille Half Marathon.
Kiprotich began running longer distances in 2010 and finished in the top eight at the Boulogne-Billancourt Half Marathon and the Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale. Having served in the French Foreign Legion and lived in the country for several years, Kiprotich gained French citizenship and began to compete for his adopted nation. He made a career breakthrough at the 2012 Dusseldorf Marathon, running a time of 2:08:35 to finish eight seconds behind the winner and placed third. He was the second ranked French runner after fellow African-born marathoner Patrick Tambwé and was selected for the 2012 Summer Olympics. However, he failed to finish at the Men's Olympic Marathon, as did his compatriots Tambwé and Abdellatif Meftah.
He finished outside the top ten at the 2013 Tiberias Marathon but he topped the podium at the Daegu Marathon on 14 April 2013, beating Boniface Mvubi to win in a personal best of 2:08:33 hours. On 17 November 2013 he won the Istanbul Marathon with a time of 2:12:28.
Doping case.
On 30 December 2013 it was announced that Kiprotich had failed a drug test directly after his Istanbul Marathon win, having returned a positive result for erythropoietin (EPO) in a urine sample. As a consequence, he faces a two year ban from the sport. The leading French sports journal l'Equipe reported that this adverse finding, which related to his 'A' sample, surprised no-one, and would confirm - if the 'B' sample also proved positive - a suspicion in French athletic circles that Kiprotich was the athlete referred to on 17 April 2013 at a French senatorial anti-doping enquiry, when the president and technical director of the Fédération Française d'Athlétisme both noted that a French marathon runner who had won in Daegu had competed while subject to a two-week suspension for breaches of their medical surveillance regime.

</doc>
<doc id="36702301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702301" title="Patrick Tambwé">
Patrick Tambwé

Patrick Tambwé (born 5 May 1975 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese-born French long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, but did not finish.
He twice represented the Democratic Republic of Congo in the marathon at the World Championships in Athletics, but failed to finish on either occasion. He is the DR Congo national record holder in nine events, including the half marathon, marathon and 5000 metres. He gained French citizenship in 2011 and was the marathon gold medallist at the 2011 Military World Games.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Kinshasa, he made two international appearances for his native country at the World Championships in Athletics, running the marathons in 1997 and 1999, although he failed to finish in either race. He broke four DR Congo national records on the track in the 2001 season, recording 1:50.39 minutes for the 800 metres, 3:42.02 minutes for the 1500 metres, and 13:49.69 minutes for the 5000 metres flat, as well as 8:41.92 minutes for the 3000 metres steeplechase. He won the Le Havre marathon that year in a time of 2:16:25 hours. A 3000 metres flat national record of 7:57.52 minutes came in June 2002. For that year onwards he began to focus more on road running events, principally in France. He made four appearances in the marathon in 2002, coming 20th at the Paris Marathon, fifth at the Reims Marathon, and gaining victories in Cancale and Caen.
French Foreign Legion.
Tambwé set a half marathon national record of 63:06 minutes at the Clichy sur Seine Half Marathon – that year he signed up with the French Foreign Legion, joining the 40eRA Suippes regiment. He was allowed to continue with his running and in 2004 he was fourth at the Humarathon half, won the French half marathon title, set a DR Congo record of 2:08:55 hours to win the Mont St. Michel Marathon, then ran 2:10:11 hours for fourth at the high profile New York City Marathon. He clocked a 20 km road national record of 58:53 minutes en route to a sixth place finish at the 2005 Paris Marathon. The next year he managed only twentieth place at that race, but had a personal best and national record of 29:02 minutes in the 10K run in Marseille. He represented his club, Lille Métropole Athlétisme, at the European Champion Clubs Cup Cross Country and made three outings in the marathon, winning the Guldensporen Marathon, coming fourth in 2:15:29 at the Brussels Marathon and seventh at the Singapore Marathon (his first Asian race).
His 2008 season was highlighted by a third career win at the Mont St. Michel Marathon and a marathon win in Tahiti. He returned to win again in Tahiti in 2009, but was only eleventh at the Zurich Marathon. His last ever outing for DR Congo was at the 2011 Tiberias Marathon, where he placed second in a time of 2:10:09 (his second fastest at that point). From April 2011 he began running for France, having earned citizenship through the Foreign Legion. He was ninth at the Kuala Lumpur Marathon, but managed to win his first international medal at the 2011 Military World Games, taking the marathon gold medal for France.
2012 Olympic performance.
Keen to earn a spot on the French team for the 2012 Summer Olympics, he entered the Tiberias Marathon for a second year running and this time came out as winner, narrowly beating Francis Kibiwott Larabal and setting a personal best of 2:07:30 hours. This was an "A" standard time and at the age of 37 he made his Olympic debut in the marathon. However, in his third top level performance in the distance, he again failed to finish the race. Nevertheless, his time from the Tiberias Marathon ranked him as Europe's top marathon runner that year.
He struggled to regain his form and failed to finish the Daegu Marathon in 2013, ran 2:21:02 for 19th at the 2014 Hong Kong Marathon, then failed to finish at the Santiago de Chile Marathon in April.

</doc>
<doc id="36702306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702306" title="Tayeb Filali">
Tayeb Filali

Tayeb Filali (born 16 January 1979) is an Algerian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, but did not finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36702310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702310" title="Roman Prodius">
Roman Prodius

Roman Prodius is a Moldovan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, but did not finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36702314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702314" title="Tony Epper">
Tony Epper

John Anthony "Tony" Epper (October 1, 1938 – July 20, 2012) was an American actor and stuntman. He was a member of the Epper family, whose members work as actors and stunt performers. Members include his sister, stuntwoman Jeannie Epper, and his late brothers, Gary Epper and Andy Epper.
Epper, the son of stuntman John Epper, was born in Los Angeles, California. He began his stunt and acting career in the 1950s, performing as an uncredited actor in "Ma and Pa Kettle at Home" in 1954, "Carbine Williams" in 1952, and "The Story of Will Rogers" in 1952.
Epper alternated between stunt working and acting roles throughout his career. His stunt credits included "Bram Stoker's Dracula", "Con Air", "Thelma & Louise", "Jingle All the Way", "Lethal Weapon 2", and "Patriot Games". In addition to stunt work, Epper acted in numerous films including "The Cowboys", "Dick Tracy", "The Beastmaster", "Valdez Is Coming", "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation", "The Scalphunters", "Cutter's Way", and "The Hitcher".
Epper's television work began in 1958 when he appeared in an episode of the sitcom "Bachelor Father". He appeared in more than a dozen television series, including "Batman", "Charlie's Angels", "MacGyver", and The A-Team. His last television role occurred in 1996, when he portrayed an inebriated Klingon in an episode of "".
Epper died from cancer at his Idaho home on July 20, 2012, at the age of 73. He was survived by his wife, Donna; two sons, actor Danny Epper and Roger Epper; two step-daughters; and his sister, Jeannie Epper.

</doc>
<doc id="36702318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702318" title="Illés Relief">
Illés Relief

Illés Relief is a scale model of the holy city of Jerusalem. The model is made from molten and beaten zinc and is hand-painted. It was hand-crafted between 1864 and 1873 by Stephen Illés, a Hungarian Catholic who lived in the city making a living from book binding. The scale model reflects the city under the later stages of Ottoman rule. The model is considered the first scientific relief model of the city.
After being displayed at the 1873 World's Fair, the model was displayed around Europe and was purchased in 1878 by community leaders in Geneva where it was displayed for 40 years. In 1920 the building in which the model was housed was leased by the League of Nations. The model was moved and soon forgotten. In 1985, then graduate student Moti Yair of the Hebrew University came across a reference to it and tried to track down its location. With the help of some friends and a librarian from the Library of Geneva, the model was located in the library attic. Shortly afterwards it was decided to offer the model to Jerusalem on permanent loan. It is currently on exhibition at the Tower of David Museum in Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="36702325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702325" title="Jeong Jin-hyeok">
Jeong Jin-hyeok

Jeong Jin-hyeok (born June 1, 1991) is a South Korean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 82nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36702333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702333" title="Jobo Khatoane">
Jobo Khatoane

Jobo Khatoane (born June 30, 1991) is a Lesotho long-distance runner.

</doc>
<doc id="36702342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702342" title="Maher Abd al-Rashid">
Maher Abd al-Rashid

Maher Abd al-Rashid (Arabic: ) was a General of the Iraqi army and a member of the Al-Bu Nasir tribe. Rashid rose to prominence during the Iran-Iraq war, and was regarded as one of Saddam's best generals, serving as Chief-of-Staff of the Iraqi after being brought out of a retirement that he had been forced into in 1983. Rashid also played a prominent role in helping Iraq to regain her initiative during the war. Not all assessments of Rashid were so kind, and Ra'ad al-Hamdani refers to him as "one of the dumbest generals in the army".
Iran–Iraq War.
High Iraqi losses during the conflict nearly led to a mutiny led by Rashid, father-in-law of Hussein's second son. Rashid began by public criticizing Saddam Hussein, and claimed that many of Iraq's casualties were caused by Saddam's meddling into military affairs. Saddam ordered him back to Baghdad due to both his public criticism and his failure to remove the Iranians from the al-Faw peninsula. Aware that an order to return to Baghdad was probably a death sentence for Rashid, his officers warned Saddam that if anything were to happen to Rashid they would mutiny. This confrontation with the military led to the greater independence of military planning from Ba'athist-leadership interference. Shortly afterwards, the Iraqi Air Force once again established air superiority. These changes in organisation led to Hussein focusing most of his energy on Iraqi Kurdistan, which had revolted.
Despite this, Rashid was placed under house arrest following the end of the Iran-Iraq war in an effort to reduce the power of Generals who had become influential during the war years in order to prevent any possible coup attempts from forming.
1991 Uprisings.
Following the Gulf War Iraq experienced a wave of uprisings and Saddam called on Rashid to help put down the uprising against the Ba'athist government.
Iraq War & Aftermath.
Rashid was given command by Saddam over the Iraqi Armed Forces's Southern Command in the run up to the 2003 Invasion of Iraq. Saddam also appointed him a the General Supervisor for the Iraqi Army's 3rd, 4th, and 7th Corps. After the fall of the Iraqi government Rashid disappeared, before being arrested in July 2003 in Tikrit. He spent the next five years in prison.
During his time in prison several of his relatives were either killed or kidnapped. His son Ali Maher Abdul Rashid was killed on 23 July 2003 in a firefight with US Forces. Another son, Abdullah Maher Abdul Rashid, and Rashids newphew, Marwan Taher Abdul Rashid, were arrested in Tikrit on 8 March 2005 following a tip off from residents. Rashid was believed to have received large sums of money from his former son-in-law Qusay Hussein which were being used to fund the insurgency.
Following Rashid's release in 2008 Rashid returned to Tikrit, and lived in some desert land owned by the city of Tikrit.
Death.
Rashid died on 29 June 2014 in hospital in the city of Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan, two months after having suffered a stroke. Rashid had also been suffering from a long standing illness. He was survived by his family, including his two grandsons, Yahya Qusay Saddam al-Tikriti and Yaqub Qusay Saddam al-Tikriti; who were also the surviving children of Qusay Hussein.
Personal life.
Rashid was a Sunni Muslim from Tikrit, and was both a close friend of Saddam Hussein and also a member of the same tribe; the Al-Bu Nasir tribe. In 1985 his daughter, Sahar, married Saddam Hussein's son Qusay. Rashid had promised to liberate the al-Fao peninsula in the Iran-Iraq war and had offered his daughter to Saddam's son Qusay to show his certainty. They had three children but later divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="36702370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702370" title="Mosque of Idlib Sermin">
Mosque of Idlib Sermin

The Mosque of Idlib Sermin is a mosque located in Syria. It was damaged during the Syrian civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="36702373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702373" title="Lilydale Airport">
Lilydale Airport

Lilydale Airport is a privately owned aerodrome located in the Melbourne suburb of Lilydale Victoria, Australia. It caters to private and recreational pilots, and offers flight training, air charters and aircraft rentals.

</doc>
<doc id="36702379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702379" title="Shooting High">
Shooting High

Shooting High is a 1940 American Western film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Jane Withers, Gene Autry, and Marjorie Weaver. Written by Lou Breslow and Owen Francis, the film is about a generations-old old feud between two families that is resurrected when the town banker tries to contrsuct a highway through the area bearing a monument to the frontiersman ancestor of one of the families. "Shooting High" was Gene Autry's first film away from Republic Pictures, his first as a mere co-star, his first without the comic presence of Smiley Burnette since 1934, and his first playing a character other than himself.
Plot.
The Carsons and the Pritchards have been feuding in the town of Carson's Corners for generations. The budding romance between Will Carson (Gene Autry) and Marjorie Pritchard (Marjorie Weaver) is now being threatened by the long-standing feud. Margorie's father, Calvin Pritchard (Frank M. Thomas), is the bank president and mayor of Carson's Corners. Calvin pretends to support Will's courtship of his daughter because he needs to acquire a piece of Carson property for a proposed highway through the area. When Will learns of Calvin's true motives, he accuses Marjorie of scheming with her father to steal Carson land. 
The long simmering feud between the Carsons and the Pritchards erupts over Will's accusation. Just as the families renew their bickering, Gabby Cross (Jack Carson), a publicity agent for Spectrum Pictures, arrives in town and offers the townspeople $20,000 to use Carson's Corners as a filming location for a movie he is making about Wild Bill Carson, Will's grandfather and the founder of Carson Corners. Still angered by Will's undermining his highway plan, Calvin refuses Gabby's offer. His youngest daughter, Jane (Jane Withers), suggests a compromise that would allow Spectrum Pictures to use the town as a filming location if the highway proposal were approved by the Carsons.
With all parties agreeing to the proposal, the movie company arrives in town and begins production. The star of the film, Bob Merritt (Robert Lowery), begins to court Marjorie. Wanting her sister to marry Will, Jane and the sheriff devise a plan to frighten Merritt out of town, telling him a lynch party is after him. After Merritt leaves town, the head of Spectrum Pictures threatens to sue Pritchard for the defection. Gabby suggests giving the part to Will, who agrees on the condition that Pritchard extend the Carson mortgages.
While the movie is being filmed, three gangsters arrive in town. During a bank hold-up scene, the three gangsters put on actors' costumes and steal the money from the bank. Learning of the theft, Will pursues the gangsters on horseback, catches them, and brings them back to Carson Corners with the money. Will's heroic actions wins the respect of the Pritchards, as well as Margorie's respect and hand in marriage.
Production.
Background.
The person responsible for bringing Gene Autry to 20th Century Fox for "Shooting High" was Jane Withers, at the time the number 6 box office draw in the country. The thirteen-year-old movie star called Joseph Schenck, then head of 20th Century Fox, directly telling him she wanted to do a film with Gene Autry. Schenck liked the idea, but suspected Republic Pictures would never load out the singing cowboy to another studio. Withers then called the head of Republic Pictures, Herbert Yates:
Filming.
"Shooting High" was filmed November 18 to December 16, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="36702416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702416" title="Gogo Station">
Gogo Station

Gogo or Gogo Station and sometimes referred to as Margaret Downs is a pastoral lease that has operated as a cattle station. It is located about south of Fitzroy Crossing and north east of Yungngora in the Kimberley region of Western Australia,
The area was first explored by Alexander Forrest in 1879, who gave enthusiastic reports of the well grassed and watered country that would be suitable for grazing lands. Among those to take up leases were the Durack and the Emanuel families who together calimed over one million acres along the Fitzroy River in the West Kimberley and a similar amount along the Ord River in the East Kimberley. After an expedition to the area the Duracks decided to take up the lands along the Ord and the Emanuels took the area along the Fitzroy.
The station was established in 1885, and in 1902 occupied and area of . The country is on the flood-plain of the Fitzroy River and is well covered in Mitchell and Flinders grass with large areas of spinifex.
A large number of cattle was lost on Gogo and on Fossil Downs Station in 1906 following an extended dry spell. Other neighbouring stations lost several hundred cattle each.
By 1910 the station had an estimated herd of 35,000 cattle and the station manager was being paid an annual salary of £600 a year.
In 1911 the station was being managed by George Piper and was owned by the Emanuel Bros., who also owned Noonkanbah Station located further to the south east.
Following the advent of the revision of the Land Act limiting holdings up to one million acres, several of the properties of the Emanuels had to be disposed of. Gogo was dissolved into three separate properties; Margaret Downs (also known as Gogo), Cherrabun and Christmas Creek, and these together with Meda Station are still held by the descendents of the original partners.
Moola Bulla Station bought 50 bulls from Gogo to improve their herd in June 1912.
A stockman died at the station in 1913 when he was thrown from his horse. The man, Frank Odman, did not regain consciousness after the accident and died the following day.
By 1917 the station had a herd of 50,000 cattle and was regarded as one of the "best run stations in the Kimberley".
The current homestead was built in 1918 of concrete blocks on a concrete floor, it is situated adjacent to several nearby caves that were had carved in the 1940s.
Cattle tick reached the property in 1918-19, probably transferred from Louisa Downs Station where the stock had been infected in 1916-17. It affected the herd so severely that branding at Gogo was reduced from 12,000 the previous year to 4,800 in 1918.
Put up for auction in 1920 the station along with its neighbour, Noonkanbah Station. Gogo was advertised as having an area of on one compact block equipped with of fencing. The property is described as being abundantly watered by the Fitzroy River, Margaret River, Christmas Creek and various other creeks, but still having several bores with windmills and troughing. The total stock on the property was 60,000 shorthorn cattle along with 400 horses, 50 mules and 44 donkeys. The average rainfall at the station since 1894 is advertised as per annum. The station was not sold as the Emanuels still owned the station in 1923.
A new station manager, Ted Millard, arrived in 1921. By this stage the frontage pastures along the river and waterholes had become degraded as a result of overgrazing for the last 30 years. Over the entire property the only fenced areas were two horse paddocks and some branding yards, stock were left to graze on the open range. During the 1920s Millard had ten wells sunk and equipped in the back country so stock could make use of the feed in the area and give relief to the over grazed areas. Millard also started fencing paddocks to control stock movement with over of fences being installed in seven years. Shorthorn bulls were slowly introduced into the herd to breed out white skinned beasts that were unsuitable to the tropical climate. Millard remained on the property for 30 years eventually managing all of the Emanuels properties; Gogo, Cherrabun, Meda and Christmas Creek. He was also noted for taking good care of his Aboriginal workers.
The herd size was estimated at 90,000 in 1928 and Gogo was the biggest station in Western Australia.
The station delivered 394 cattle and 39 bales of wool in 1929 to the port of Derby to be loaded aboard the "Minderoo" and steamed to Fremantle. 
In 1930 gas was struck in a water-bore that was drilled at the station. The Freney Oil company held concessions for the area. The well had sunk to a depth of and the presence of gas was confirmed by the station manager, Mr Millard.
Over 500 cattle were shipped from the station in 1932 aboard the "Centaur" from the port in Derby. A further 883 bullocks were shipped on the "Minderoo" to Port Hedland in 1935 then another 454 were shipped in 1936 also aborad the "Centaur" and bound for Carnarvon. A shipment of 526 cattle were shipped from Gogo in 1937 aboard the "Centaur", with another 422 sent in 1938 aboard the "Charon" and 450 sent from Derby aboard the "Gordon" bound for Fremantle.
During an influenza epidemic in the Kimberleys in 1934, 12 Aborigines died from the disease on Gogo out of the 129 fatalities overall.
In 1947 Gogo shipped 2,580 cattle from Derby out of 6,760 that were sent from all the stations in the surrounding area, in 1948 450 bullocks were shipped aboard the "Gorgon".
During the wet season in 1949, six Aborigines were struck by lightning during a tropical storm. They were all severely burnt and one as still unconscious the next day when they were taken to Fitzroy Crossing hospital.
In a report made to the Commonwealth Government in 1950 by the Department of Agriculture it was found that in a survey performed by a Mr. Poggendorff that of Gogo would be suitable for rice cultivation, despite the fact that previous experimental plots had failed in the Kimberley in 1948.
The Emanuels continued to improve the herd by purchasing poll shorthorn bulls from the Melara stud including Melara Formidable (6) and Melara Royal Rebel (4) in 1950.
The area was struck by drought between 1951 and 1953 with the number of cattle being reduced by half. This was the first drought suffered by pastoralists in 70 years with many hurriedly sinking bores and buying feed to keep their stock alive. Other nearby properties that were affected in Noonkanbah, Liveringa, Quandan, Cherrabun, Glenroy, Fossil Downs, Luiluigui, Christmas Creek and Bohemia Downs Station.
In 1985 an area of was exised from the property to form the Aboriginal community of Yakanarra which is home to about 150 Indigenous Australians.
In 2010 the station was owned by the New South Wales based Harris family. A trial for wet season cropping on a large scale was conducted in 2010 with of sorghum being planted. The crop in turn will be used to fatten the cattle prior to export.
Thousands of hectares at Gogo were burnt out in 2011 when a fire was deliberately lit at the Muludja Community near Fitzroy Crossing. A local man started the fire after an argument and was affected by alcohol, he was later arrested and charged with arson following a tip-off from the public.

</doc>
<doc id="36702440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702440" title="Newtown Pery, Limerick">
Newtown Pery, Limerick

Newtown Pery is an area of central Limerick, Ireland and forms the main CBD of the city. The district is known for its Georgian architectural heritage and is the core area of Limerick's Georgian Quarter. It is one of the three towns that make up modern-day Limerick City Centre, the other two being the older "Englishtown & Irishtown" which date from the medieval period. Newtown Pery houses the largest collection of Georgian townhouses in Ireland outside of Dublin. In 1837, Samuel Lewis in his "Topographical Dictionary of Ireland" described Newtown Pery as ‘one of the handsomest towns in Ireland’.
History.
Prior to the development of Newtown Pery, the historical City of Limerick was situated just north of the present day city centre, stretching from King John's Castle towards where St. John's Cathedral is today. The city was made up of two distinct towns; Englishtown (populated by Old English settlers) located on the historical island city and Irishtown (populated by natives) located on the southern bank of the Abbey River. The two towns were connected by one bridge "Baal's Bridge" over the Abbey River, while "Thomond Bridge" beside King John's Castle was a major crossing point of the River Shannon from "Englishtown" into modern-day County Clare. As with most city's of this time, Limerick was heavily fortified & walled & the streets were characteristically narrow, winding & cramped. Prior to the construction of Newtown Pery, Limerick was also beginning to exhibit some early Georgian styles within the old city. Examples surviving today include; the "Old Bishop's Palace" at "Castle Street" & at "John's Square" (Limerick's first example of fashionable architecture and civic spaces). Early photographs of the old city areas also show the old (pre-Georgian) continental & Dutch gabled styled townhouses as being altered somewhat to appear more Georgian. Very few of these survive today.
Originally the land south of the medieval city that was to become Newtown Pery was owned by the Franciscans and known as "South Priors Land", however following the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII this land was granted to Edmund Sexton of whom Edmund Sexton Pery was a descendant and on whom much of Georgian Limerick is credited.
Following the turbulent years of the 17th century, Limerick began to prosper in the 18th century and was completely transformed into the city it is today. Easy access from most parts of Ireland facilitated by the River Shannon & the opening of canals enabled Limerick to become the main port city on the western side of Ireland, which in turn brought much prosperity to the city and to its merchants and landowners with trade between Britain and America. The development of Newtown Pery can be attributed to the work of Edmund Sexton Pery, 1st Viscount Limerick and his plan for the development of a new city on lands he owned to the south of the existing medieval city. In 1769, he commissioned the Irish engineer Christopher Colles to design a town plan on his estate which has since become known as "Newtown Pery". Colles devised an impressive plan for the Pery Estate which divided the estate into a grid plan of equal rectangular plots & length and of a distinctive architectural unity which still defines the city centre to this day. The town was built in stages as Pery sold off leases to builders and developers who built 4 and 5 story townhouses in the Georgian fashion with long wide and elegant streets in grid plan design with O'Connell Street (originally known as George's street) as its centre, which was mostly in accordance with Colles' plan. The earliest houses are located along Bank Place, Rutland Street, Patrick Street which were built by the Arthur family - a prominent Limerick family during the 18th century. Some of the finest examples of Georgian Architecture can be seen at the Crescent area and Pery Square. The Custom's House (Hunt Museum), designed by Italian architect Davis Ducart is also one of the city's finest examples of Georgian Architecture. 
By the turn of the 19th Century; Newtown Pery was rapidly growing as most fashionable area of the city; however the only crossing point on the Shannon remained at "Thomond Bridge" next to "King John's Castle" located in the old and now less fashionable "Englishtown" district. In 1835, a new and second bridge was built over the Shannon forming another major river crossing connecting the west directly with Newtown Pery. The bridge - "Sarsfield Bridge" (Originally "Wellesley Bridge") cemented Newtown Pery's position as Limerick's premier urban district as connections to the area improved. The 5 arch bridge was designed by the Scottish engineer Alexander Nimmo and based on the Pont de Neuilly in Paris.
Details.
From its development Newtown Pery has served as Limerick's CBD. It is also the city's main retail district which is centered on O'Connell Street, William Street and the adjoining streets. In addition to the quality of the Georgian heritage in the district, another striking feature of the development is the grid plan layout of the streets in the area running north/south and east/west in similar fashion and design as found in New York, Philadelphia, Glasgow, Bristol & Berlin albeit on a smaller scale. This distinguishes Limerick's Georgian stock to the other major Irish Georgian development in Dublin, as Limerick's terraces are more uniform. This is due to the fact that the Pery owned all the land that was developed and it enabled a single development plan.
Limerick continued to expand following the Act of Union and into the early 19th Century, however, Pery's plan for the city was never fully realised. It was intended that the city would continue further southwards however a crippling economic decline in Ireland caused by the Great Irish Famine put an end to the development. The terrace at Pery Square was the last development of the great Georgian expansion of Limerick. The terrace itself was intended to be part of a Georgian square enclosing the People's Park, similar to Fitzwilliam Square or Mountjoy Square in Dublin however the plans were never realised as the development coincided with the beginning of the Famine. Another distinguishing feature of Georgian Limerick to Georgian Dublin is, Newtown Pery was a completely new "greenfield" development. Limerick's medieval city was left completely intact and remains to this day. Unfortunately, most of the built infrastructure of medieval Limerick did not survive past the mid 20th Century following the clearance of slum living in the city. Some examples survive and the street outlines remain in "Nicholas Street", "Mary Street", "Broad Street", "John Street" & "Mungret Street". Much of Georgian Dublin in contrast however was undertaken by the Wide Streets Commission which almost completely rebuilt Dublin over the older medieval city.
Decline.
Although housing an important collection of Georgian architecture and acting as Limerick's city centre, unfortunately Newtown Pery's position as the one time fashionable area of the city is long over. In addition to this, its Georgian heritage has been severely compromised, in particular around the retail core of "O'Connell Street" & "William street". Economic decline & stagnation plagued Limerick during the 20th Century which saw some townhouses converted to tenements such as at "Arthur's Quay & Bank Place". During this time very little investment was seen in Newtown Pery, only the exodus of families & industries to new suburban districts around the city due to modern requirements. By the mid 20th century dereliction had taken its toll as the townhouses at "Arthur's Quay", "Francis Street" & "Bank Place" were completely lost. Lax development controls enabled the almost complete rebuilding of the northern end of O'Connell Street and replacing what were some iconic and illustrious buildings with more modernist (& perhaps less attractive) sixties style architecture. The loss of "Todd's Department Store" to a fire which gutted the building, the rebuilding of "Cannock's Department Store, Royal George Hotel, AIB Bank" amongst many more, completely altered the look of city and ultimately resulted in a loss of the districts heritage and character. Nevertheless, much of the districts Georgian townhouses remained intact, however many were converted to offices or flats while others remained unoccupied or neglected. However, despite the architectural losses & economic conditions; Newtown Pery remained the premier retail & services district for Limerick and the greater Mid-West Region well up into the late 20th and early 21st Century.
Economic stagnation in Limerick, was only broken by the Celtic Tiger in the late 20th Century. Unfortunately, Newtown Pery, still lagged behind with regards to investment & planning with exception to the riverfront of the Shannon. Suburban areas of Limerick have seen massive investments particularly in retail, which has seen the one time retail core of "O' Connell Street & William street" been eclipsed by massive retail developments in the suburbs. Poor planning & lack of investment has resulted in high vacancy rates & further dereliction which plagues some parts. Amongst the casualties of this poor planning has been the "Patrick Street, Rutland Street & Ellen Street" areas which were all part of the ill fated Opera Centre development. These streets are now almost completely derelict & vacant. Urban depression in Limerick unfortunately is not confined to these areas alone as much of central Limerick is now exhibiting the effects, mainly of heavy suburbanisation but also the effects of economic recession. The area is now a shadow of its former self as more and more businesses & retail facilities leave the city centre for the convenience of the new shopping centres.
Future.
In order to arrest the decline of Limerick's CBD and Newtown Pery in general, both Limerick City Council and national government have introduced schemes to counteract the heavy suburbanisation of the city. Amongst the most eloborate plans is the €250 million "Limerick 2030" plan which will see a complete redevelopment of the "Arthur's Quay" area into a new and modern retailing complex. It will also see the development of a higher education campus to include facilities from LIT, UL, and MIC and a refurbishment of the city's main streets. Another plan is the "Living City Initiative" which provides tax relief for residents who refurbish Georgian houses in designated areas. It also provides tax relief to retailers who carry out works to upgrade or re-fit their shops in the designated Georgian area. Newtown Pery is a testament to Limerick's rich & eventful past and remains one of the most important remnants of Ireland's Georgian Era. It remains to be seen if the above schemes can stop the decline of the city's historic & elegant stock of buildings.
Landmarks.
The following are a list of notable buildings and landmarks in the area:

</doc>
<doc id="36702447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702447" title="Nabacalis">
Nabacalis

Nabacalis is a community on the East Coast of Demerara, in the Demerara-Mahaica region. 
It is in low-lying country by the coast, which is subject to flooding in the rainy season.
The community is served by the Dr. CC Nicholson Hospital, but as of 2012 it was not staffed with doctors around the clock.
The hospital was established as a medical center in 1994 with funds from the London-based Cyril Charles Nicholson Foundation, and the government began to upgrade it in 2003 to give residents of Nabaclis and nearby communities an alternative to going into Georgetown for treatment.
The artist Emerson Samuels was born and brought up here, studying at the Golden Grove Methodist School.

</doc>
<doc id="36702458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702458" title="Priscaenigma">
Priscaenigma

Priscaenigma is an extinct genus of snakefly of the Priscaenigmatidae family which was described by Whalley in 1985. The fossils were found on flatstones at Black Ven in Charmouth, Dorset at in a marine environment. The fossils were collected by J. F. Jackson between 1961 and 1963. Its sister taxa is Hondelagia. The genus contains one species, the extinct Priscaenigma obtusa, also described by Whalley in 1985. Its forewing is in length. Only a forewing was found when the species was discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="36702462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702462" title="Timo Çeçen">
Timo Çeçen

Timo Çeçen (born 17 May 1994 in Wehrda) is a German footballer born to a Turkish father of Chechen descent and a Spanish and Italian mother.
Club career.
Timo Çeçen made his debut for VfB Stuttgart II in the Mercedes-Benz Arena on 4 August 2012 in the 3. Liga in a 2–0 victory against Karlsruher SC.
International career.
On 21 May 2009 Çeçen made his first appearance for the national under-15 team of Germany against the USA. He played for the German national under-17 team in the 2011 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualifying round Group 2 on 17 October 2010 against Bosnia and Herzegovina and on 20 October 2010 against Austria. In the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualification Group 5 Çeçen appeared in the matches on 11 October 2012 against Macedonia and on 16 October 2012 against Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36702488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702488" title="TRX2">
TRX2

TRX2 is a dietary supplement marketed for individuals with hair loss. It is manufactured and sold by Oxford BioLabs in the United Kingdom, marketed in 2011. The company was founded by former scientists of the University of Oxford in 2008.
Etymology.
The name TRX2 is derived from the Ancient Greek word "trichos", meaning hair and the number 2 stands for "second generation".
Formulation.
TRX2 contains amino acids and vitamins. Its ingredients are L-carnitine, L-tartaric acid, potassium chloride, L-leucine, isoleucine, valine, nicotinic acid, and biotin. 
Product description.
Similar to minoxidil, TRX2 works through small proteins called potassium channels. The product is a dietary supplement, not a drug, and hence is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

</doc>
<doc id="36702490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702490" title="Isobar Australia">
Isobar Australia

Isobar Australia (formerly Visual Jazz Isobar) is a digital creative agency originally founded by David Stephenson, Konrad Spilva and Brett White in 2001. Since then Isobar Australia has grown into one of Australia's largest digital creative agencies with offices in Melbourne, Sydney and Canberra.
History.
In 2007 (as Visual Jazz), Isobar Australia was acquired by Mitchells Communications Group, which in turn was purchased by Aegis Media. Following this acquisition, Visual Jazz merged with Isobar (digital marketing agency) to become Visual Jazz Isobar.
In October 2013, as part of Isobar's consolidation of their digital agency network, Visual Jazz Isobar officially became Isobar Australia.
Industry recognition.
In 2011, Isobar Australia (as Visual Jazz Isobar) was named Interactive Agency of the Year by B&T, a finalist in the AdNews agency of the year and ranked number 1 in the AdNews agency ranking in July 2011. In February 2013 Isobar was named 2012's AdNews Digital Agency of the Year In Feb 2014 Isobar was named 2013's AdNews Digital Agency of the Year.
Current clients.
ADF, AFP, Bakers Delight, David Jones, GM Holden, HSBC, Icon Films, JB Hi-Fi, Jetstar, Kraft, La Trobe University, Lend Lease, Medibank, News Ltd, Target, Tourism Northern Territory, Treasury Wine Estates

</doc>
<doc id="36702492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702492" title="Fernando Lumain">
Fernando Lumain

Fernando Lumain is an Indonesian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metres where he finished with a seasonal best time of 10.80 seconds in the preliminaries but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36702499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702499" title="Sarnawan">
Sarnawan

Sarnawan is the title of a Punjabi Serial telecast on Zee Punjabi TV Channel. The 52 episodes serial based on short stories was produced by Pramod Pabbi and Kamlesh Sharma and directed by Ravi Deep. The title song written by Surjit Paatar and composed by Kanwar Iqbal was sung by Brijesh Ahuja [http://www.in.com/brijesh-ahuja/music-312181.html
Stories.
Most of the stories presented in the TV Serial Sarnawan were the works of Punjabi writers. However few stories by Hindi and foreign writers were also adapted for television. some of the stories were adapted for television by Ravi Deep, Navnindra Behl and Kirpal Kazakh. The stories included:
Chod Chanan by Nanak Singh
Atthara Ghoda by Kapur Singh Ghuman
Rabb jhooth Na Bulaye
Saggi Phul
Gadal by Rangeya Raghav
The Invisible Wound by Karoly Kisfaludy
A Retrieved Reformation by O. Henry
External links.
www.in.com/music/artist/brijesh-ahuja-29131-1.html

</doc>
<doc id="36702500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702500" title="Ivan Cavaleiro">
Ivan Cavaleiro

Ivan Ricardo Neves Abreu Cavaleiro (born 18 October 1993) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Vila Franca de Xira, Lisbon District, Cavaleiro played youth football for five clubs, notably representing S.L. Benfica from ages 13–18, a loan spell notwithstanding. He made his senior debuts in the 2012–13 season, playing his first second division match with the reserves on 11 August 2012 against S.C. Braga B. The following weekend he scored his first goal(s) as a professional, grabbing a brace in a 4–2 away win over C.D. Feirense, and added another two before the end of the month, in a 6–0 home routing of C.F. Os Belenenses; he finished his first year with 38 appearances and 12 goals, helping his team to the seventh position.
Cavaleiro started his second season with Benfica B in fashion, netting seven times in ten games and earning the "Second Division Player of the Month" award for August/September. He made his official debut for the main squad on 19 October 2013, playing the full 90 minutes against CD Cinfães for the campaign's Portuguese Cup and assisting Ola John for the game's only goal; only four days later he appeared in his maiden match in the UEFA Champions League, playing the second half of a 1–1 home draw against Olympiacos F.C. for the group stage.
On 15 January 2014 Cavaleiro scored his first official goal for Benfica, netting the last in a 2–0 win against Leixões S.C. for the season's Portuguese League Cup.
International career.
Cavaleiro represented Portugal at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup: he appeared in four games as a substitute in Turkey, in an eventual round-of-16 exit.
Cavaleiro made his debut for the under-21s on 14 August 2013, netting a hat-trick in a 5–2 friendly win against Switzerland. On 28 February of the following year he received his first callup for the senior side, for an exhibition game with Cameroon on 5 March, starting and playing 70 minutes in the 5–1 win in Leiria.

</doc>
<doc id="36702503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702503" title="Send Me an Angel (album)">
Send Me an Angel (album)

Send Me an Angel is the second studio album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine released in 2002.
Track listing.
All music written by Fabio Lione (Tordiglione) and Olaf Thörsen (Magnani) except where noted. All lyrics written by Olaf Thörsen except track 11 originally written by A-ha.

</doc>
<doc id="36702507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702507" title="Gary Yeo">
Gary Yeo

Yeo Foo Ee Gary (born August 13, 1986) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Singapore.
Yeo won the silver medal in the Men's 100 metres at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games.
In 2012, Yeo represented Singapore at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In the men's 100m preliminary round, he broke his personal best timing of 10.62secs to 10.57secs to qualify for Round 1. He subsequently finished last in his heat and did not qualify for the next round.
In the same year, Yeo went on to represent Singapore at the 2012 Asean University Games where he broke his personal best timing of 10.57secs to 10.44secs to win the final and qualify for Sea Games 2013. 
In 2013, Yeo started training full time and broke the 4x100m relay record in May with a timing of 39.45secs. 
Yeo was a former student of Victoria School and is now studying business at the Singapore Management University.

</doc>
<doc id="36702508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702508" title="Azneem Ahmed">
Azneem Ahmed

Azneem Ahmed (born in Kulhudhuffushi) is a Maldivian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metres where he broke the national Men's 100m record with a time of 10.79 seconds in the heats before being eliminated in the first round. He also holds the country's Men's 200m record with 21.70 and the Men's 4 x 100m Relay record with 41.39 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36702511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702511" title="Gérard Kobéané">
Gérard Kobéané

Gérard Kobéané is a Burkinabe sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metres where he qualified and set a seasonal best time of 10.42 seconds before being eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36702527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702527" title="Reza Ghasemi">
Reza Ghasemi

Reza Ghasemi (; born 24 July 1987) is an Iranian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702528" title="Pierre Ouellet">
Pierre Ouellet

Pierre Ouellet is a Québecois writer, critic, and literature professor. He won the Governor General's Literary Award for French non-fiction in 2006 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36702529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702529" title="Jeremy Bascom">
Jeremy Bascom

Jeremy Bascom is a Guyanian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metres.
Born in Linden, Guyana, he has lived in the United States of America since 1997, where he attended Long Island University. He set a Guyanese national record for the 100 metres in 2010 and represented Guyana at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36702532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702532" title="Miguel López (athlete)">
Miguel López (athlete)

Miguel López is a Puerto Rican sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702535" title="Allison Peter">
Allison Peter

Allison Peter is a Virgin Islands sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres and the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702541" title="Andreea Ogrăzeanu">
Andreea Ogrăzeanu

Andreea Luiza Ogrăzeanu (born 24 March 1990) is a Romanian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702547" title="Maria Belibasaki">
Maria Belibasaki

Maria Belibasaki or Maria Belimpasaki (; born 19 June 1991) is a Greek sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702550" title="Yuliya Balykina">
Yuliya Balykina

Yuliya Balykina (born 12 April 1984) is a Belarusian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres, and Women's 4 × 100 metres relay. Balykina tested positive for drostanolone in an out-of-competition doping test in June 2013 and was banned from competitive athletics for two years. Her period of ineligibility ends on 24 July 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36702556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702556" title="Luciano Teixeira">
Luciano Teixeira

Luciano Mendes Teixeira (born 10 October 1993 in Bissau) is a Guinea-Bissauan footballer who plays for Metz as a Defensive Midfielder.
Club career.
In 11 August 2012, Luciano Teixeira made his debut with Benfica B in a 2012–13 Segunda Liga match against Braga B where he played 72 minutes as a Defensive Midfielder and scored an own goal at 63rd minute.
He joined Metz during the summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36702557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702557" title="Noah Akwu">
Noah Akwu

Noah Akwu is a Nigerian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702558" title="José Carlos Herrera">
José Carlos Herrera

José Carlos Herrera (born February 5, 1986) is a Mexican sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702559" title="Aiginiakos F.C.">
Aiginiakos F.C.

Aiginiakos Football Club is a Greek football club, based in Aiginio, Pieria. It was established in 1972.
Aiginiakos appeared in Gamma Ethniki's Northern Group in 1989–90 Gamma Ethniki, but finished the season on the last place and was relegated to the regional championship.
In 2012, Aiginiakos lifted the Pieria FCA Cup in 2012 after beating AE Peristasi 1–0 in the final and was supposed to play in the 2012–13 Delta Ethniki after having ended first in the A' Division of the local Pieria championships. However, they took the place of fellow Pieria-based club Platamon Academy in the Football League 2 – the latter being Group 3 champions in the 2011–12 Delta Ethniki but could not obtain a professional licence to play in the 2012–13 Football League 2. The solution was found by merging with Platamón CF and getting the licence needed. In Football League 2 things were easy for the teams, as they knew that the top five teams would promoted to Football League. Aiginiakos got the 4th place with ease, and got promoted to Football League for the first time in their history.
Honours.
"Since 1996"

</doc>
<doc id="36702561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702561" title="Joel Redhead">
Joel Redhead

Joel Redhead is a Grenadian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702563" title="Jonathan Åstrand">
Jonathan Åstrand

Jonathan Åstrand (born 9 September 1985 in Närpes, Finland) is a Finnish sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metres. He has a personal best of 10.26 in the 100 meters and 20.50 in the 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702565" title="Jean-Yves Esparon">
Jean-Yves Esparon

Jean-Yves Esparon (born 8 August 1994) is a Seychellois sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702573" title="Kai Selvon">
Kai Selvon

Kai Selvon is a Trinidadian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702580" title="Evelyn dos Santos">
Evelyn dos Santos

Evelyn Carolina de Oliveira dos Santos (born 11 April 1985 in Rio De Janeiro) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who competes in sprinting events. 
She is from Brazilian Army since 2010
Career.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres. She has a personal best of 11.16 in the 100 metres, and a personal best of 22.76 in the 200 metres.
At London, the Brazilian 4x100m relay women team, composed by Ana Cláudia Lemos, Franciela Krasucki, Evelyn dos Santos and Rosângela Santos broke the South American record in the qualifying of the race, with a time of 42.55, and went to the final in sixth place. In the final, the Brazilian relay did 42.91 and finished 7th.
At the 2013 World Championships in Moscow, the team composed by Ana Cláudia Lemos, Evelyn dos Santos, Franciela Krasucki and Rosângela Santos broke the South American record in the semifinals of the women's 4x100m metres relay, with a time of 42.29 seconds. But, strangely and without official explanation, the CBAT (Brazilian Athletics Confederation) held a bizarre athlete change to the final, putting Vanda Gomes (who had never run the relay) instead of Rosangela Santos, to close the race. In the final, Brazil came second, almost tied with Jamaica and with great possibility to win the silver medal, and knock the South American record when, at the last bat exchange, Vanda, who had been placed "in fire" in a World Championships final and without sufficient training to receive the baton, eventually leaving the baton fall.

</doc>
<doc id="36702581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702581" title="Christy Udoh">
Christy Udoh

Christy Udoh is a Nigerian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.
References.
2. DailyTexanOnline.com/person/christy-udoh
3. Olympic Games - day 10 - Athletics 

</doc>
<doc id="36702583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702583" title="Chico Camus">
Chico Camus

Chico Camus (born January 26, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mixed martial arts.
Early career.
Camus started his professional career in 2009, fighting mainly for organizations in his home state.
In 2010 for NAFC, he defeated Joe Pearson and John Hosman via TKO and lost to Jameel Massouh by unanimous decision.
Legends of Fighting Championship.
Camus fought in LFC bantamweight tournament for a contract with Tachi Palace Fights. He defeated Daniel Aguirre in the quarterfinals and Alptekin Ozkilic in the semifinals, but did not compete in the finals due to signing with the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Camus faced Dustin Pague on August 11, 2012 at UFC 150. He won the fight via unanimous decision (29–28, 30–27, 29–28).
Camus faced promotional newcomer Dustin Kimura on February 2, 2013 at UFC 156. He lost the fight via submission in the third round.
Camus faced Kyung Ho Kang on August 31, 2013 at UFC 164. He won the fight via unanimous decision (29–28, 29–28, 30–27).
Camus faced Yaotzin Meza on January 25, 2014 at UFC on Fox 10. Originally, he won the fight via unanimous decision (30–27, 29–28, 29–28) but the result was overturned after Camus failed a post fight drug test.
Camus faced Chris Holdsworth on May 24, 2014 at UFC 173, replacing Kyung Ho Kang. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.

</doc>
<doc id="36702584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702584" title="Mariely Sánchez">
Mariely Sánchez

Mariely Sánchez Hichez (born December 30, 1988) is a Dominican Republic sprinter from Santo Domingo. She holds both the 100m and 200m Dominican National records. The latter was set at the 2011 Pan American Games where she won a bronze medal. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702592" title="Elizabeta Savlinis">
Elizabeta Savlinis

Elizabeta Savlinis is a Russian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702594" title="Norma González">
Norma González

Norma González (born 11 August 1982, in Santander de Quilichao, Cauca) is a Colombian sprinter.
Career.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres and was part of the Colombian 4 x 100 metre team.

</doc>
<doc id="36702598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702598" title="Viktoriya Zyabkina">
Viktoriya Zyabkina

Viktoriya Zyabkina (born 4 September, 1992) is a Kazakhstani sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702603" title="Nercely Soto">
Nercely Soto

Nercely Desirée Soto Soto (born 23 August 1990 in Maracaibo, Zulia) is a Venezuelan sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702606" title="Erika Chávez">
Erika Chávez

Érika Benilda Chávez Quinteros (born 4 June 1990 in San Lorenzo, Esmeraldas) is an Ecuadorian sprinter.
Career.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702608" title="Wang Guan">
Wang Guan

Wang Guan (born 16 February 1987) is a Chinese modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702612" title="Ndèye Fatou Soumah">
Ndèye Fatou Soumah

Ndèye Fatou Soumah (born 6 April 1986 in Saint-Louis, Senegal) is a Senegalese woman sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36702616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702616" title="Luan Gabriel">
Luan Gabriel

Luan Gabriel (born in Roseau) is a Dominican sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres event but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36702619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702619" title="Vladislava Ovcharenko">
Vladislava Ovcharenko

Vladislava Ovcharenko (born 18 December 1986) is a Tajikistani sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702623" title="Fábio Cardoso">
Fábio Cardoso

Fábio Rafael Rodrigues Cardoso (born 19 April 1994) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a centre-back for Benfica B.
Club career.
In 11 August 2012, Cardoso made his debut with Benfica B in a 2012–13 Segunda Liga match against Braga B where he played 84 minutes as a Centre back, partnering with Lionel Carole.
International Career.
Fábio Cardoso represented Portugal at the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. 
Fábio Cardoso represented Portugal at the 2014 Toulon Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="36702628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702628" title="Athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's decathlon">
Athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Men's decathlon

The Men's decathlon competition at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, was held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on November 29–30.
Competition format.
The decathlon consists of ten track and field events, with a points system that awards higher scores for better results in each of the ten components. The athletes all compete in one competition with no elimination rounds.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Schedule.
All times are local

</doc>
<doc id="36702629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702629" title="Jacqui Nelson">
Jacqui Nelson

Jacqueline (Jacqui) Nelson formerly Jacqui Morgan (born 1965) is a cyclist from New Zealand. 
At the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona she came 10th in the 3000m pursuit. 
At the 1994 Commonwealth Games at Victoria, B.C. she came 2nd in the points race and 3rd in the 3000m pursuit, winning silver and bronze medals. 
At the 1996 Summer Olympics at Atlanta she came 8th in the points race and 20th in the time trial. 

</doc>
<doc id="36702646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702646" title="Vitaliy Butrym">
Vitaliy Butrym

Vitaliy Butrym (born in Sumy Oblast) is a Ukrainian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702652" title="Bereket Desta">
Bereket Desta

Bereket Desta (born 23 May 1990 in Snkata) is an Ethiopian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702653" title="Agrahara Mettupatty">
Agrahara Mettupatty

A.Mettupatty (Agrahara Mettupatty) is a small Village near Valayapatty in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu. It’s situated 15 km south of Namakkal and 2 km south of Valayapatty Panchayat. It is located at the bank of Karaipottan river.
History.
The name "Agrahara Mettupatty" derived from the Iyers as most of the peoples were Iyers (Brahmins). They hold major agricultural fields in the village. The Iyers received those lands from the Zamindars and local rulers. The rest of the people were working for the Iyers and took care of their agricultural fields & cattle. Later on, most of the Iyers left the village and settled in the nearby cities. As a result, people bought the agricultural lands from the Iyers and started working on it.
Pyramid Shape Temple Towers.
There is a Lord Siva (Sri Sivakama Sundari Udanurai, Sri Chithambareshwarar Aalayam) and Kothanda Perumal temple present in this village. It has been a significant importance to this village as it is constructed in the shape of Pyramids (Egyptian pyramids). The Mettupatty Zamindars, who ruled the entire eight villages, including Agrahara Mettupatty, had constructed this Pyramid-shaped temple 300 years before. The temple towers are also in the shape of Pyramids (Egyptian pyramids) and you will never see these kinds of temple towers anywhere in Tamil Nadu. There is a Pirathosa Pooja every 15 days in the month. All the people’s from surrounding areas, including local politicians, used to come and attend the Prirathosa pooja.
Business and Economy.
The entire village's economy and business is based on Agriculture and Farming. In the earlier days (Even today), agriculture was the main source for their livelihood. But nowadays, due to several factors like changes in lifestyle and education, and due to lower rainfall, the people are moving towards the cities. Even though it is a village, the people still take up vocations such as medicine, banking, police, law etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36702654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702654" title="Alberth Bravo">
Alberth Bravo

Alberth Idel Bravo Morales (born August 29, 1987 in Cabimas, Zulia) is a Venezuelan sprinter. He competed also successfully in hurdling and high jump.
Career.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres, and Men's 4 × 400 metres relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36702657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702657" title="Kristijan Efremov">
Kristijan Efremov

Kristijan Efremov is a Macedonian sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702658" title="Elvin Chia">
Elvin Chia

Elvin Chia Tshun Thau (born 26 April 1977) is a retired Malaysian swimmer. He was born in Sandakan, Sabah. He was the Malaysian Olympian of the Year in 1999. He also competed in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36702660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702660" title="Hélder Costa (footballer)">
Hélder Costa (footballer)

Hélder Wander Sousa Azevedo Costa (born 12 January 1994) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a winger for Benfica B.
Club career.
In 11 August 2012, Hélder Costa made his debut with Benfica B in a 2012–13 Segunda Liga match against Braga B where he played 72 minutes as a Winger.
In 25 January 2014, Hélder Costa made his debut with Benfica in a 2013–14 League Cup match against Gil Vicente where he played as a Winger.
International career.
Hélder Costa represented Portugal at the 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. 
Hélder Costa represented Portugal at the 2014 Toulon Tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="36702667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702667" title="Augusto Stanley">
Augusto Stanley

Augusto Stanley is a Paraguayan sprinter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702684" title="List of airports in Victoria (Australia)">
List of airports in Victoria (Australia)

This is a list of airports in the Australian state of Victoria.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36702685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702685" title="Andrei Gheorghe">
Andrei Gheorghe

Andrei Gheorghe (born 14 September 1987) is a Guatemalan modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702695" title="Thomas De Corte">
Thomas De Corte

Thomas De Corte (born 31 March 1988 in Etterbeek) is a Belgian professional footballer who is currently without a club. He formerly played for Lierse and AGOVV Apeldoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36702698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702698" title="Ivan Tukhtachev">
Ivan Tukhtachev

Ivan Tukhtachev is a Russian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702700" title="Francisco Bilbao Workers Party">
Francisco Bilbao Workers Party

The Francisco Bilbao Workers Party () was a political party in Chile. The party was established in 1898, and was named after Francisco Bilbao. The party was founded by Ricardo Guerrero, who was inspired by Marxian theory. Local branches of the party were established in sixteen cities. The programme of the party was published in 1899, with a clear anti-militarist and anti-clerical orientation.
The Santiago de Chile-based newspaper "El Trabajo" of Alejandro Gonzalez was linked to the party.
The party was a precursor of the Socialist Party founded in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="36702701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702701" title="Ismael Kombich">
Ismael Kombich

Ismael Kombich is a Kenyan Track and field athlete who specialised in 800 metres events and was a member of the Kenyan team that currently holds the world record in 4 × 800 metres relay since 2006 with Joseph Mutua, William Yiampoy, and Wilfred Bungei.
Ismael Kombich ran his personal best in the 800 meters in 2008 and won the Kenyan championships in this discipline same year .

</doc>
<doc id="36702702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702702" title="Jeffrey Riseley">
Jeffrey Riseley

Jeffrey Riseley (born 11 November 1986) is an Australian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702703" title="Anis Ananenka">
Anis Ananenka

Anis Ananenka (born 29 November 1985 in Zhlobin) is a Belarusian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702707" title="Abdulaziz Ladan">
Abdulaziz Ladan

Abdulaziz Ladan Mohammed (; born 7 January 1991) is a Saudi Arabian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702710" title="Sören Ludolph">
Sören Ludolph

Sören Ludolph (born 25 February 1988 in Lüneburg) is a German middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the 800 metres, finishing seventh in his first round heat.

</doc>
<doc id="36702711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702711" title="Fingerpointing (Red Krayola album)">
Fingerpointing (Red Krayola album)

Fingerpointing is the remix album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released on July 22, 2008 through Drag City. It is a remix of the album Fingerpainting, with Jim O'Rourke responsible for the new mix.

</doc>
<doc id="36702712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702712" title="Manuel Antonio (athlete)">
Manuel Antonio (athlete)

Manuel Antonio is an Angolan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702713" title="Hamada Mohamed">
Hamada Mohamed

Hamada Mohamed (born 22 October 1992), also known as Mohamed Ahmed Hamada, is an Egyptian middle-distance runner. He represented Egypt at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Mohamed holds multiple national track records for Egypt.
Running career.
One of Mohamed's first international appearances was at the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where he finished the Junior men's race in 28:25 (min:sec), finishing in 113th of 118 finishers. Hamada would later produce much livelier results on the track.
At the 2011 Arab Athletics Championships, Mohamed finished second in the 1500 metres race, recording a time of 3:59.15. Later that same year, at the 2011 Pan Arab Games, Mohamed ran the 800 metres, finishing the finals round in fifth place of six finishers, in a time of 1:48.08.
Due to his promising results even though he was only a teenager, Mohamed was selected by Egypt to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he ran in the men's 800 metres where he finished 8th in his semi-finals heat with a time of 1:48:18.
Mohamed then ran in the first heat of the men's 800 metres at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, barely missing qualification to the next round, although he ran a great race against the likes of Marcin Lewandowski and Giordano Benedetti.

</doc>
<doc id="36702714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702714" title="Adnan Taess">
Adnan Taess

Adnan Taess Akkar Al-Mntfage (born 24 March 1980) is an Iraqi middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702715" title="Fábio Martins">
Fábio Martins

Fábio Santos Martins (born 24 July 1993 in Mafamude - Vila Nova de Gaia) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Aves, as a forward.
Football career.
In the first match of the 2012–13 Segunda Liga season for FC Porto B against Tondela on the 12 August, he made his professional league debut when he started the game.

</doc>
<doc id="36702716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702716" title="Amine El Manaoui">
Amine El Manaoui

Amine El Manaoui (born 20 November 1991) is a Moroccan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702718" title="Erzhan Askarov">
Erzhan Askarov

Erzhan Askarov is a Kyrgyzstani middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702729" title="Marco Aurelio Fontana">
Marco Aurelio Fontana

Marco Aurelio Fontana (born 12 October 1984) is an Italian racing cyclist. He won the bronze medal in the cross-country mountain bike race at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702739" title="Gieljan Tissingh">
Gieljan Tissingh

Gieljan Tissingh (born 19 April 1990 in Nunspeet) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for FC Zwolle and AGOVV Apeldoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36702744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702744" title="Annabelle Lascar">
Annabelle Lascar

Annabelle Lascar is a Mauritian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702746" title="Elena Popescu">
Elena Popescu

Elena Popescu is a Moldovan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702749" title="Noura Elsayed">
Noura Elsayed

Noura Elsayed (born 18 June 1987 in Kalyobiya) is an Egyptian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she failed to compete in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702751" title="Tiago Emanuel Ferreira">
Tiago Emanuel Ferreira

Tiago Emanuel Canelas Almeida Ferreira (born 10 July 1993 in Porto) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Porto B as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36702753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702753" title="Malika Akkaoui">
Malika Akkaoui

Malika Akkaoui is a Moroccan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702756" title="Andrea Ferris">
Andrea Ferris

Andrea Ferris (born 21 September 1987 in La Chorrera) is a Panamanian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.
In December 2012, she married Peruvian middle-distance runner Mario Bazán.

</doc>
<doc id="36702759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702759" title="Amina Bakhit">
Amina Bakhit

Amina Bakhit is a Sudanese middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702761" title="Felismina Cavela">
Felismina Cavela

Felismina Cavela is an Angolan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702764" title="Cherono Koech">
Cherono Koech

Cherono Koech (8 December 1992 in Kericho) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702767" title="Maryna Arzamasava">
Maryna Arzamasava

Maryna Arzamasava is a Belarusian middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres. She won a bronze medal at the 2013 European Athletics Indoor Championships in the 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702769" title="Morgan Adams">
Morgan Adams

Morgan Adams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36702771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702771" title="Szymon Staśkiewicz">
Szymon Staśkiewicz

Szymon Staśkiewicz (born 3 January 1987) is a Polish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702773" title="Elisabeth Mandaba">
Elisabeth Mandaba

Elisabeth Mandaba is a Central African middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702784" title="Martijn Thomassen">
Martijn Thomassen

Martijn Thomassen (born 6 June 1990 in Geldrop) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a Defender. He formerly played for AGOVV Apeldoorn and FC Eindhoven. He is currently without a club.

</doc>
<doc id="36702789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702789" title="S. Venkataramadas Nayudu">
S. Venkataramadas Nayudu

Diwan Bahadur S. Venkataramadas Nayudu was an Indian administrator who served as Diwan of the Pudukkottai state from 1899 to 1909.
As Diwan.
Venkataramadas Nayudu was appointed Diwan by the Raja, Martanda Bhairava Tondaiman in 1899, just before his departure for England. Nayudu brought ministerial expenditure under budgetary restrictions and created the office of Treasury Officer. He inaugurated the Pudukkottai Representative Assembly in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="36702792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702792" title="Tó Zé">
Tó Zé

António José Pinheiro Carvalho (born 14 January 1993), commonly known as Tó Zé, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Porto B as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Forjães, Esposende, Tó Zé had two youth spells with F.C. Porto, the last starting in 2009 which eventually led to his graduation. He made his senior debuts in the 2012–13 season, being a nuclear element for the B-team in the second division.
On 10 February 2013, shortly after celebrating his 20th birthday, Tó Zé made his first official appearance for the main squad, coming on as a second-half substitute for Silvestre Varela in a 1–1 home draw against S.C. Olhanense for the league championship.
Personal.
In 2011, Tó Zé was distinguished as the best student in all the public high-schools of Porto, receiving an award from the city mayor Rui Rio. He graduated from Escola António Nobre with a final maximum grade of 20, and subsequently studied veterinary medicine in the Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute, simultaneously with his football career.

</doc>
<doc id="36702794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702794" title="Lucy van Dalen">
Lucy van Dalen

Lucy van Dalen (born 18 November 1988 in Wanganui) is a New Zealand middle-distance runner, who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in the Women's 1500 metres. Along with her twin sister Holly, Lucy attended Stony Brook University in New York until 2012, earning an undergraduate degree in sociology followed by a Master of Arts in Liberal Studies (MA/LS). She was chosen an NCAA All-American for outdoor track (2010, 2011 and 2012), indoor track (2011 and 2012) and cross-country (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="36702797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702797" title="Corinna Harrer">
Corinna Harrer

Corinna Harrer (born 19 January 1991 in Regensburg) is a German middle distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the 1500 metres. She won a silver medal at the 2013 European Athletics Indoor Championships in the 3000 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702798" title="Meskerem Assefa">
Meskerem Assefa

Meskerem Assefa Legesse Wondimagegn (born 20 September 1985 in Robe, Arsi) is an Ethiopian middle- and long-distance runner. She represented Ethiopia at the 2012 London Olympics. She has personal bests including 4:02.12 minutes for the 1500 metres, 8:46.37 minutes for the 3000 metres and 2:25:17 hours for the marathon.
Meskerem competes principally in the 1500 m and represented Ethiopia that event at the Summer Olympics in 2008 and 2012. She is a two-time participant at the World Championships in Athletics and was the silver medallist at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics. 
Career.
Meskerem started running middle-distance races in 2001 and while in Oregon in 2003 she ran an 800 metres best of 2:01.11 minutes and a 1500 metres best of 4:03.96 minutes. She was mainly based in the United States until 2007. A win at the All-Ethiopian Games in Addis Ababa and a runner-up finish at the Ethiopian Athletics Championships brought her a place at the 2007 All-Africa Games, where she placed fourth with a run of 4:09.83 minutes.
The following year brought her first major senior medal – she was the silver medallist behind Gelete Burka in the 1500 m at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics. On the Brazilian athletics circuit she had three straight wins including a personal best of 2:02.12 minutes in the 800 m in Rio de Janeiro. Her best run in the 1500 m that season was 4:05.67 minutes, which came at a meeting in Jerez de la Frontera. She was chosen to represent Ethiopia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but she was eliminated in the first round of heats.
A runner-up finish at the national championships earned her a place at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. She passed the first round, but did not start in the semi-final. Her best 1500 m that year (4:05.99) was at the Prefontaine Classic in Eugene, Oregon, and she also set a 3000 metres personal best of 8:46.37 minutes at the Meeting Lille Metropole. Her major competition of 2010 was the African Championships, where she was fifth over 1500 m. In the first half of the year she began to move away from middle-distance towards long-distance running: she was runner-up at the Le Mans Cross Country, set a 5000 metres time of 15:03.49 minutes for third at the GE Galan, won the Cooper River Bridge Run with a run of 32:31 minutes for the 10K, and had third place finishes at the Carlsbad 5000 and Crescent City Classic 5K road races.
In spite of success in longer races, Meskerem focused on the 1500 m in 2011 and achieved her best results yet. She ran a career best of 4:03.63 minutes for second at the Colorful Daegu Championships Meeting, then improved this further to 4:02.12 minutes as runner-up at the Golden Gala IAAF Diamond League meeting. She ran 4:06.32 for another second place at the Brazzaville meeting and placed seventh with a run of 4:04.48 minutes at the top level Herculis meet. She ranked second to Kalkidan Gezahegne among Ethiopian runners that year. She was again chosen to represent Ethiopia on the global stage, but was eliminated in the heats of the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. She again placed fourth in the 1500 m at the 2011 All-Africa Games, just finishing off the podium.
At the start of 2012 she ran indoor bests of 4:07.65 minutes for the 1500 m and 8:53.18 minutes for the 3000 m. Outdoors, her season's best came in Daegu, where she repeated her placing of the previous year, coming second in 4:06.52 minutes. Meskerem's second Olympic appearance followed at the 2012 London Games, but again she did not progress beyond the heats of the 1500 m. After the Olympics she placed second at the DécaNation competition.
Meskerem made a significant, and successful, step up in distance at the beginning of 2013 as she entered the Houston Marathon and finished in third place with a time of 2:25:17 hours. Three months later she was runner-up to Flomena Cheyech at the Vienna Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36702800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702800" title="Eunice Jepkoech Sum">
Eunice Jepkoech Sum

Eunice Jepkoech Sum (born April 10, 1988) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 1500 metres.
At the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, Eunice Sum won gold in the 800 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="36702802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702802" title="Chancel Ilunga Sankuru">
Chancel Ilunga Sankuru

Chancel Ilunga Sankuru is a Congolese middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702804" title="Faith Chepngetich Kipyegon">
Faith Chepngetich Kipyegon

Faith Chepngetich Kipyegon (born 10 January 1994 in Bomet, Kenya) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner. She won the gold medal at the 2011 World Youth Championships in Athletics, and a gold medal the next year at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 1500 metres, But got 9th in the 3rd heat and failed to qualify for the finals. She won the women's junior race in the World Cross Country Championships in 2013. She competed in the 2013 World Championships in Athletics and Came in 5th place in the final with a time of 4:05.08.
Career.
Faith Kipyegon first got noticed to the eye of the public back in early 2010 at the age of 16 when she ran in the 2010 World Cross Country Championships women's junior race and came in 5th place individually, but won the gold with her team.
But then came back the next year, in 2011 and won the gold medal in the junior race with her team and individually.
2011.
At the age of seventeen She Participated at the 2011 World Cross Country Championships in Punta Umbria and won the gold medal in the junior race with her team and individually. A couple of months after she compited at the World Youth Championships in the women's 1500m winning the gold medal ahead of three Ethopian runners with a time of 4:09.48.
2012.
In the 2012 World Junior Championships in Barcelona, she won the gold medal way ahead of the field with a time of 4:04.96 the Serbian Amela Terzić and Ethiopian Teferi Senbere took 2nd and 3rd. She qualifed for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's 1500m, in London, but failed to qualify for the finals.
2013.
At the beginning of the 2013 season, Faith Kipyegon won the junior race individual at the World Cross Country Championships in Bydgoszcz Poland. On May 10, at the Qatar Athletic Super Grand Prix in Doha, she established a new Kenyan Record in the womes 1500m's in a Time of 3:56.98, facing the Swedish runner Abeba Aregawi. In August 2013, at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow, Faith Kipyegon came in fifth in the final of the women's 1500m's in a time of 4:05.08.
2014.
In 2014, she won the gold medal in the 4×1500m Relay at the first IAAF World Relays in Nassau, Bahamas, along with Mercy Cherono, Irene Jelagat and Hellen Obiri. The Kenya team, ahead of the United States and Australia, improved the World Record time to 16:33.58.

</doc>
<doc id="36702807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702807" title="Janet Achola">
Janet Achola

Janet Achola (born June 26, 1988) is a Ugandan middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702810" title="Betlhem Desalegn">
Betlhem Desalegn

Betlhem Desalegn Belayneh (Amharic: ቤተልሄም ደሳለኝ በላይነህ; born 13 November 1991 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian-born Emirati middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702813" title="Tim Receveur">
Tim Receveur

Tim Receveur (born 30 July 1991 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for AGOVV Apeldoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36702815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702815" title="Gladys Landaverde">
Gladys Landaverde

Gladys Nataly Landaverde Hernández (born 23 February 1990 in San Ignacio, Chalatenango) is a Salvadoran middle-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702846" title="Pavlo Tymoshchenko">
Pavlo Tymoshchenko

Pavlo Tymoshchenko (born 13 October 1986) is a Ukrainian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702849" title="R v Penguin Books Ltd.">
R v Penguin Books Ltd.

R v Penguin Books Ltd was the public prosecution at the Old Bailey of Penguin Books under the Obscene Publications Act 1959 for the publication of D. H. Lawrence's "Lady Chatterley's Lover". The trial took place over six days in No 1 court between 20 October and 2 November 1960 with Mervyn Griffith-Jones prosecuting, Gerald Gardiner counsel for the defence and Mr Justice Byrne presiding. The trial was a test case of the defence of public good provision under section 4 of the Act which was defined as a work "in the interests of science, literature, art or learning, or of other objects of general concern".
The jury found for the defendant in a result that ushered in the liberalisation of publishing, and which some saw as the beginning of the permissive society in Britain.
Legislative and legal background.
The Obscene Publications Bill was put forward to Parliament in 1955 as a private member's bill on the recommendation of the Herbert Committee in response to what was seen as the failure of the existing common law offense of obscene libel. The Bill’s sponsor Roy Jenkins cited five prosecutions in 1954 which highlighted the uncertainty of the law on obscenity and that the basis of the existing law, "R v Hicklin", had the effect of a stringent literary censorship. Consequently the resultant Act made specific provision for a defence of public good, broadly defined as a work of artistic or scientific merit, intended to exclude literature from the scope of the law while still permitting the prosecution of pornography or such works which would under section 2 of the Act ”tend to deprave and corrupt persons likely to read it”. The Act also required the court to consider the work as a whole, put a time limit on prosecutions, provided booksellers with a defence of innocent dissemination, gave publishers a right of defence against a destruction order, the right of appeal, and limited the penalty of conviction. The Act came into force on 30 August 1959.
The then Director of Public Prosecutions (the DPP), Sir Theobald Mathew, made submission to the Bill's Commons Select Committee on 27 May 1957 that his office would "take into account the existing reputation of the author, the publisher, the printer" before deciding on prosecution. Roy Jenkins wrote to "The Spectator" on 26 August 1960 that the DPP's decision to indict Penguin was a misapplication of the law.
Publication history.
Lawrence’s novel had been the subject of three drafts before the final unexpurgated typewritten transcript was submitted to the Florentine printers on 9 March 1928 with the intention of publishing a private limited edition of 1000 copies. Martin Secker refused to publish the work in this form, forcing Lawrence to publish the first edition of the final version himself without copyright protection in July 1928. In August the same year US customs confiscated imported copies of this edition as indeed did Scotland Yard. Despite the fact that "The First Lady Chatterley" published by the Dial Press in 1944 was declared obscene by a US court (overruled several months later) it would take until 21 July 1959 for a US court to rule that the first authorised unexpurgated edition of "Lady Chatterley's Lover" (published by Grove) was not obscene. On 16 August 1960 Penguin published the first unexpurgated English edition of "Lady Chatterley’s Lover".
It was on 18 March 1960 that the Chief Constable of Peterborough wrote to the DPP regarding the imminent publication of the book seeking advice though there was no evidence of publication at this time. It was not until 16 August when Penguin presented 15 copies to D.I. Monahan that legal proceedings were instituted, and a summons was issued on the 25 August at Bow Street Magistrates' Court.
Trial.
Counsels' opening addresses.
Mervyn Griffith-Jones began by laying the issue before the jury: that they must decide if the book was obscene under section 2 of the Act and if so whether its literary merit amounted to a 'public good' under section 4, and that they must judge the book as a whole. Inviting them to consider as a test of whether it would deprave or corrupt he asked "Would you approve of your young sons, young daughters - because girls can read as well as boys - reading this book? Is it a book you would have lying around your own house? Is it a book that you would even wish your wife or your servants to read?" This last question was the cause of some amusement in the court, and as a signal of how out of touch the establishment were with everyday life has echoed in popular culture since. He also conceded that Lawrence was a writer of stature and that the book may have had some literary value but the obscenity of its language, its recommendation of what appears to be adulterous promiscuity and that the plot is mere padding for descriptions of sexual intercourse outweighed any such defence.
Gerald Gardiner outlined the case for the defence: that the book was not obscene under section 2 as it would not deprave or corrupt anyone, and that due to Lawrence’s status the work satisfied section 4. That "Lawrence’s message, as you have heard, was that the society of his day in England was sick, he thought, and the sickness from which it was suffering was the result of the machine age, the 'bitch-goddess Success', the importance that everybody attached to money, and the degree to which the mind had been stressed at the expense of the body; and that what we ought to do was to re-establish personal relationships, the greatest of which was the relationship between a man and a woman in love, in which there was no shame and nothing wrong, nothing unclean, nothing which anybody was not entitled to discuss." Therefore, the descriptions of sex were necessary and appropriate.
The defence then called 35 witnesses to testify to the artistic, sociological and moral value of the book, the prosecution called no witnesses.
Bishop of Woolwich.
Defence called Dr John Robinson, Anglican bishop of Woolwich, to elicit "hat, if any, are the ethical merits of this book?" After objection from the prosecution on the relevance of this testimony the judge agreed it satisfied the "other objects" criterion of subsection 2 section 4 of the Act. Robinson asserted that while Lawrence’s view was not Christian his intention "is to portray the sex relationship as something essentially sacred." He continued "...as in a real sense a holy communion. For him flesh was completely sacramental of spirit. His descriptions of sexual relations cannot be taken out of the context of his whole, to me, quite astonishing sensitivity to the beauty and value of all organic relationships." Pressed by Mr Griffith-Jones on whether the book had any instructional value the Bishop admitted it did not, but asked by Mr Gardiner if it were a book Christians ought to view Robinson said yes over the objection of the prosecution that it was for the jury to decide if its publication was justified. Nevertheless the Bishop’s statement garnered the newspaper headline "A BOOK ALL CHRISTIANS SHOULD READ".
Richard Hoggart.
In testimony that was later seen to have had a deciding influence on the trial the sociologist and lecturer in English Literature Richard Hoggart was called to testify to the literary value of "Lady Chatterley’s Lover". In a detailed textual analysis of the book under defence examination, Hoggart was elicited on the purpose of the four-letter words in the book: "he first effect, when I first read it was some shock, because they don’t go into polite literature normally. Then as one read further on one found the words lost that shock. They were being progressively purified as they were used. We have no word in English for this act which is not either a long abstraction or an evasive euphemism, and we are constantly running away from it, or dissolving into dots, at a passage like that. He wanted to say, 'This is what one does. In a simple, ordinary way, one fucks,' with no sniggering or dirt."
Under Prosecution cross-examination Griffith-Jones pursued Hoggart's previous description of the book as "highly virtuous if not puritanical". "I thought I had lived my life under a misapprehension as to the meaning of the word 'puritanical'. Will you please help me?" "Yes, many people do live their lives under a misapprehension of the meaning of the word 'puritanical'. This is the way in which language decays. In England today and for a long time the word 'puritanical' has been extended to mean somebody who is against anything which is pleasurable, particularly sex. The proper meaning of it, to a literary man or to a linguist, is somebody who belongs to the tradition of British puritanism generally, and the distinguishing feature of that is an intense sense of responsibility for one’s conscience. In this sense the book is puritanical."
Legal argument and ruling.
During examination of James Hemming the question was submitted by Gardiner whether reference to other books was permissible as evidence with respect to the author’s intention and particularly the production of other books to show by way of comparison what the climate of literature was and how well the authorial intention was carried out; further, that the 1959 Act had changed the law regarding judging the work as a whole and whether the Act required proof of criminal intent. Gardiner’s contention was that intent to deprave and corrupt was a rebuttable one and hence evidence can be called to prove there was no intent to deprave. In reply Griffith-Jones cited "R v Montalk" 1932 that "the offence of uttering and publishing an obscene libel[...] is established as soon as the Prosecution has proved the publication and obscenity of the matter charged, and a jury should not be directed that, beyond this, they must find an intent to corrupt public morals.'" Gardiner countered that while he accepted the Prosecution's argument in "R v Montalk" that intent to corrupt public morals is inferred from the act of publication that presumption is itself a matter of fact and rebuttable.
The judge gave his opinion that the Defence was not justified in calling evidence to prove that there was no intent to deprave and corrupt, that Defence could not produce other books with respect to evidence of the present book's obscenity rather than literary merit and that expert testimony could not be called as to the public good of the work which was a matter for the jury.
Closing statements.
In a lengthy speech, which has been praised for its 'forensic advocacy', Mr Gardiner began by recapitulating the testimony of the defence witnesses, after which he went on to examine the tactics of the prosecution: "In answer to what these witnesses have said, hardly any question has been put to them by the prosecution about the book as a whole. The technique has been just as it used to be before the Act: to read out particular passages and say "Now do you call that moral?", or "Do you think that is a good bit of writing?" The one thing which this Act has made plain is that in future, in fairness to the author, the book must be judged as a whole." In reference to the desirability of publication Gardiner invited the jury to consider that, "In my submission to you the defendants have shown, on the balance of probabilities, that it would be for the public good that this book should be generally available. I say on the balance of probabilities because ... where the prosecution has to establish something in a criminal case the burden which rests on them is to satisfy a jury beyond a reasonable doubt; where the defence have to discharge some burden of proof it is a lesser burden, it is the burden of satisfying a jury on a mere balance of probabilities." And in referring to the judge's ruling on the admissibility of other books for comparison Gardiner simply entreated the jury: "All you can do is to judge it as a whole in the existing climate of literature and with your own knowledge of human life"
In his closing remarks Mr Griffith-Jones examined the definition of obscenity and the change of its wording in law: "It is true that the old definition is now altered, and the words 'those whose minds are open to such influences', are changed to 'those who may in all the circumstances read the book'. You may think that place rather a less burden upon the prosecution than hitherto, that it rather widens the scope of this Act than otherwise, for now, irrespective of whether the person reading the book is one of a rather dull or perhaps retarded or stupid intellect, one whose mind may be open to such influences, there is not any such restricted class. It is anyone who may read the book in all the circumstances." With respect to the moral character of the book he observed: "It is said that this book condemns promiscuity. Does it? [...] But it does promiscuity, doesn't it? The earlier sexual experiences of both parties, then Michaelis, then Mellors - it is said that this is only showing how perfect sexual intercourse can lead to ultimate happiness. Members of the jury, the short answer to that view of the matter is this, which I think I put to one witness: what is there in the book to suggest that if the sexual intercourse between lady Chatterley and Mellors had not eventually turned out to be successful she would not have gone on and on and on elsewhere until she did find it?" In a point not raised in cross-examination Griffith-Jones asked the jury to consider the passage of the novel on p. 258 which suggested heterosexual buggery, then a criminal act in England and Wales, which though Griffith-Jones didn't labour the point had it been examined more closely might have been damning to the defence case that the book was not obscene.
After three hours of deliberation the jury returned a unanimous verdict of not guilty.
Legal and cultural consequences.
The verdict was the subject of a debate in the House of Lords on 14 December 1960.
Richard Hoggart in his autobiography wrote of the trial: "It has been entered on the agreed if conventional list of literary judgements as the moment at which the confused mesh of British attitudes to class, to literature, to the intellectual life, and to censorship, publically clashed as rarely before - to the confusion of more conservative attitudes. On the far side of that watershed and largely as a consequence, the favoured story continues, we had the Permissive Society. All of which is excessive and over-simple, but has some truth." Philip Larkin put this favoured story with typical self-mocking irony in his poem "Annus Mirabilis":

</doc>
<doc id="36702855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702855" title="Mayor of Hereford">
Mayor of Hereford

The following were mayors of Hereford, England:

</doc>
<doc id="36702860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702860" title="Sander Fischer">
Sander Fischer

Sander Fischer (born 23 September 1988 in Rhoon) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for NAC Breda, SC Cambuur, FC Emmen and AGOVV Apeldoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36702863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702863" title="Hugo Frey (musician)">
Hugo Frey (musician)

Hugo Frey (26 August 187313 February 1952) was an American pianist, violinist, composer, songwriter, conductor, and arranger. He was a prolific editor for piano sheet music, the primary audience being the "living room" pianist, providing simplified arrangements of some of the more difficult pieces.
In the 1920s he was pianist with The Troubadours and led and arranged for the Manhattan Merrymakers, and was "a prolific piano roll editor".
In 1921 Swiss classical pianist Rudolph Ganz described Frey as "the best of the composers of so-called bad music, and therefore preferable to the bad composers of so-called good music".

</doc>
<doc id="36702872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702872" title="Turkish Wrestling Federation">
Turkish Wrestling Federation

Turkish Wrestling Federation (, TGF) is the governing body for wrestling in Turkey. It aims to govern, encourage and develop the sport for all throughout the country.
TGF has been established in 1923, and is headquartered in Ankara.. TGF is a member of the International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles (FILA).
The federation organizes the national wrestling events, and European and World championships hosted by Turkey. In addition, the TGF promotes and organizes traditional wrestling styles such as oil wrestling and Karakucak.

</doc>
<doc id="36702879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702879" title="Rustim Sabirkhouzine">
Rustim Sabirkhouzine

Rustim Vilevich Sabirkhouzine (, born 4 January 1978) is a Kazakh modern pentathlete. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36702892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702892" title="Anđa Jelavić">
Anđa Jelavić

Anđa Jelavić (born 21 September 1980) is a Croatian female basketball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Croatia women's national basketball team in the women's event. She is 5 ft 8 inches (1 m 72 cm) tall. 

</doc>
<doc id="36702896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702896" title="Fikri Sönmez">
Fikri Sönmez

Fikri Sönmez (widely known as "Terzi Fikri" ("Fikri the Tailor")) (1938 - 4 May 1985) was a Turkish socialist politician, who served as the mayor of Fatsa district of Ordu Province between 1979 and 1980.
Early years.
He was born in the Chveneburi (Muslim Georgian) village of Kabakdağı in Fatsa, Turkey. After the primary school, he started to work as a tailor in a workshop. He moved to Istanbul, he joined the Workers Party of Turkey (TİP) in the 1960s. He took part in protests against the Turkey visits of the United States Sixth Fleet since 1969 on the side of Dev-Genç (Revolutionary Youth). From 1972 to 1974, Sönmez was imprisoned for his support to the Turkish revolutionary activist Mahir Çayan. After 1975, he joined political activities in the cities of Ordu, Giresun and Samsun.
Mayorship.
After the death of Nazmiye Komitoğlu, who was the mayor of Fatsa from the Republican People's Party (CHP), he ran for the vacant seat as an independent. After his election as the mayor, he split Fatsa into eleven regions and created people's committees. He made campaigns against the violence against women, the poor infrastructure in Fatsa, gambling, diseases because of the bad conditions in the town. Because of his success in the town, he got support from different political movements in the town.
He was blamed creating a new state inside the Turkish Republic by the Justice Party (AP). On 11 July 1980, Turkish military conducted an operation against the town. Fikri Sönmez was arrested and put into prison. He died of a heart attack in Amasya penitantiary on 4 May 1985.
He was survived by his wife Nurten Sönmez, he married in 1962, and his sons Naci and Yusuf.

</doc>
<doc id="36702899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702899" title="Abrar Osman Adem">
Abrar Osman Adem

Abrar Osman Adem (born January 1, 1994) is an Eritrean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 11th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702903" title="Abraham Kiplimo">
Abraham Kiplimo

Abraham Kiplimo (born 14 April 1989 in Suam, Kapchorwa District) is a Ugandan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 24th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final. At the 2011 World Championships in Athletics he failed to get past the heats of the 5000 m.
Kiplimo ran at the Rotterdam Marathon and placed eleventh in a time of 2:13:32 hours in his debut in the event. Herepresented his country in the marathon at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics and placed 19th overall. He had his first marathon win at the 2014 Beppu-Oita Marathon in Japan. His victory in a time of 2:09:23 hours (a personal best of over four minutes) marked the first time he had ranked within the top ten over the distance.

</doc>
<doc id="36702905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702905" title="Hassan Hirt">
Hassan Hirt

Hassan Hirt is a French long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 26th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702907" title="Yuki Sato (athlete)">
Yuki Sato (athlete)

Yuki Sato is a Japanese long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finished 27th overall in Round 1, and thus failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702909" title="David McNeill (athlete)">
David McNeill (athlete)

David McNeill (athlete) is an Australian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 29th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702913" title="Lisa Ann Karčić">
Lisa Ann Karčić

Lisa Ann Karčić (born in New York on 11 November 1986) is a Croatian American female basketball player.
At the EuroBasket Women 2011 she competed for the Croatian national team. Her best contribution was in the match against Latvia (best rebounder, 7 rebounds) and against Montenegro (8 rebounds).
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Croatian national team in the women's event. She is 6 ft 1 inches tall. 
She plays on the position of the post player and as the wing player.

</doc>
<doc id="36702914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702914" title="Olivier Irabaruta">
Olivier Irabaruta

Olivier Irabaruta (born 25 August 1990) is a Burundian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 30th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702918" title="Aziz Lahbabi">
Aziz Lahbabi

Aziz Lahbabi (born 3 February 1991 in Khenifra) is a Moroccan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 32nd overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.
He won his first international medal at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics, taking third place in the 5000 metres. He placed 13th at the senior race for the 2011 African Cross Country Championships, which was enough for a team bronze medal. He set a 5000 m best of 13:13.68 minutes that June, but was caught doping shortly afterwards, receiving a six month ban for methylhexanamine.
Lahbabi was a double medallist at the 2013 Mediterranean Games, taking 5000 m bronze and a 10,000 metres silver medal. He won his national championship in the 5000 m and was selected for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics, where he ran in the heats only. He won the Roma-Ostia Half Marathon in 2014 with a significant personal best of 59:25 minutes – a Moroccan record and the fastest by a non-East African runner.

</doc>
<doc id="36702922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702922" title="Soufiyan Bouqantar">
Soufiyan Bouqantar

Soufiyan Bouqantar (born 30 August 1993) is a Moroccan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 33rd overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final. At the 2013 Mediterranean Games, Bouqanter won a bronze medal in the Men's 10000 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="36702923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702923" title="Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway">
Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway

The Hegau–Ablach Valley Railway () is a branch line in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It runs from Radolfzell via Stockach to Mengen. The line was built as a mainline connection from Ulm via Lake Constance ("Bodensee") to Switzerland. Regular passenger services were abandoned between 1972 and 1982. Passenger services were reactivated on the southern section between Radolfzell and Stockach in 1996 and has since been operated under the brand name of "Seehäsle". The northern section from Stockach to Mengen is however only used for freight trains and passenger excursion trains. In 2005, it had to be temporarily closed because of the deterioration of the infrastructure on some sections.
Description of line and route.
The brand name "Seehäsle" is based on the brand name "Seehas" (named after a mythical "lake hare"), which is used for the S-Bahn-like services of the former Mittelthurgau-Bahn (now operated by THURBO, a subsidiary of the Swiss Federal Railways) in the Konstanz district on the line between Konstanz and Engen. The original name of the line as the Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway ("Hegau-Ablachtal-Bahn") is still common, as the line runs through the Hegau, running from the vicinity of Schwackenreute parallel with the Ablach river to Mengen. In Stahringen, the Lake Constance Belt Railway ("Bodenseegürtelbahn") branches from the Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway to Lindau.
History.
On 2 September 1859, an international meeting of delegates from the region between the Alps, Lake Constance and the Black Forest adopted a proposal for the construction of a railway line between Ulm, Lake Constance and the Black Forest. Railway committees were established in all the cities on the planned route.
These committees planned a new line from Ulm via Ehingen, Riedlingen, Mengen, Meßkirch, Stockach, Radolfzell, Singen, Schaffhausen, Waldshut and Säckingen to Basel and a branch from Meßkirch via Tuttlingen and Donaueschingen to Freiburg and beyond via the Rhine and the Vosges as far as Chaumont. They considered this route of great importance because it would be part of the shortest route between Vienna and Paris and would also gain importance as part of the shortest route from Berlin and Milan, running via Leipzig, Nuremberg, Ulm, Radolfzell, Schaffhausen and Zurich.
In 1866, the loose German Confederation collapsed, but the sovereign states of the Grand Duchy of Baden, the Kingdom of Prussia and the Kingdom of Württemberg signed trilateral treaties to promote the "transnational" rail project and its passage through the Prussian Hohenzollern Province.
These treaties permitted, among other projects, the construction of the Zollernalb Railway (Tübingen–Sigmaringen), the Danube Valley Railway (Ulm–Sigmaringen) and the Radolfzell–Mengen/Sigmaringen and Schwackereute–Altshausen lines. The lines would connect the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway and the Royal Württemberg State Railways at Sigmaringen, Mengen and Pfullendorf.
The two southern states committed to the precise routed planned so that that their lines could attract as much through traffic as possible. Württemberg began the construction from Ulm to Mengen, while Baden delayed its part of the project.
Construction of the Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway.
The construction of the Hegau-Ablach Valley between 1865 and 1873 by the Baden State Railways was preceded by consideration of the route by regional planning bodies and the local railway committees.
The Hegau-Ablach Valley was built in several sections and opened as follows.
The Radolfzell–Meßkirch section was built between 1866 and 1870. The embankment was designed for a two-track line, as were the stone abutments of the bridges, which can still be seen in the two main bridges between Mühlingen and Zizenhausen. However, it has never had more than one track north of Stahringen. The first section from Radolfzell to Stahringen and Stockach was opened on 20 July 1867. It was followed by the opening of the Stockach–Schwackenreute–Meßkirch section on 3 February 1870.
The continuation of the line between Meßkirch and Mengen needed to cross the Prussian Hohenzollern Province. Prussia did not seek to build its own railway in southern Germany but wished to see the two main cities of the province connected to the rail network of the neighbouring countries. In authorising the passage of the line through the Hohenzollern district of Krauchenwies, Prussia introduced the condition that Baden would have to build a branch line from Krauchenwies to Sigmaringen. Thus, the two lines, Meßkirch–Mengen and Krauchenwies–Sigmaringen, were then built at the expense of Baden in 1873. The two lines ran parallel to each other from Krauchenwies station through the royal park. In the park the remnants of the rail sidings and piers of the Ablach bridge mark the formerly double-track line. Further away, in the vicinity of the modern lakeside resort of Steidlesee, the Krauchenwies–Sigmaringen line branched off to the north. On 6 September 1873, the section from Meßkirch via Krauchenwies to Mengen was opened together with the line from Krauchenwies to Sigmaringen. Prussia also achieved a connection of the railways of neighbouring countries to the Hohenzollern Province in Hechingen without having to build its own rail network.
There was local resistance to the construction of branch lines from Meßkirch to Pfullendorf and from Meßkirch to Tuttlingen, although the route of the latter line had already been marked out. The engineer Robert Gerwig, who had designed the Black Forest Railway and the line from Radolfzell to Meßkirch, moved the planned railway junction at Meßkirch to a green fields site near Schwackereute. Schwackereute station was designed on a large site as a crossing station. So the Baden State Railways opened a connection from Schwackereute to Pfullendorf (the western part of the Altshausen–Schwackenreute railway) on 11 August 1873. A fork was also projected to the Black Forest to the west of Schwackereute, bypassing Tuttlingen to a junction with the Black Forest Railway in Hattingen. The plan was not executed but instead Württemberg built the Danube Valley from Mengen via Sigmaringen and Tuttlingen to Immendingen.
The regional function of the line was fulfilled only in part–no trains ran on the Ulm–Radolfzell route. On 1 November 1873, a fast pair of trains was introduced, requiring 100 minutes to run from Radolfzell via Mengen to Ulm, but in 1875 it was abandoned for lack of profitability as there was little demand. In 1879, the Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway was downgraded to a branch line. The whole line was now served by local trains, which stopped at all stations.
The line and the Second World War.
In the Second World War the Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway was involved in the war effort. From the summer of 1944, it had become apparent that the Allies had air supremacy in the south of the country. Low-flying air raids, unscathed by the barely functioning German air defences, targeted military and transport infrastructure.
On 24 July 1944, fighter-bombers attacked a freight train loaded with cattle between Bichtlingen and Meßkirch and a farmer and livestock trader and businessman from Messkirch was killed.
With progressive loss of air superiority during the day it was soon not possible to operate on the line. In early 1945, a train was fired on between Stockach and Schwackereute. Two 17 years boys aged were killed by machine-gun fire in the course on the way home from Überlingen.
On 22 February 1945, shortly before the end of the war, seven American Mosquito fighter-bombers attacked the major stations along the Singen–Mengen–Ulm line, as part of the Allied Operation Clarion, intending to make the line unusable through targeted attacks. They also targeted Singen, Stockach and Mengen. In Meßkirch fighter bombers fired on the station, a freight train and a shunting locomotive.
Between closure and preservation.
The route was closed by Deutsche Bundesbahn in stages, passenger traffic on the Krauchenwies–Mengen section were closed on 13 December 1954, all traffic ended on 1 September 1960 and this section of line was then dismantled. Here, the rails were removed from the Krauchenwies station premises to the connection with the siding to Dillmannschen sawmill near Mengen. The passenger services on the line between Meßkirch and Krauchenwies were closed on 1 June 1969. Not even three years later, on 28 May 1972, passenger services on the Stockach–Meßkirch section were closed. Ten years later, on 25 September 1982, this was followed by the closure of the southern section from Stockach to Radolfzell.
On 29 September 1986, at the initiative of the Tegometall company, the Krauchenwies–Mengen section was returned to service after it had been rebuilt with state subsidies for freight. A siding, which was about 900 meters long, was built south of Ablacher Straße to the company’s works. After the construction of two railway crossings on federal highway 311 and state highway 456 and the bridge over the Andelsbach, the line was ready for freight operations. The track from the Tegometall works to Mengen was officially classed as a"siding of Mengen station”, as on the same day, 29 September 1986, freight traffic was abandoned on the Meßkirch–Krauchenwies line. The line was formally closed on 1 March 1987, but it was reopened for freight traffic on 28 May 1989.
As a result of rail reform and regionalisation of the railways in the 1990s, there was a renaissance of rail transport, which also benefited the Hegau-Ablach Valley Railway. On 8 September 1996, the abandoned section between Stockach and Radolfzell was reactivated for passengers and operated by the Mittelthurgaubahn. The district of Constance (Konstanz) rented the section between Stahringen and Stockach from Deutsche Bahn, which let it fundamentally reorganise it.
Operations between Radolfzell and Stockach, 1996–2006.
Following the reactivation of the regional rail services in 1996, the "Seehäsle" services were operated by "Mittelthurgaubahn" using three prototypes of class GTW 2/6 diesel multiple units of Swiss manufacturer Stadler Rail (Bm 596 671–673). From 2005, two additional converted control cars were used because of the large demand for school transport.
After the liquidation of "Mittelthurgaubahn" in 2003, the operation was taken over by EuroTHURBO, which in turn was incorporated as part of the German SBB subsidiary "SBB GmbH" in 2005.
Due to frequent breakdowns of the GTW sets, a variety of replacement vehicles were used from 2001: these included a MAN railbus set (class VT 98 + VS 98) of the Hochwald Railway, a RegioSprinter of the Rurtalbahn GmbH and Regio-Shuttles of the "Hohenzollerische Landesbahn" (HzL). From October 2005 all three of the GTW sets were out of operations; they were replaced by a MAN railbus set and three NE 81 sets (built by DUEWAG and Waggon Union) owned by Bodensee-Oberschwaben-Bahn. It was only from 28 August 2006 that the two refurbished GTW were used again.
Since the GTW prototypes could not be made permanently operational and SBB GmbH demanded funding for replacement vehicles, the agreement between the district of Constance and SBB GmbH was terminated at the end of 2006. The GTW prototypes were sold through an intermediary to the Italian company Ferrovie del Sud Est.
Operations between Radolfzell and Stockach since 2006.
The HzL won the contracts for operations for both the periods of 2006–2008 and of 2009–2023. Until 2008 three NE 81 sets formerly operated by "Bodensee-Oberschwaben-Bahn" were used as an interim solution. Since they have been replaced by new Regio-Shuttle diesel multiple units (and the NE 81 sets were transferred to Südwestdeutsche Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft). Traffic is controlled from the HzL "Ringzug" (ring line) operations centre in Immendingen, where the railcars are also maintained. At peak times on weekdays services operate every half-hour between Radolfzell and Stockach. Outside the peaks and on weekends trains operate hourly, with convenient connections in Radolfzell towards Constance (Konstanz) and Singen, with generally poorer connections to the hourly services to Friedrichshafen.
In November 2008, all level crossings in Stahringen and Wahlwies were rebuilt and adapted to modern standards.

</doc>
<doc id="36702926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702926" title="List of airports in Western Australia">
List of airports in Western Australia

This is a list of airports in the Australian state of Western Australia.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36702927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702927" title="List of airports in Perth">
List of airports in Perth

This is a list of airports in Perth, Western Australia.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36702928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702928" title="Amanuel Mesel">
Amanuel Mesel

Amanuel Mesel Tikue is an Eritrean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 34th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702929" title="Barricade tape">
Barricade tape

Barricade tape is brightly colored tape (often incorporating a two-tone pattern of alternating yellow-black or red-white stripes or the words "Caution" or "Danger" in prominent lettering) that is used to warn or catch the attention of passersby of an area or situation containing a possible hazard. It acts as a minor impediment to prevent accidental entrance to that area or situation and as a result enhances general safety. 
Barricade tape is also known as construction tape or barrier tape or in reference to the safety hazard involved as caution tape, warning tape, danger tape or hazard tape. In case the tape is used by an organization the tape is named police tape, firefighter tape or traffic control device tape.
The tape is often wrapped and affixed as a visual warning sign and demarcation, for instance against entering a dangerous area, such as an industrial or commercial building site, a roadworks construction site or the scene of an accident or a crime (for crime scene preservation), or against handling inoperative machinery or appliances.
Description.
Barricade tape is made with durable, resilient, tear-proof plastic materials such as polyethylene, polypropylene, or nylon. It is at least 2 mm thick and 3 inches wide. However, different manufacturers offer different sizes and thicknesses of barricade tape. Other common sizes of barricade tape are 2, 4 or 6 inches wide and 4 or 10 mm thick.
Barricade tape often has a bright background and pre-printed bold warning text. It is also possible to purchase plain barricade tape and write a custom message on it. However, care should be taken when using custom tape, as all barricade tape designs are required to comply with Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and American National Standards Institute (ANSI) regulations (when used for purposes subject to regulation by these organizations).
OSHA and ANSI Requirements for Barricade Tape.
OSHA and ANSI provide precise specification for barricade tape colors. These are found in OSHA regulations 1910.22 and 1920.144 and ANSI Z535.5-2007, "Safety Tags and Barricade Tapes (for Temporary Hazards)". However, the dimension, thickness, and materials of the barricade tape are left the discretion of the manufacturer.
Different Types of Barricade Tape.
Barricade tape is used according to the color specifications set by OSHA and ANSI. Barricade tape may be use primarily as a safety precaution for various industries and procedures.
Construction Tape – is used in construction zones to notify people about ongoing construction and that there are possible hazards within the demarcated area. Construction tape usually employs a yellow-black color combination and incorporates printed text, such as "Under Construction", "Caution", "Work Zone", and "Keep Out" (among others). This type of barrier tape is commonly found at the site of renovations, demolition, and minor repairs.
Hazard Tape – is used in locations containing a substantial danger. Examples include electrocution hazards or areas within which there is a risk of exposure to toxic chemicals. Hazard tape is available in different color combinations, each of which indicates certain classes of threat. For example, yellow-black tape is used to signal the presence of a physical hazard (e.g., a hole), while magenta-yellow denotes a radiation hazard. This type of barrier tape is commonly used in laboratories, production areas, and industrial zones.
Traffic Control Device Tape – this type of barrier tape, as its name implies is used to control traffic, whether foot traffic or vehicle traffic. Traffic control device tapes are used as temporary traffic signal to redirect traffic during parade or whenever a road is closed. This are usually brightly colored, either in solid orange or orange-white combination.
Police Tape or Law Enforcement Tape – this type of barrier tape is used to isolate, protect and preserve a crime scene. Police tape is used to notify the public that an investigation is on going and that a particular area is restricted. This is usually seen with yellow-white color combination or in blue and white.
Firefighter Tape – serves the same purpose as police tape and hazard tape. Firefighter tape is used to isolate a particular area during or after a fire to keep the public away from fire-related risks (e.g., smoke inhalation, airborne particulate matter, and damaged structures).

</doc>
<doc id="36702932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702932" title="Javier Carriqueo">
Javier Carriqueo

Javier Carriqueo (born 29 May 1979 in San Martín de los Andes) is an Argentine middle and long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 37th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702934" title="Geofrey Kusuro">
Geofrey Kusuro

Geofrey Kusuro is a Ugandan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 38th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702936" title="Hussain Al-Hamdah">
Hussain Al-Hamdah

Hussain Jamaan Alhamdah is a Saudi Arabian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 39th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702939" title="Abdullah Al-Joud">
Abdullah Al-Joud

Abdullah Abdulaziz Al-Joud is a Saudi Arabian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 40th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.finishing 48th overall at Copenhagen Half Marathon 29-03-2014 with National Record of 1:2.57

</doc>
<doc id="36702949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702949" title="Ruben Sança">
Ruben Sança

Biography.
Ruben Pascal Sança (born December 13, 1986) is a Cape Verdean long-distance runner specializing in the marathon. Sança competed for the University of Massachusetts Lowell and currently trains under Gary Gardner as a member of the Whirlaway Racing Team. Sança is the current Cape Verdean record-holder at 3,000 m indoors at 8:07.50, the 5000 m indoors at 13:56.46, the 5000 m outdoors at 14:05.39, road 5 km at 14:11 and the marathon at 2:18:47.He was one of three members of the 2012 Cape Verdean Olympic Committee. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 5000 metres, finishing 41st overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final. Soon after the London Olympics, he underwent knee surgery to remove a benign tumor in his right knee, which had effected him throughout the Olympics. He returned to the marathon on April 21, 2014 by running 2:19:05, finishing 21st at the 2014 Boston Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36702956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702956" title="Ivan Horvat (pole vaulter)">
Ivan Horvat (pole vaulter)

Ivan Horvat (born 17 August 1993 in Osijek, Croatia) is a Croatian pole vaulter. He won the silver medal at the 2012 World Junior Athletics Championship in Barcelona. He also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he finished 20th.

</doc>
<doc id="36702980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702980" title="Yelena Nagovitsyna">
Yelena Nagovitsyna

Yelena Nagovitsyna (; born 7 December 1982 in Udmurtia) is a Russian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 5000 metres, finishing 9th overall in Round 1, qualifying for the final, finishing in 13th position. In her qualifying round she achieved her personal best at 5000 metres, with a time of 15.02.80.

</doc>
<doc id="36702982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702982" title="Erwin Friebel">
Erwin Friebel

Erwin Friebel (born 27 March 1983 in Delft) is a former Dutch professional footballer. He formerly played for RBC Roosendaal and Almere City .

</doc>
<doc id="36702990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702990" title="Almensh Belete">
Almensh Belete

Almensh Belete (born 26 July 1989 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian-born Belgian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 5000 metres, finishing 11th in her heat and 19th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702991" title="Judith Plá">
Judith Plá

Judith Plá Roig (born 2 May 1978 in Barcelona) is a Spanish long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 5000 metres, finishing 25th overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36702994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702994" title="Nikolina Horvat">
Nikolina Horvat

Nikolina Horvat (born 18 September 1986 in Zagreb) is a Croatian athlete. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics in 400 m hurdles event.

</doc>
<doc id="36702995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36702995" title="Sandra López">
Sandra López

Sandra López is a Mexican long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 5000 metres, finishing 33rd overall in Round 1, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36703003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703003" title="Mobli">
Mobli

Mobli is a social mobile photo and video-sharing website. As of November 2013 Mobli has 12 million users. 
The New York City-based company competes with similarly-purposed rivals Socialcam, Viddy and Instagram.
Design.
CEO and founder Moshe Hogeg said Mobli’s goal is to “make it possible to see what is happening in the world through other people’s eyes.”
Mobli's mobile app allows mobile sharing of photos and video recorded on mobile devices to its website where other users can view the content. Users can browse the websites content feeds in real time by location, subject, or uploader.
Hogeg compared the service to Instagram saying, “If the substance of Instagram is effects of pictures and shares, we want to offer the option of seeing what is happening at the Eiffel Tower or at Barcelona’s Camp Nou Stadium.”
Mobli apps were initially built in HTML5 but this approach was abandoned due to poor performance. The apps were re-built in native code on iOS and Android while dropping support for Blackberry in favor of Windows Phone. The new apps, also with a re-designed user experience, were slated to roll out in late 2012 starting with its Windows Phone app.
A stand-alone search product that emphasizes location, time and relevance is slated to launch in early 2013. The product has an "autotagging" feature that can recognize and identify certain objects from images.
Business model.
Mobli's main revenue stream is on-site advertising.
History.
Mobli was founded in 2010 by Moshe Hogeg, Yossi Shemesh and Emmanuel Merali.
Mobli found early success in celebrity investors including American actor Leonardo DiCaprio who invested $4 million in 2011. DiCaprio's social involvement on the site attracted other celebrities.
In May 2012, CEO Hogeg said the company was prioritizing increasing Mobli's installed base on mobile devices from three million to 10 million before focusing on turning a profit. Hogeg planned to experiment with money-making strategies such as selling virtual goods, promoting sponsored posts and displaying targeted advertising.
Mobli partnered with Tropfest to host the festival's first Micro Film Festival contest, run by Mobli investor, actor Tobey Maguire, on Mobli’s TropfestMicro channel, a channel Mobli calls “a film festival in your pocket.” The contest, announced by Maguire in June at Tropfest Las Vegas, uses the designated Mobli channel as the hub for submitting and viewing short-form videos until deadline in January 2013. The best video, selected by panel, receives $10,000 in winnings and will debut at Tropfest Australia 2013.
"The Canyons" used Mobli in July 2012 to cast the role of Caitlin, a role that went to Lauren Schacher who was one of 125 who submitted auditions using the platform.
In July 2012, Mobli announced tennis player Serena Williams had invested an undisclosed amount in Mobli.
In September 2012, Mobli was worth an estimated $100-300 million and Mobli said shared content had tripled over the previous two months. A series B venture round of funding to develop its platform and user base brought in $22 million including $20 million from Kazakhstani businessman Kenges Rakishev. Rakishev's funding earned him a spot on Mobli's board.
As of November 2012, Mobli has received two acquisition offers.
On November 6, 2013, Mobli announced that they raised 60 million dollars from América Móvil the Latin American telco giant led by billionaire Carlos Slim.
Popularity.
A photo of cyclist and Mobli investor Lance Armstrong relaxing in his trophy room and posted to Mobli by Armstrong in November 2012 accumulated more than 320,000 views in two days making it the most trafficked Mobli post for a 48-hour period.
Reception.
Francis Bea of Digital Trends said Mobli, which he called “ the YouTube of short-form video,” could succeed in debuting the next generation of Internet personalities with YouTube “beginning to sway under the weight of its own hosted talent.”
Mobli investor Kenges Rakishev said "Mobli has tremendous potential because it enables people to do something very powerful—to see the world through other people's eyes—in a simple, easy to use, and highly engaging format."
Company.
Mobli was founded in 2010 by chief executive officer Moshe Hogeg, vice president of product Yossi Shemesh and chief technology officer Emmanuel Merali.

</doc>
<doc id="36703004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703004" title="Nadia Noujani">
Nadia Noujani

Nadia Noujani is a Moroccan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 5000 metres, but did not finish her race.

</doc>
<doc id="36703006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703006" title="Liga Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola">
Liga Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola

Liga Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola ('General League of Angolan Workers', abbreviated LGTA) was an Angolan trade union organization in exile. Being based amongst Angolan refugees in neighbouring Congo-Kinshasa, LGTA was linked to the National Liberation Front of Angola (FNLA). During the 1960s, LGTA was the largest Angolan trade union outfit.
Founding.
LGTA was launched in order to counter the pro-MPLA exile trade union UNTA. The new organization was based in Leopoldville/Kinshasa (Congo). In its initial phase, LGTA received support from the Congolese trade union centre FGTK.
International affiliations.
LGTA joined the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions and AFRO (the regional ICFTU organization) in 1961. LGTA had around 1,500 members in the mid-1960s. LGTA received funding from ICFTU and AFL-CIO. This funding was passed on to the FNLA and the UPA.
Expansion of activities.
In 1963 LGTA conducted a modest expansion of its activities. It set up women's and youth wings, FLGTA and JLGTA. The youth wing was running educational programmes. Moreover the organization began organizing Angolan villagers in areas under the control of guerrillas.
Kassinda.
André Martins-Kassinda was appointed general secretary of LGTA. However, Kassinda rebelled against the FNLA leader Holden Roberto soon thereafter. On February 8, 1963 the LGTA executive sent a formal request to obtain membership in the FNLA, seeking to expand trade union activities and behind able to form a counter-weight to Holden. Eventually breaking with Holden, Kassinda charged the FNLA with 'tribalism'. Kassinda's new political outfit, the Angolan People's Council, launched a new trade union, UGTA. After the Kassinda split, Pedro Barreiro Lulendo became the new LGTA secretary. Pedro Rana was administrative secretary and Pierre Naninthela was the regional secretary for Congo.
Later period.
By the early 1970s, LGTA claimed to have 33,000 members. The African-American Labor Center and the "Union nationale des travailleurs congolais" (later renamed "Union nationale des travailleurs zaïrois", UNTZa) organized joint seminars and courses for organizers of LGTA and the Catholic union CGTA, focusing on labour history, organizing, administration and rural cooperatives. By October 1971 some 115 Angolan exiled unionists had participated in these trainings. In 1973 an Italian union helped LGTA set up its own training centre.
On September 22, 1973 LGTA merged with CGTA, forming "Central Sindical Angolana" ('Angolan Trade Union Centre', CSA).

</doc>
<doc id="36703008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703008" title="Leo Minaya">
Leo Minaya

Leo L. Minaya (February 1, 1984) is an American film actor. He acquired recognition from his role in the Sundance mega hit Manito (when he was only seventeen) and as America Ferrera's love interest, Sal, in How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer. His first starring role came in the form of gay paraplegic Morgan Oliver in the 2012 film "Morgan" directed by Michael Akers. In addition to being his first starring performance, it was also his first time playing a gay character.
Biography.
Apparently born on an airplane, Leosandro "Leo" Minaya grew up with his mother and four siblings in Washington Heights, Manhattan. Always outgoing, bright, and creative, he wrote, directed, and produced his first play in fifth grade. His first acting jobs were school plays, starting in middle school, by which time he says he decided to become a professional actor.

</doc>
<doc id="36703017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703017" title="Kapur Singh Ghuman">
Kapur Singh Ghuman

Kapur Singh Ghuman was a Punjabi writer and theatre personality. He was awarded Sahitya Academy Awardin 1984 for his Punjabi play Pagal Lok. He was director of Punjab Languages Department. He was born in 1927 and died in a car accident in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36703020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703020" title="Richard Benson (disambiguation)">
Richard Benson (disambiguation)

Richard Benson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703024" title="AIDA (spacecraft)">
AIDA (spacecraft)

The Asteroid Impact & Deflection Assessment (AIDA) mission is a proposed space probe under development by the European Space Agency, which would study the effects of crashing a spacecraft into an asteroid. The mission is intended to test whether a spacecraft could successfully deflect an asteroid on a collision course with Earth. The project was formed by joining two separate studies, called 'DART' (an asteroid impact probe) and 'AIM' (an asteroid orbiter). 
The target is 65803 Didymos, a binary system in which one asteroid is orbited by a smaller one. In the AIDA mission, the DART spacecraft would impact the smaller of the asteroids and AIM would study the effect on its orbit around the larger asteroid, as well as studying the geology of the two asteroids. Both spacecraft would be able to operate independently, so that if one failed, the other could still achieve science goals. 
The mission is still in the planning stages and no launch date has been proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="36703026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703026" title="Nguse Tesfaldet">
Nguse Tesfaldet

Nguse Tesfaldet Amlosom (born 10 November 1986 in Asmara) is an Eritrean long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 10,000 metres, finishing 15th overall.
Nguse's international debut came at the 2011 Military World Games, where he placed fourth in the 10,000 m with a personal best of 29:05.26 minutes. The following year he came 19th at the 2012 African Cross Country Championships. He showed much improved form in the racing circuit: he ran a 10,000 m best of 27:28.10 minutes, a 10K run best of 28:19 minutes, and won the Zwolle Half Marathon with a time of 61:39 minutes. After his Olympic performance he came third at the Zevenheuvelenloop and runner-up at the Cross de l'Acier.
In his first appearance at a major world race, he came 61st at the 2013 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. He achieved a half marathon best of 60:46 minutes at the Yangzhou Jianzhen International Half Marathon in April.

</doc>
<doc id="36703027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703027" title="Mitchell Kappenberg">
Mitchell Kappenberg

Mitchell Kappenberg (born 5 May 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer, who currently plays for Ter Leede in the Dutch Topklasse. He formerly played for Almere City and Chiangrai United.

</doc>
<doc id="36703030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703030" title="Thomas Ayeko">
Thomas Ayeko

Thomas Ayeko (born 10 February 1992 in Kapkorosoi, Bukwa District) is a Ugandan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the 10,000 metres, finishing 16th overall.
His international debut came at the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where he came 18th and helped Uganda to the junior bronze team medals. His junior career took off the following year as he was the junior silver medallist behind Geoffrey Kipsang at the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, then won bronze medals in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres at the 2011 African Junior Athletics Championships. Ayeko stepped into the senior category in 2012 and began to focus on track running, running a 5000 m best of 13:23.25 minutes for second at the Memorial Primo Nebiolo and a 10,000 m best of 27:43.22 minutes in Birmingham.
After his Olympic debut, he began 2013 on grass and won the Antrim Cross Country before taking second at the Cross de San Sebastián. He placed fourth at the Cinque Mulini a month later. He was runner-up to Peter Kibet at that year's Ugandan 10,000 m championship race and went on to place eleventh at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics with a personal best run of 27:40.96 minutes. He made his half marathon debut at the Great Birmingham Run in October and won the race in a time of 1:02:32 hours. A week later he came third at the Great South Run 10-miler.

</doc>
<doc id="36703035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703035" title="Ben St Lawrence">
Ben St Lawrence

Ben St Lawrence is an Australian long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 10000 metres, finishing 20th overall. He won the 2012 Thrupp Street Gift, beating Adam Stephen by a nose.

</doc>
<doc id="36703056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703056" title="Yekaterina Galitskaya">
Yekaterina Galitskaya

Yekaterina Galitskaya is a Russian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703060" title="Shermaine Williams">
Shermaine Williams

Shermaine Williams is a Jamaican hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.
She is an alumnus of Johnson C. Smith University.

</doc>
<doc id="36703061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703061" title="Fabian Serrarens">
Fabian Serrarens

Fabian Serrarens (born 9 February 1991 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36703062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703062" title="Yuliya Kondakova">
Yuliya Kondakova

Yuliya Andreyevna Kondakova (Ю́лия Андре́евна Кондако́ва; born 4 December 1981 in Leningrad, Soviet Union) is a Russian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles .
Her personal bests are 12.73 in the 100 meters hurdles (2013) and 7.93 in the indoor 60 meters hurdles (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="36703063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703063" title="John J. Bradley">
John J. Bradley

John J. Bradley (1831 New York City – August 24, 1891 Mahopac, Putnam County, New York) was an American politician from New York and one of the members of the infamous Tweed Ring.
Life.
He ran a large livery yard on the corner of Fourth Avenue and 18th Street. He was a Councilman (57th D.) in 1856, and an Alderman (14th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (6th D.) in 1862 and 1863. 
He was again a member of the New York State Senate (7th D.) from 1868 to 1871, sitting in the 89th, 90th, 91st and 92nd New York State Legislatures. 
In April 1870, he succeeded his brother-in-law Peter B. Sweeny as City Chamberlain and County Treasurer, and remained in office until January 6, 1872, when he resigned. Afterwards he resumed his business, and moved the stable to 8 East 31st Street.

</doc>
<doc id="36703071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703071" title="Lina Flórez">
Lina Flórez

Lina Marcela Flórez Valencia (born 2 November 1984 in Carepa, Antioquia) is a Colombian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703072" title="Brigitte Merlano">
Brigitte Merlano

Brigitte María Merlano Pájaro (born 29 April 1982 in Barranquilla) is a Colombian hurdler. Her first name is also spelled Briggite or Brigith. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703074" title="Noemi Zbären">
Noemi Zbären

Noemi Zbären (born 12 March 1994 in Langnau im Emmental) is a Swiss hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles, coming 6th in her heat with a time of 13.33 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36703077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703077" title="Ashes to Ashes (mixtape)">
Ashes to Ashes (mixtape)

Ashes To Ashes is the second mixtape by American rapper Rick Ross, it was released on December 24, 2010. The mixtape features guest appearances from T.I., Ludacris, Wiz Khalifa, Wale, Meek Mill, Chester French, Aaliyah, Ne-Yo and Birdman.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Ashes to Ashes" was met with generally favorable reviews from music 
critics. Jonah Weiner of "Rolling Stone" gave the mixtape three out of five stars, saying "On this mixtape — too uneven to match the gruff grandeur of 2010's Teflon Don, but featuring some thunderous production by Lex Luger and Boi-1da — Ross brags with such actorly gusto you don't really notice (or care) how little sense he makes: "I'm smokin' dope! I'm on my cellphone!" he roars on "9 Piece". That shouldn't sound impressive, but with Ross pitching it, it does." Tom Breihan of Pitchfork Media gave the mixtape a 7.1 out of ten, saying "The tape moves from bangers to slick, more meditative tracks before returning to bangers, and it might work better if it were all bangers, all the time. Ross knows he's onto something with "B.M.F.", and he sounds more urgent and alive over churning minor-key trunk-slams than over just about everything else. But other than one godawful chorus from the Chester French chump, the whole thing comes off slick and professional-- more than enough to tide the world over in the brief period between Ross albums. And it ends on a deliriously high note: "Another One", an early glimpse of Ross' new Bugatti Boyz duo with Diddy, one of the only guys alive who can match Ross in sheer, infectious money-zest. These two sound just awesome together, Diddy inhabiting Ross' flow and Ross relishing his violent punchlines just a little bit more. This guy is just having fun with us now." 
David Amidon of PopMatters gave the mixtape a five out of ten, saying "Obviously, it’s a bit silly to complain about free music, and while Ross feels like a bit player in his own game once again, it mostly works to this tape’s advantage because of his weaknesses on the mic. So Ashes to Ashes succeeds in its main goals of keeping Ross in the public eye and verifying his ear for production. But it’s not going to win any new fans the way Albert Anastasia or Teflon Don did, and unless the production is way your thing, it’s going to be hard to find reasons to come back for multiple spins of the longplay. Ashes to Ashes has a nice sound to it, but aside from the monstrous Bugatti Boyz (Diddy & Rick Ross) track that closes things out, it’s hard to point fingers at anything truly memorable. If you downloaded the mixtape the day it was released, though, it’s worth revisiting in this updated edition, because “Made Men” featuring Drake and “Pandemonium” were added to the tracklist earlier this month, and they definitely add some vitality to the proceedings."

</doc>
<doc id="36703078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703078" title="Anastassiya Soprunova">
Anastassiya Soprunova

Anastasiya Soprunova (born 14 January 1986 in Ust Kamenogorsk) is a Kazakhstani hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703080" title="Natalya Ivoninskaya">
Natalya Ivoninskaya

Natalya Ivoninskaya (born 22 February 1985 in Astana) is a Kazakhstani hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703083" title="Lavonne Idlette">
Lavonne Idlette

Lavonne Idlette (born October 31, 1985 in Miami) is a Dominican Republic hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703089" title="Jung Hye-lim">
Jung Hye-lim

Jung Hye-Lim (born 1 July 1987) is a South Korean hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles. In her home country, she was nicknamed "the "eoljjang" hurdler" for her pretty appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="36703093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703093" title="Rosvitha Okou">
Rosvitha Okou

Rosvitha Okou is an Ivorian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703094" title="Anastassiya Pilipenko">
Anastassiya Pilipenko

Anastassiya Pilipenko (née Vinogradova; born 13 September 1986 in Almaty, Kazakh S.S.R.) is a Kazakhstani hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703095" title="The Real Is Back 2">
The Real Is Back 2

The Real Is Back 2 is the eleventh mixtape by American rapper Young Jeezy, it was released on September 3, 2011. The Mixtape features guest appearances from Birdman, Freddie Gibbs, JW, Slick Pulla, 211, Scrilla, and Yo Gotti.
Reception.
Critical response.
Ralph Bristout of XXL said "The team of Snow and Dram remains as strong as ever, as the Gangsta Grillz installment features a blizzard of chest-thumping bangers (“Chicken No Flour,” “Grizzly”) and hard-hitting production (“Bandana”). Other highlights include Freddie Gibbs’s performance, as the former XXL Freshman lands on the eleven track tape four times. The pairing of Jeezy and Gangsta Gibbs typically yields impressive results, especially on the block anthem “Gotta See This". On the stirring closer, “Hood Nigga Anthem,” Jeezy offers a moment of a challenge, wondering, “Fuck hoes/Life’s a bitch, nigga/Who you gon replace me with?/These niggas?/Y’all crazy/Never cease to amaze me.” Served as an appetizer to TM103, The Real Is Back 2 is full of that uncut raw from the famous Trapstar, supplying plenty big beats and signature birdplay. The real has returned." 
Phillip Mlynar at HipHopDX said "Beyond "The Real Is Back 2's" buzz-building function though, it also introduces the subplot of Freddie Gibbs' role in the CTE empire. Granted verse time on a quartet of tracks, the blend of Gibbs and Jeezy works stylistically, with the Gary gangsta's fleeter flow often flipping into double time and embellishing Jeezy's economic and guttural voice to smart effect. But too often Gibbs still sounds like a rapper yet to find the voice he's comfortable with. As singular in subject matter as Jeezy's trap raps can be, he always sounds like he believes what he's spitting, even when he's one-upping Kanye by claiming to use "Louis Vuitton toilet paper." In his new mentor's shadow though, Gibbs still veers between wanting to establish himself as a new generation Scarface who pens nuanced gangsta narratives and going with his baser, street-centered instincts. His contributions here don't offer a solution, but at least rolling with CTE will give Gibbs the benefit of a consistent production sound."

</doc>
<doc id="36703096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703096" title="Galatasaray Women's Water Polo Team">
Galatasaray Women's Water Polo Team

Galatasaray Women's Water Polo Team is the water polo team of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray S.K..
In 2012, Galatasaray Men's Water Polo Team won Turkish Water Polo Championship Cup.
Current squad.
"As of August 12, 2012" 

</doc>
<doc id="36703098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703098" title="Kadarpur Nanu">
Kadarpur Nanu

Kadarpur Nanu is a small village in Bijnaur district in the state of Western Uttar Pradesh, India.
History.
Kadarpur Nanu was established by three people around 80 years ago. The village has a temple built on a well. 
Vidur Kuti is about 58 km from Kadarpur Nanu. Vidur spent his rest of life after dispute with Duryodhan. This is the place where Lord Krishana visited. Kanva Ashram is an ashram in a broken condition near Rawli town according to the legend "Abhigyan Shakuntalam". Hastinapur's King Dushyant reached there while hunting and fell in love with Shakuntala at first sight. During Mahabharat when the battle between Kauravas and Pandavas was about to begin, then on the request of both the sides, all wives and children were to be guardianed by Mahatma Vidur. He had insufficient space for them so he found an area for ladies and children, which is now known as Daranagar.
Ganj is 52 km from Kadarpur Nanu and 12 km from the District HQ and 1 km from Daranagar on the banks of the Ganges. There are ancient temples and ashrams.
Historical places – "Daaku Sultana fort(Najibabad)", Kho bairaj ( Sherkot) and Ram Ganga Bairaj (Harewali)

</doc>
<doc id="36703099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703099" title="Herbert Reich">
Herbert Reich

Herbert Reich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703101" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's 800 metres">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's 800 metres

The Men's 800 metres competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. The event were held at the University Olympic Stadium on October 13–15.
Competition format.
The competition had seven heats in the first round, two semi-finals and a final. The top two in the first round heats progressed, as did the four fastest non-qualifiers. The top four finishers in the semi-final race reached the finals.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Round 1.
Qual. rule: first 2 of each heat (Q) plus the 4 fastest times (q) qualified.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
Qual. rule: first 4 of each heat (Q) qualified.
Group 1
Heat 2

</doc>
<doc id="36703106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703106" title="Marthe Koala">
Marthe Koala

Marthe Koala is a Burkinabe hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703107" title="Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing">
Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing

The Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing (HBSON) is the nursing school of Hunter College, a public university that is a constituent organization of the City University of New York (CUNY). It is located on the Brookdale Campus, at East 25th Street and 1st Avenue in Kips Bay, near Bellevue Hospital Center. The school is recognized by the National League for Nursing as a Center of Excellence in Nursing Education and is the flagship nursing program for CUNY.
History.
The nation's first nursing school based on Florence Nightingale's principles, the Training School for Nurses, opened at Bellevue in 1873. Sister Helen Bowdin of the All Saints Sisterhood in London was the first Superintendent.
In 1952, the administration of the Bellevue Schools of Nursing and the Bellevue Hospital Nursing Service was split for the first time with Associate Directors. In 1954, the school moved to the new building that is Hunter-Bellevue's current location and enrolled in the National Student Nurses' Association.
In 1967, an agreement with Hunter College was reached to transfer the Bellevue facilities to Hunter. In 1969, the final students in the diploma program were graduated.
Hunter began educating nurses in 1943 and admitted the first enrollees in the Basic Collegiate Nursing Program leading to a Bachelor of Science (Nursing) degree in 1955 and to the graduate program leading to a Master of Science (Nursing) in 1961.
The Hunter College Department of Nursing then expanded and moved to the facilities of the Bellevue Hospital School of Nursing in 1969 as the latter program was absorbed by Hunter Department of Nursing. From June 1974 until it became independent again in 2008, Hunter-Bellevue Nursing School was part of the Division of the Schools of the Health Professions of Hunter College.
In September 2012, plans were announced for a new campus for HBSON at 525 East 73rd Street in Manhattan near the main Hunter campus.
Academic programs.
Undergraduate Programs.
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Graduate Programs.
The Master of Science in Nursing degree is offered in the following areas:
Doctorate in Nursing.
The Doctor of Nursing Practice degree is offered in the following areas:
Accreditation.
The Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing Baccalaureate and Master's programs are accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE) through 2020.
Organizations.
The Alpha Phi Chapter at Hunter-Bellevue is the 43rd chapter of the Sigma Theta Tau International honor society of nursing, chartered in 1970.
The Hunter Student Nurses' Association is a chapter of the Nursing Students’ Association of New York which is a member of the National Student Nurses' Association.
Ranking.
The graduate nursing program is ranked #99 by the U.S. News Best Grad School Rankings.
In 2012, the passing rate for Hunter-Bellevue graduates taking the NCLEX RN for the first time was 117 of 122 or 95.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="36703108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703108" title="Dipna Lim Prasad">
Dipna Lim Prasad

Dipna Lim Prasad (born June 7, 1991) is a Singaporean sprinter and hurdler, who competes internationally for Singapore. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles. Dipna specialises in the 100 metres hurdles but also competes in the 100 metres, 200 metres, 400 metres hurdles and 4 x 400 metres relay.
Dipna holds the 100m Hurdles Women's National Record and Junior Record for Singapore. In 2013, she also became the 400m Hurdles National Record Holder. Dipna represented Singapore in the IAAF World Athletic Championships; IAAF World Indoor Championships; South East Asian Games; Asian Athletic Championships; Asian Indoor Athletic Championships
Dipna graduated from the Singapore Sports School in 2007. She holds a diploma in Sports and Exercise Science from Auckland University of Technology. As of 2010, she is an undergraduate of local Singaporean university, Nanyang Technological University.

</doc>
<doc id="36703109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703109" title="Silvia Panguana">
Silvia Panguana

Silvia Panguana is a Mozambiquan hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 100 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703112" title="Latoya Greaves">
Latoya Greaves

Latoya Greaves is a Jamaican hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was due to compete in the Women's 100 metres hurdles but did not start.

</doc>
<doc id="36703117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703117" title="Devotion (Jessie Ware album)">
Devotion (Jessie Ware album)

Devotion is the debut studio album by English recording artist Jessie Ware. It was released in the United Kingdom on 20 August 2012. Production for the album came primarily from Dave Okumu of alternative rock band The Invisible, alongside Julio Bashmore and Kid Harpoon. 
On 15 April 2013, the album was re-released as "Devotion - The Gold Edition". It includes a bonus disc with four tracks, two of which are previously unreleased, including a new single, "Imagine It Was Us." One day later, this version of the album was released in the United States under its original title.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Devotion" received general acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 85, based on 27 reviews, which indicates "universal acclaim".
Mike Diver of BBC Music wrote, ""Devotion" is the sort of sophisticated, soulful pop record that comes along all too rarely, a collection that never hides the heart on its sleeve. Down-tempo it may be, but no listener will come away downcast. Overlook the relatively low chart positions for Running and 110%, as they're hardly indicative of the quality on display. Ware never stretches for an out-of-reach note; she never gives her songs over to hyperbole or bombast. Throughout, there is a well-measured, well-mannered elegance that engages with more efficiency than many an artist dressing their material up as The Next Big Thing. There's nothing 'next' about Ware: she's here, now, and superb".
Tim Jonze of "The Guardian" wrote, "Sophisticated, smooth and sensual, in the wrong hands Devotion could easily have been a footnote in the New Boring movement, that vibrant strain of youth culture that has already given us Emeli Sandé, Adele and Bruce Springsteen concerts that wrestle with the spacetime continuum itself. Yet Jessie Ware's debut album is saved by one fact: for all her album's poise and restraint, dance music clearly runs through this 27-year-old south Londoner's veins. Throughout Devotion you're never told to sit up and pay attention. Instead it quietly works its magic, a genuinely individual statement by an artist who didn't expect to become a pop star, but might struggle to stop it happening anyway – after all, the groove is in her heart".
At the end of 2012, "The Guardian" named Jessie Ware's Devotion number 3 of Best Albums of 2012, saying "Ware brought disparate fragments together to make something almost seamless. In doing so she made a record that was both classy but accessible. She was nominated for the Mercury prize and her songs were featured in the TV coverage of our golden summer of sport".
Commercial performance.
"Devotion" debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart, selling 9,319 copies in its first week.
"110%".
In late 2012 the song titled "110%" had to be changed to "If You're Never Gonna Move" due to legal problems with the clearance of a sample of "Dream Shatterer" by Big Punisher, which was an integral part of the song (the title itself was a play on another of Big Punisher's tracks, "100%"). "If You're Never Gonna Move" contains a similar-sounding sample instead.

</doc>
<doc id="36703124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703124" title="2012 Tatarstan Open – Singles">
2012 Tatarstan Open – Singles

Yulia Putintseva was the defending champion, but chose not to participate.
Kateryna Kozlova won the title defeating Tara Moore in the final 6–3, 6–3.

</doc>
<doc id="36703134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703134" title="Hanna Titimets">
Hanna Titimets

Hanna Titimets (born 5 March 1989) is a Ukrainian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703136" title="Sara Petersen (athlete)">
Sara Petersen (athlete)

Sara Petersen is a Danish hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703139" title="Sharolyn Scott">
Sharolyn Scott

Sharolyn Scott Norman (born 27 October 1983 in Limón) is a Costa Rican hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703141" title="Indie Games Uprising">
Indie Games Uprising

The Indie Games Uprising is a developer led event designed to promote the "best of the best" Xbox Live Indie Games. The promotion was originally conceived by Robert Boyd of Zeboyd Games and Ian Stocker of MagicalTimeBean, when they noticed that they both had games coming out in the same time frame.
Promotions.
Indie Games Winter Uprising.
The first Indie Games Uprising launched in December, 2010. The promotion was curated by developers Robert Boyd and Ian Stocker. Notable releases include Cthulhu Saves the World, "Soulcaster II", Decimation X3 by Xona Games, and "ZP2KX: Zombies & Pterodactyls!" by Ska Studios. Boyd reported "spotty results" from the promotion, and cited developer's inability to set release dates on their games as a major issue. Shortly after the promotion, Microsoft allowed developers to select release dates for their games.
Indie Games Summer Uprising.
Journalist Dave Voyles and Indie Games Winter Uprising developer Kris Steele of Fun Infused Games coordinated the second Indie Games Uprising. The Indie Games Summer Uprising opened up game submissions to the public, and were then narrowed down through rounds of voting. The Summer Uprising launched on August 22, 2011 and released one title daily from Monday through Friday. While developers reported a varying range of sales, "Cute Things Dying Violently" sold over 10,000 copies in its first month of release.
Indie Games Uprising III.
The Indie Games Uprising III, scheduled to start on September 10, 2012, was curated by developer Michael Hicks and Summer Uprising coordinator Dave Voyles. Hicks expressed his interest in another promotion after he noticed a number of "exciting" games would be released around the same time as his own title "Sententia". Notable games include "Gateways" by the creator of The Adventures of Shuggy, and "qrth-phyl" from hermitgames, developer of the critically acclaimed "Leave Home".
Support.
Though not officially involved, Microsoft has supported the first two Indie Games Uprisings with front page dashboard promotions on Xbox Live.

</doc>
<doc id="36703143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703143" title="Jailma de Lima">
Jailma de Lima

Jailma Sales de Lima (born 31 December 1986 in Taperoa, Paraíba) is a Brazilian track and field hurdler. 
Career.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703146" title="Janeil Bellille">
Janeil Bellille

Janeil Bellille is a Trinidadian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703149" title="Raasin McIntosh">
Raasin McIntosh

Raasin McIntosh (born 29 April 1982 in Texas) is a Liberian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703152" title="Lucy Jaramillo">
Lucy Jaramillo

Lucy María del Carmen Jaramillo Ogonaga (born 23 February 1983 in San Vicente de Pusir, Carchi) is an Ecuadorian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703153" title="Natalya Asanova">
Natalya Asanova

Natalya Asanova is a Uzbekistani hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703157" title="Maureen Jelagat Maiyo">
Maureen Jelagat Maiyo

Maureen Jelagat Maiyo is a Kenyan hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703162" title="Ghofrane Mohammad">
Ghofrane Mohammad

Ghofrane Mohammad (born 6 June 1989) is a Syrian hurdler from Aleppo. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 400 metres hurdles. She did not advance from round 1 and was later disqualified for testing positive for methylhexaneamine.

</doc>
<doc id="36703166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703166" title="Sweet Nothing (Calvin Harris song)">
Sweet Nothing (Calvin Harris song)

"Sweet Nothing" is a song by Scottish singer-songwriter and producer Calvin Harris from his third studio album, "18 Months" (2012). It features vocals from Florence Welch, the lead singer of the English indie rock band Florence and the Machine. Harris previously worked with the band in a remix of their single "Spectrum" (2012).
While recording "18 Months", Harris expressed interest in working with Welch. He mentioned that it was not easy and he had to chase her, due to her schedule. Welch accepted the invitation and the two recorded "Sweet Nothing". The track premiered on "The Chris Moyles Show" on BBC Radio 1 on 28 August 2012 and was later released as the fifth single from the album on 12 October 2012.
"Sweet Nothing" is an EDM song, with love-strung vocals and a bouncy, ever-building beat. Lyrically, it talks about a romance with no depth, where the protagonist is receiving "sweet nothing". Critical reception of "Sweet Nothing" was positive, with many critics praising its production and Welch's vocals. The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, marking Harris' first number-one single as a main artist in the United Kingdom since his 2009 single, "I'm Not Alone". The song is also Welch's first top-ten hit in the United States. "Sweet Nothing" was nominated for Best Dance Recording at the 56th Grammy Awards.
The music video for the song, directed by Vincent Haycock, premiered on 20 September 2012. In the video, Welch works as a singer at a dingy bar/strip club, pouring the pain and frustration of her unfulfilled life and abusive relationship into every revealing and explosive performance. However, after recognising the benefits of her seedy environment, she plots to rid herself of at least one problem.
Background and development.
On 30 July 2012, Calvin Harris stated via his Twitter account that his third studio album would be released at the end of October 2012. In an interview with 4Music, Harris explained that the album would be "like a compilation, a NOW album with me all over it." While recording for his then-upcoming album, "18 Months", Calvin wanted to collaborate with Florence Welch. He has previously worked with Florence and the Machine, her band, when he contributed a remix of their single "Spectrum" (2012). It eventually peaked at number-one on the UK Singles Chart.
He told MTV News that the thrill of the chase only made her vocal contribution that much more special. Harris' history with Florence started far before the year and a half he dedicated to making the album. He further explained:
"I met Florence for the first time end of 2007 and the first time I ever saw her in my life, it was like weird corporate and I walked into the green room and she was definitely drunk, getting a piggy back off someone in her band, like with a bottle of champagne, screaming. And I thought 'I like this girl.'... And in the years [since she just actually grew up. I wasn't expecting that," he said. "I thought she was a cool kid, one of those people who come and go and then she just smashed it." He added, "Now Florence is Florence. She's cool as f--- as well."
To record the track, "I really had to chase Welch and, once I got that vocal, I made one of the best records I've ever made," Harris explained. He further explained, saying that, "With Florence, she was really busy at that time. She was in the middle of a tour and she had like three days to record something, so I wasn't there, anything could've come back." Calvin was pressed for time when he got the call and finding out Florence would do the vocals on "Sweet Nothing." He hadn't started working on the song and scrambled to give her a track to record the vocals on. He commented to Rolling Stone that, "I didn't think she'd do it. She seemed a really unattainable artist to reach for. I think she would've done it if the song was right and the people were right and it was all at the right time. I did a remix for her and she owed me a favor – I guess part of it was that."
"Sweet Nothing" first premiered on The Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1, on 28 August 2012 and was released as the fifth single from the album, on 14 October 2012.
Composition.
"Sweet Nothing" was written by Calvin Harris, Florence Welch and Kid Harpoon, while production was handled by Harris. He also serves as the arranger and plays all instruments of the track. The song was recorded by Harpoon and mastered by Simon Dave. Welch, from the band Florence and the Machine, is the vocalist of the track. It is an electronic dance music song, following the familiar pattern of taking love-strung vocals and layering them over a bouncy, ever-building beat. It also incorporates laser-like and ping beats. The tale of "Sweet Nothing" is a romance with no depth. It is a relationship of "sweet nothing." "You took my heart and you held it in your mouth/ And with a word all my love came rushing out/ And every whisper, it's the worst, emptied out by a single word," Welch begins the track. It's not long before the recording kicks into high gear with a massive building dance floor ready chorus.
Critical reception.
"Sweet Nothing" received generally favourable reviews from music critics. After its premiere on the radio, Robbie Daw of Idolator stated, "If there was any doubt as to whether Harris is the current king of frothy, radio-friendly dance pop on both sides of the Atlantic, one need only listen to this energetic jam." Sangeeta Nambi of "She Knows Entertainment" gave the song a positive review, praising "Harris' electro-dance beats," calling it "hypnotizing and trance inducing." Nambi also praised Welch's "tamed" vocals, writing that, "Even though she's tame, we still feel her presence in the flecks of character she throws in while singing the mournful lyrics." Chris Smith of Yahoo! UK called it "a pop pairing made in heaven", writing, "The club friendly track features Calvin's latest knob twiddling genius that never seems to get old despite debuting in last year's monster anthem 'We Found Love'. Flo's vocal again lends itself effortlessly to the track—it's somehow difficult to understand why she hadn't ventured into this territory before. 'Sweet Nothing' manages to sound anthemic without needing the big drop." Jason Lipshut of "Billboard" was very positive, writing, "The bass glimmers underneath Welch's operatic chants, as the singer, freed momentarily from her well-oiled Machine, gets to re-imagine her career as a dance goddess. It delivers its irresistible throb via a special voice." Rebecca Nicholson of "The Guardian" called it "the highlight of "18 Months"." Emily Mackay of "NME" agreed, stating that "the highest point apart is Florence's dance-diva turn on the p-p-p-p-powing power-house of 'Sweet Nothing'." Adam Pollock of "Filter" magazine opined, "A thrilling guest vocal by Florence Welch adds an excitingly dark vibe to the album, which for the most part stays in booty-shaking mode."
Bill Lamb of About.com rated the song three-and-a-half out of five stars, calling it "satisfying as a pop radio treat, but it leaves fans hoping for something just a little deeper and more memorable." He criticised the song for "failing to go much further beyond the arresting opening," however he wrote that "Calvin Harris' disco-inflected pop remains irresistible." Tim Sendra of AllMusic was mixed, writing that "Florence Welch's desperate wail that pushes is over the top." Melissa Maerz of "Entertainment Weekly" agreed, writing that "Welch's banshee wail gets buried under the laser-gun peals of 'Sweet Nothing'." Robert Copsey of Digital Spy felt that the song "lacked originality and felt more like attempt to fit in rather than stand out."
Commercial performance.
United Kingdom.
In the UK midweeks charts, "Sweet Nothing" was ahead of Swedish House Mafia, knocking their track "Don't You Worry Child" into second place. On 21 October 2012, the single topped the UK Singles Chart, becoming their second number one single in three months, following Harris's remix of Florence and the Machine's "Spectrum (Say My Name)" in topping the UK chart. It is also Harris' fifth number one single in the UK either as a solo or featured artist. On 27 October 2012, the song dropped to number 3. In its third week, it fell to number 6.
Oceania.
The song was a huge success in Australia, debuting at number 2 on the ARIA Charts week of 28 October 2012. In its second week, it remained at number 2, while in its third week, it fell only to number 2. It remained to further weeks at the top-ten, before falling on the charts. In its twelfth week, the song gave a climb from number 36 to number 25. "Sweet Nothing" was certified 2x Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of 140,000 copies. In New Zealand, the song repeated the same success, debuting at number 2 on the RIANZ chart week of 22 October 2012. It fell to number 4, in its second week, but climbed to number 3, in its third week. It spent 4 further weeks inside the top-ten. After two weeks out of the top-twenty, "Sweet Nothing" climbed to number 19, in its twelfth week, being certified "Platinum" by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand.
United States.
"Sweet Nothing" debuted at number 96 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, on the week of 3 November 2012. After three weeks out of the charts, the song re-entered at number 97, on the week of 1 December 2012. In its third week, it jumped to number 82, while in its fourth week, it climbed to number 58. That same week, it debuted on the Pop Songs chart at number 32. In its sixth week, the single entered the top-forty, climbing to number 33. After a fall to number 40, the song jumped to number 24, also peaking at number 20 on the "Pop Songs" chart. In its tenth week, the song reached number 20 on the Hot 100, becoming Harris' third top-twenty single. In its twelfth week, the song peaked at number 10, becoming his first top 10 hit as lead performer in the country (second overall) and also Florence Welch's first US top 10 hit. As of July 2013, the song has sold over 1,216,000 copies in the United States.
Music video.
On 23 August, Harris announced via Facebook that he was filming the music video for "Sweet Nothing" with Florence and the Machine. The video was filmed over two days at a working men's club in Dalston, London, under the direction of Vincent Haycock who also directed Harris' videos for "Flashback", "Bounce" and "Feel So Close". The exterior shots were filmed close to Stepney Methodist Church Bus Stop on Commercial Road, Limehouse, London. The music video premiered on 20 September 2012 through Harris' YouTube VEVO channel. The video stars Harris and Welch, as well as English actors Leo Gregory and Kianoush Joseph.
Storyline.
The video begins with Gregory sitting in a restaurant after breaking up with Welch. As he leaves the restaurant he passes his food to a hooded black man, who becomes confused as to why Gregory gave it to him. Meanwhile, Welch is seen in a suit onstage at a nightclub where she is performing. Gregory gets stopped by a group of men hired to beat him by Calvin Harris as revenge after listening to Florence Welch's story of her and Gregory's violent relationship and break-up. He tries to fight back, resulting in an even more severe beating. While he gets brutally beaten, Welch also "feels" the pain as she sings on the stage. There are also scenes of Gregory fighting with his girlfriend and his girlfriend telling her story to Calvin Harris. Harris watches as Florence takes off her suit and tie and frees her hair. Welch continues her angry and energetic dancing as the video ends, along with the flashbacks, with Gregory still being assaulted by the men, and Gregory's girlfriend still distraught in the bathroom.

</doc>
<doc id="36703167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703167" title="Piz Blaisun">
Piz Blaisun

Piz Blaisun (3,200 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located north of the Albula Pass in the canton of Graubünden. Its summit is the tripoint between the Val Tuors, the Val d'Alvra (Albula valley) and the Val d'Es-cha.

</doc>
<doc id="36703180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703180" title="Michaël Bultheel">
Michaël Bultheel

Michaël Bultheel is a Belgian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles, making it to the semifinals, and ran anchor leg for Belgium in the 4 x 400m relay finals, placing sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703181" title="Brendan Cole (athlete)">
Brendan Cole (athlete)

Brendan Cole (born 29 May 1981) is an Australian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles and the Men's 4 × 400 metres relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36703182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703182" title="Mamadou Kassé Hanne">
Mamadou Kassé Hanne

Mamadou Kassé Hanne is a Senegalese hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703186" title="Jamele Mason">
Jamele Mason

Jamele Mason (born October 19, 1989) is a Puerto Rican hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 meters hurdles. He resides in Lubbock, Texas where he attended Texas Tech University. He is a member of the club Texas Tech Red Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="36703187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703187" title="Tetsuya Tateno">
Tetsuya Tateno

Tetsuya Tateno is a Japanese hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703189" title="Josef Robertson">
Josef Robertson

Josef Robertson is a Jamaican hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703193" title="Rasmus Mägi">
Rasmus Mägi

Rasmus Mägi (born 4 May 1992) is an Estonian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703195" title="Samuel Levy">
Samuel Levy

Samuel Levy (March 17, 1876 – March 15, 1953) was a New York City lawyer, businessman, and public official, who served as Manhattan Borough President.
Life and career.
Levy was born in New York City on March 17, 1876. He graduated from the University of the City of New York (now New York University) in 1894 and received a law degree from New York Law School in 1896. In addition to maintaining a law practice, Levy was a successful businessman, with his primary interests being real estate investment and development.
A Democrat, he served on the New York Board of Education from 1929 to 1931.
In 1931, Levy was appointed to complete an unexpired term as Manhattan Borough President. He won election to a full four-year term in 1933. Levy considered a run for Mayor in 1937. He instead backed Senator Royal S. Copeland for Mayor, and sought the nomination for New York City Council President in the Democratic and Republican primaries. He was defeated by Newbold Morris in the Republican primary and also lost his bid for the Democratic nomination.
After leaving office, Levy returned to his legal and business interests.
Levy was also involved in several educational and civic causes, including serving as Chairman of the Yeshiva University Board of Trustees.
Levy died in New York City on March 15, 1953. He was married to Sadie (Vesell). His son, Lawrence, married Beta Rothafel, the daughter of theatrical impresario and entrepreneur Samuel Roxy Rothafel. Through his granddaughter, Penny (Levy), Samuel is the great-grandfather of actress Amanda Peet.

</doc>
<doc id="36703196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703196" title="Wout Droste">
Wout Droste

Wout Droste (born 20 May 1989 in Oldenzaal) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a right back for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for Go Ahead Eagles.
Honours.
Club.
SC Cambuur

</doc>
<doc id="36703197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703197" title="Winder Cuevas">
Winder Cuevas

Winder Bolivar Cuevas Perez is a Dominican Republic hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703202" title="Silvio Schirrmeister">
Silvio Schirrmeister

Silvio Schirrmeister is a German hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703207" title="Chen Chieh">
Chen Chieh

Chen Chieh is a Taiwanese hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703208" title="Boniface Mucheru">
Boniface Mucheru

Boniface Mucheru is a Kenyan hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703209" title="Viacheslav Sakaev">
Viacheslav Sakaev

Viacheslav Sakaev is a Russian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703211" title="Abdul Al-Janoubi">
Abdul Al-Janoubi

Abdul Al-Janouni is an arabian football Midfielder who played for Saudi Arabia in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Hilal, Al Nasr, and Sudoos.

</doc>
<doc id="36703212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703212" title="Vincent Kiplangat Kosgei">
Vincent Kiplangat Kosgei

Vincent Kiplangat Kosgei is a Kenyan hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703213" title="German submarine U-296">
German submarine U-296

German submarine "U-296" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was laid down on 23 January 1943 by the Bremer Vulkan "Werft" (yard) at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 61, launched on 5 September 1943 and commissioned on 3 November with "Oberleutnant zur See" Karl-Heinz Rasch in command.
In three patrols, she did not sink or damage any ships.
She was regarded as missing with all hands (42 men), in the approaches to the North Channel, (between Northern Ireland and mainland Great Britain), in March 1945.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in November 1943. She was then transferred to the 9th flotilla for operations on 1 August 1944. She was reassigned to the 11th flotilla on 1 October.
She made the short journey from Kiel in Germany to Horten in Norway, arriving on 31 July 1944 and moving on to Bergen on 6 August.
1st patrol.
"U-296"s first patrol between Bergen and Trondheim, took her through the 'gap' between the Shetland and Faroe Islands, both outbound and inbound.
2nd patrol.
The boat's second sortie was similar to her first; starting in Trondheim and terminating in Stavanger. She reached northern Scotland, but this time she passed between Iceland and the Faroe Islands.
3rd patrol and fate.
Having left Bergen in late February 1945, she was listed as missing on 12 March in the North Channel, a possible victim of a mine.
Previously recorded fate.
"U-296" was originally thought to have been sunk by a torpedo from a British B-24 Liberator of No. 120 Squadron RAF.

</doc>
<doc id="36703214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703214" title="Jorge Paula">
Jorge Paula

Jorge Paula is a Portuguese hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703216" title="Artem Dyatlov">
Artem Dyatlov

Artem Dyatlov is a Uzbekistani hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703218" title="Viktor Leptikov">
Viktor Leptikov

Viktor Leptikov is a Kazakhstani hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36703221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703221" title="Maoulida Darouèche">
Maoulida Darouèche

Maoulida Daroueche (born in Iconi) is a Comorian hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36703223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703223" title="Takayuki Kishimoto">
Takayuki Kishimoto

Takayuki Kishimoto is a Japanese hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles but was disqualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36703226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703226" title="Majora">
Majora

Majora may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703228" title="Erik Bakker">
Erik Bakker

Erik Bakker (born 21 March 1990 in Hoogeveen) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for FC Zwolle.
Honours.
Club.
SC Cambuur

</doc>
<doc id="36703229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703229" title="Akihiko Nakamura">
Akihiko Nakamura

Akihiko Nakamura is a Japanese hurdler. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 400 metres hurdles but was disqualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36703247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703247" title="Emily Means House">
Emily Means House

The Emily Means House on Birch Island in South Bristol, Maine was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36703250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703250" title="Ballycroy, County Mayo">
Ballycroy, County Mayo

Ballycroy is a village in County Mayo, Connacht, Ireland. The village was the location for the 1982 film "The Ballroom of Romance". The actual ballroom used in the film still exists, albeit in a derelict condition, and is located at Doona Cross, to the west of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36703259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703259" title="Hugh Porter (cricketer)">
Hugh Porter (cricketer)

Hugh Lachlan Porter (25 January 1911 – 8 January 1982) was an English cricketer. Porter was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm slow. He was born at Kensington, London.
Porter made his debut for Suffolk against Lincolnshire in the 1934 Minor Counties Championship. Prior to the start of World War II in 1939, Porter made 32 appearances for Suffolk in the Minor Counties Championship. Playing minor counties cricket for Suffolk allowed him to be selected to play for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, who he made his first-class debut for against Cambridge University at Fenner's in 1935. The Minor Counties won the toss and elected to bat first, making 195 all out, with Porter being dismissed for 38 runs by Jahangir Khan. Cambridge University then made 163 all out in their first-innings, to which the Minor Counties responded in their second-innings by making 144 all out, with Porter being dismissed for 4 runs by James Grimshaw. Set a target of 177 for victory, Cambridge University reached their target with four wickets to spare. He made a second first-class appearance for the team in 1935 against Oxford University at the University Parks. Oxford University won the toss and elected to bat first, reaching 169/4. With the match heavily impacted by poor weather, this was the only innings possible during the match, which ended as a draw.
Following World War II, Porter returned to play minor counties cricket for Suffolk, making an additional 21 appearances, the last of which came against Bedfordshire in 1949. He later served as the President of Suffolk County Cricket Club from 1967 to 1969. In September 1939, he married Barbara Mary, with the couple having five children. He died at Ealing, Middlesex, on 8 January 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36703263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703263" title="Centenary Gentlemen and Ladies">
Centenary Gentlemen and Ladies

The Centenary Gentlemen and Ladies are composed of 17 teams representing Centenary College of Louisiana in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, swimming, and tennis. Men's sports include baseball and lacrosse. Women's sports include gymnastics, softball, and volleyball. The Gentlemen and Ladies compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference. Prior to 2011, Centenary was a member of the NCAA Division I, and competed in The Summit League.

</doc>
<doc id="36703269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703269" title="Shropshire Hills Discovery Centre">
Shropshire Hills Discovery Centre

Shropshire Hills Discovery Centre is a museum in southern Shropshire, just south of Craven Arms. 
The Shropshire Hills Discovery Centre.
The museum offers exhibitions around the Shropshire Hills, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and informs people about the history, geography, and biology of the area.
The exhibition includes a life sized mammoth, iron-age roundhouse, and a hot air balloon stimulation. Other facilities include a local art gallery, gift shop, crafts room, and café.
So far more than a million people have visied this centre, since it officially opened in 2001. Shropshire Council owns and manages the building, which was set up as a Millennium project to help with tourism. 
The Shropshire Hills Discovery Centre has recently been refurbishment in April 2008.
Onny Meadows.
As part of the Shrophire Hills Discovery Centre, Onny Meadows has been turned into a tourist and education site to help promote the Shropshire Hills, and countryside. 
The name for the meadows was taken from the River Onny which flows along the 11 acres meadow site boundary. 
The meadow includes planted wildflowers, hedgerows, and trees/woodland, and is managed by a volunteer group. 
A variety of events are held within the visitor centre and meadows, these included guided walks and talks. 
Walking paths are available and are suitable for wheelchair usage on site, paths range from short walks around the site to longer circular routes starting from the centre. 
Wildlife Opportunities.
Discussions about a new Red Kite feeding station to be opened in Autumn 2013 are underway.
This feeding station is aimed to help the young birds survive during the winter months by providing additional food, and will also provide important opportunities for the public to see, and learn about Red Kites. 
In 2009, ten Red Kite nests were found in the Shropshire Hills, this number has risen and the latest figure to be recorded is 23 in 2012.
External Links.
http://shropshire.gov.uk/maps/outdoorrecreation.htm

</doc>
<doc id="36703272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703272" title="Mansour Al-Naje">
Mansour Al-Naje

Mansour Al Naje is a Saudi Arabian football Goalkeeper who played for Saudi Arabia in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Ahli, Al Quadisiya, Hajer

</doc>
<doc id="36703276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703276" title="Carlos Coloma Nicolás">
Carlos Coloma Nicolás

Carlos Coloma-Nicolas is a Spanish cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 6th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703280" title="List of airports in territories of Australia">
List of airports in territories of Australia

This is a list of airports in the territories of Australia.
__TOC__
List of airports.
The list is sorted by the name of the community served, click the sort buttons in the table header to switch listing order.

</doc>
<doc id="36703283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703283" title="Manuel Fumic">
Manuel Fumic

Manuel Fumic is a German cross-country mountain biker. At the 2008 Olympic Games he finished in 11th. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 7th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703286" title="Sergio Mantecón Gutiérrez">
Sergio Mantecón Gutiérrez

Sergio Mantecón Gutiérrez is a Spanish cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 22nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703288" title="Chrachenhorn">
Chrachenhorn

The Chrachenhorn (2,891 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps, overlooking Monstein in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Landwasser and the Ducanfurgga.

</doc>
<doc id="36703290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703290" title="Martijn Barto">
Martijn Barto

Martijn Barto (born 23 August 1984 in Spijkenisse) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played professional football for RKC Waalwijk and Helmond Sport. After he had played four years for Harkemase Boys, he returned in professional football in July 2011, when he signed a two-year deal with SC Cambuur.
Honours.
Club.
SC Cambuur

</doc>
<doc id="36703295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703295" title="Geoff Kabush">
Geoff Kabush

Geoff Kabush is a Canadian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 8th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703299" title="VK Vojvodina">
VK Vojvodina

Vaterpolo klub Vojvodina () is a water polo club from Novi Sad, Serbia. The team competes in the Serbian Water polo League A and Euroleague.

</doc>
<doc id="36703310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703310" title="Max Plaxton">
Max Plaxton

Max Plaxton is a Canadian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, but did not finish due to a knee injury. He raced the entire 2012 UCI XC world cup and had a career best finish in France breaking into the top ten in elite. His main sponsor is Cannondale bikes.

</doc>
<doc id="36703314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703314" title="1972–73 Southern Football League">
1972–73 Southern Football League

The 1972–73 season was the 70th in the history of the Southern League.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured four new teams:
League table.
Football League elections.
Alongside the four League clubs facing re-election, a total of 10 non-League clubs applied for election, eight of which were Southern League clubs. All the League clubs were re-elected.
Division One North.
Division One featured nine new teams:
Division One South.
Division One South featured eight new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="36703315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703315" title="Alexander Gehbauer">
Alexander Gehbauer

Alexander Gehbauer (born 24 April 1990) is an Austrian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 9th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703317" title="Carpenters Bridge, Delaware">
Carpenters Bridge, Delaware

Carpenters Bridge in Kent County, Delaware is an area associated with the name Carpenters Bridge. It contains a minor bridge with that name that crosses the Murderkill River, a road by the same name and the immediate area has a pending residential area called Carpenter Bridge Crossing.
Bridge.
Carpenters Bridge is a bridge by that name over the Murderkill River in Kent County, Delaware, 6 miles northwest of Milford, Delaware 
The bridge was in existence as early as 1890, when it was mentioned in a "New York Times" article as the site of a murder. It was rebuilt or improved in 1899, and replaced with prestressed concrete and mixed box beam and girders construction in 1962.
The bridge spans land that once was considered by local residents to be of historic importance, though neither the State of Delaware nor developers such as Carpenter Bridge Properties, LLC, through the construction company Lessard Builders, now deem it as a historic area.
Road.
Road 35, is a state-maintained connector road and is locally designated as Carpenter Bridge Road. This road enables significant commercial and public access between Harrington and Frederica, Delaware. The road has hundreds of houses along its length that spans two zip code areas. The zip code divider is the bridge itself by the same name.
Area.
The Carpenter Bridge Crossing Home Owners Association is a pending 193 unit subdivision. The 2006 State of Delaware approved planned residential community is located a little east of the bridge. Construction has been delayed due to the economy and construction has not yet started as of 2012. Carpenters Bridge Properties, LLC is under the construction company Lessard Builders, who are the developers.
The area is also home to a number of residential subdivisions, natural attractions such as the Burton-Derrickson Tract of the Murderkill River Nature Preserve and Killens Pond State Park, and at least one active Bald Eagle ("Haliaeetus leucocephalus") nest. The area was proposed as the site of a renewable solar energy farm at Carpenters Bridge in 2004 which was still under consideration in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36703319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703319" title="Karl Markt">
Karl Markt

Karl Markt is an Austrian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 20th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703324" title="Stéphane Tempier">
Stéphane Tempier

Stéphane Tempier is a French cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 11th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703326" title="Jan Škarnitzl">
Jan Škarnitzl

Jan Škarnitzl (; born 11 July 1986) is a Czech cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 12th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703331" title="Elliott Castro">
Elliott Castro

Elliott Castro Tirado is a sports commentator, color commentator, sports historian, and author from Puerto Rico. Castro is a commentator in major sports events in Puerto Rico as well as those related to Puerto Rican athletes such as the Olympics, the Pan American Games, and the Central American and Caribbean Games.
Castro has written several accounts of sports in Puerto Rico. One of them he co-authored with Carmen Lidin and is titled "Listos!: Puerto Rico En El Deporte Internacional (1930-2004)" (English: Ready!: Puerto Rico in International Sports (1930-2004)).

</doc>
<doc id="36703336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703336" title="Ondřej Cink">
Ondřej Cink

Ondřej Cink (; born 7 December 1990) is a Czech cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 14th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703340" title="Mohamed El Makrini">
Mohamed El Makrini

Mohamed El Makrini (born 6 July 1987 in Utrecht) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for FC Den Bosch.
Honours.
Club.
SC Cambuur

</doc>
<doc id="36703342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703342" title="Gerhard Kerschbaumer">
Gerhard Kerschbaumer

Gerhard Kerschbaumer (born in Brixen) is an Italian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 13th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703348" title="Samuel Schultz">
Samuel Schultz

Samuel Schultz is an American cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 15th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703355" title="Means-Justiss House">
Means-Justiss House

The Means-Justiss House on 6th St., SE, in Paris, Texas was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36703363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703363" title="Marek Konwa">
Marek Konwa

Marek Konwa (born 11 March 1990 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 16th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703368" title="Susenphaa">
Susenphaa

Susenphaa was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1439 CE to 1488 CE. Contemporary Ahom chronicles described him as a good king and the people under him were happy and prosperous. He ruled for a long period of 49 years. The only trouble which was recorded during his reign was the raids of Tangsu Nagas, which was dealt with the use of force, but not without losses.
Ancestry and accession.
Susenphaa was the eldest son of Ahom king Suphakphaa by a Tipam princess. His parents named him Tyaophasuphuk. After the death of his father, he ascended the throne in 1439 CE and was named as Susenphaa.
Reign.
Expedition against Tangsu Nagas.
The "Tangsu Nagas" were conducting frequent raids on the people of Ahom kingdom, causing much harm to the lives and properties of the people. They also attacked neighbouring Naga tribes and inflicted heavy casualties. One of the Naga tribe, the "Akhampa Nagas" (also known as Akhampani Nagas) came to Susenphaa with a present of swords as a token of their submission. They complained Susenphaa about the atrocities committed by "Tangsu Nagas" and sought his help to defend them from these frequent raids of the Tangsu Nagas. Susenphaa immediately rallied his men and personally led an expedition against the strongholds of the Tangsu Nagas. The battle was fierce and bloody and the Ahoms lost one hundred and forty men, but, finally they managed to rout the Tangsu Nagas at the end. According to one account, the Ahoms almost lost the battle and was forced to retreat. Susenphaa himself was forced to flee from the battlefield in a litter, being so overcome with panic that he was purged as he sat there. In that moment of chaos, an Ahom officer, Banrukia Gohain, rallied the troops, attacked and defeated the Tangsu Nagas with heavy loss. The Ahoms destroyed the villages of Tangsu Nagas and forced them to submit. A victorious Susenphaa returned to the Capital.
Birth of Sankardev.
It was during the reign of Susenphaa, Sankardev, the most revered and renowned Vaishanava reformer was born in Borduwa or Batadroba in Nagaon, in 1449 CE. He was the son of Kusumbar Bhuyan, who was a Bhuyan chieftain of the region.
Death and legacy.
Susenphaa died in 1488 CE after a long reign of forty-nine years. The scanty references to his long reign in the Ahom Buranjis may perhaps be taken as proof that he was a good king and that under his rule the people were contended and prosperous.

</doc>
<doc id="36703369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703369" title="Piotr Brzózka">
Piotr Brzózka

Piotr Brzózka (born 14 October 1989 in Rydułtowy) is a Polish cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 32nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703372" title="Darcey Vanderhoef">
Darcey Vanderhoef

Darcey Vanderhoef is an American actress. Born in Racine, Wisconsin, but raised in Tucson, Arizona. A 1992 graduate of Palo Verde High School. The majority of her film work is in the horror film genre. Her debut was a brief role as a screaming teenager in "Mark of the Devil 666: The Moralist" (1995). She then portrayed Nancy, one of the titular killer teenagers in the shot-on-video cult movie "5 Dark Souls" (1996) and its 1998 and 2003 sequels. She had smaller roles in the horror films "The Frightening" (2002) by David DeCoteau, "Deadly Stingers" (2003) directed by J.R. Bookwalter, and Case #1 of the comedy series "Bad Movie Police" by John Treacy. Bigger roles came with her character "Maggie" the "October Moon" film franchise, for which she is possibly best-known. She has also had lead roles in the comedy "" (2011) and "Safe Inside" (2013).
Vanderhoef occasionally models, and has appeared in magazines such as "Femme Fatales". She is the cousin of filmmaker Jason Paul Collum and is often cast in his films.

</doc>
<doc id="36703376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703376" title="Ralph Näf">
Ralph Näf

Ralph Näf is a Swiss cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 18th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703379" title="Kevin Van Hoovels">
Kevin Van Hoovels

Kevin Van Hoovels (born 31 July 1985) is a Belgian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 19th place.
He became widely known on the internet for his immediate reaction after losing a sprint finish during a race.
For the 2014 season, Van Hoovels is competing on the roads for Team3M, and in mountain biking for the Versluys team.

</doc>
<doc id="36703381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703381" title="Daniel McConnell (cyclist)">
Daniel McConnell (cyclist)

Daniel McConnell (born 9 August 1985) is an Australian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 21st place.
His mother, Jenny Orr, competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in the 800 and 1500 metres athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="36703383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703383" title="Wuosthorn">
Wuosthorn

The Wuosthorn (2,815 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located south of Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Bocktenhorn, on the range between the valleys of Sertig and Dischma.

</doc>
<doc id="36703385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703385" title="Tariq Al-Hargan">
Tariq Al-Hargan

Tariq Al Harqan is an arabian football Goalkeeper who played for Saudi Arabia in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Shabab.

</doc>
<doc id="36703386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703386" title="David Rosa">
David Rosa

David Rosa (born 12 November 1986, in Fátima) is a Portuguese mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 23rd place. He was the first Portuguese ever to be present at MTB Olympic competition.
David Rosa is seven times MTB Portuguese National Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36703391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703391" title="Catriel Soto">
Catriel Soto

Catriel Andres Soto is an Argentine cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 26h place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703396" title="Johnny de Vries">
Johnny de Vries

Johnny de Vries (born 20 February 1990 in Appelscha) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for FC Emmen, on loan from SC Heerenveen.
Honours.
Club.
SC Cambuur

</doc>
<doc id="36703398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703398" title="V. R. Means House">
V. R. Means House

The V. R. Means House on E. 14th Street in Belton, Texas was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36703400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703400" title="Kohei Yamamoto (cyclist)">
Kohei Yamamoto (cyclist)


</doc>
<doc id="36703404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703404" title="Hector Páez">
Hector Páez

Hector Leonardo Páez Leon is a Colombian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 28th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703405" title="Serhiy Rysenko">
Serhiy Rysenko

Serhiy Rysenko is a Ukrainian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 31st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703407" title="Periklis Ilias">
Periklis Ilias

Periklis Ilias is a Greek cross-country mountain biker. 
Periklis is the World Champion at 2012 UCI Mountain Bike Marathon World Championships that was held at Ornans, France.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 33rd place.
Personal Website

</doc>
<doc id="36703409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703409" title="Zhu Weiwei">
Zhu Weiwei

Zhu Weiwei (born 1990) is a Chinese rower. She was born in Changzhou. She competed in double sculls together with Wang Min at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703410" title="Moritz Milatz">
Moritz Milatz

Moritz Milatz is a German cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 34th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703411" title="Tarcan (name)">
Tarcan (name)

Tarcan () ("Hungarian: Tarján") is a Turkish and Hungarian (masculine) given name and surname of Turkic-Hungarian origin meaning "assistant (Bek) of the Khagan (i.e. Benjamin) in ancient Jewish Kingdom of Tourkia".

</doc>
<doc id="36703413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703413" title="Philip Buys">
Philip Buys

Philip Buys is a South African cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 35th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703415" title="Songdo Station">
Songdo Station

Songdo Station is a station on the Suin Line of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway system. It is currently the northwestern terminus, until the planned extension to Incheon Station is opened in 2014.
It was originally part of the former narrow-gauge Suin Line, before its closure in 1994. With the conversion and double-tracking of the Suin Line, this station was re-opened in 2012.
It is important to note that this station is "not" located in the Songdo International Business District.

</doc>
<doc id="36703417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703417" title="Yusri Al Bashah">
Yusri Al Bashah

Yusri Al Basha is an arabian football Forward who played for China in the 1992 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Ittifaq and Al Khaleej

</doc>
<doc id="36703418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703418" title="George V. Doughty House and Garage">
George V. Doughty House and Garage

The George V. Doughty House and Garage are a historic house and garage located northeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States. The lava rock buildings were constructed in 1914 by stonemason H. T. Pugh for farmer George V. Doughty. The house's design includes a Colonial Revival style hipped roof and a bungalow style front porch.
The house and garage were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36703421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703421" title="Paolo Montoya">
Paolo Montoya

Paolo Montoya is a Costa Rican cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 36th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703424" title="Evgeniy Pechenin">
Evgeniy Pechenin

Evgeniy Pechenin is a Russian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 37th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703430" title="Wang Min (rower)">
Wang Min (rower)

Wang Min (; born 1990) is a Chinese rower. She was born in Changzhou. She competed in double sculls together with Zhu Weiwei at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703431" title="Marios Athanasiadis">
Marios Athanasiadis

Marios Athanasiadis is a Cypriot cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, finishing in 40th (last) place.

</doc>
<doc id="36703440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703440" title="Tong Weisong">
Tong Weisong

Tong Weisong (born 30 January 1988) is a Chinese cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm for the People's Republic of China. He placed 41st.

</doc>
<doc id="36703442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703442" title="Suhenphaa">
Suhenphaa

Suhenphaa was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1488 CE to 1493 CE. His reign was characterized by the expansion of Ahom kingdom which resulted in conflicts with the Nagas and with the Kachari kingdom. He was successful in the military actions against the Nagas, while in case of Kacharis, he suffered defeat and had to sue for peace with the Kacharis. He was assassinated by one Ahom of Tairungban clan.
Ancestry and accession.
Suhenphaa was the son of Ahom king Susenphaa. Susenphaa ruled for a long period of 49 years, during which the kingdom witnessed peace and prosperity. When Susenphaa died in 1488 CE, Suhenphaa succeeded him as the king of Ahom kingdom.
Reign.
Conflicts with Nagas.
The "Tangsu Nagas", who were defeated during the reign of Suhenphaa’s father Susenphaa, again raised their banner against the royal authority. They began to raids villages in the plains of Brahmaputra and took common Assamese people as prisoner. To counter this acts of atrocities by Tangsu Nagas, Suhenphaa dispatched Taokangbanrek Borgohain with a contingent of Ahom soldiers. The Tangsu Nagas attacked the Ahom forces and completely destroyed it. The commander of the army, Taokangbanrek Borgohain was captured and later beheaded by the Nagas. His head was taken by the Tangsu Nagas to their native villages as prize of battle. Suhenphaa immediately ordered fresh recruitment of soldiers and after gathering a huge army, he dispatched the newly appointed Nangraang Borgohain against the Tangsu Nagas. After fierce battle, Nangraang Borgohain scored complete victory against the Tangsu Nagas, and they were forced to submit to the Ahoms. The Tangsu Nagas also agreed to pay an annual tribute to the Ahom king. Nangraang Borgohain brought several Naga prisoners as a symbol of his victory and after obtaining permission from Suhenphaa, settled them in different parts of the Ahom kingdom.
War with the Kacharis.
Suhenphaa desired to expand his kingdom towards downstream of Brahmaputra river. The Kacharis who, at that time, held a large portion of Upper Assam, obstructed the expansion of Ahom kingdom into their territory. Suhenphaa decided to use force, and ordered one Ahom officer Chelaoseng Neog to construct a fortification at Tongsu within Kachari territory. The fortification was constructed without any opposition from Kacharis. Encouraged by this success, he dispatched Khunlung Burhagohain with an army to march further inwards into Kachari territory. The Kacharis fiercely resisted the advance of Khunlung Burhagohain and were successful in defeating the Ahom army. One Ahom commander Jiyeumung Neog and 150 soldiers lost their lives. The Kacharis chased Ahoms to the banks of Dikhou river. The commander of Ahom army, Khunlung Burhagohain managed to escape by swimming across the Dikhou river, leaving his elephants and other valuables. After consultations with the nobles, Suhenphaa sued for peace with the Kachari king. A princess was sent to the Kachari king with two elephants and twelve female slaves as her dowry. Some chronicles stated that the result of the battle was indecisive, and when peace was made, the Kacharis ceded some territory to Ahom.
Assassination.
One Ahom named Lantarunban of "Tairungban" clan was caught for stealing some paddy from the royal granary. He and his companions were punished and fined for their crime. therefore Lantaruban and his friends were eager to exact revenge on the king. In 1493 CE, Lantaruban and his friends were engaged on some repairs in the Royal Palace. While coming for work, Lantaruban hid a spear inside the hollow space of one bamboo. When Suhenphaa came to inspect the progress of the work, Lantaruban stabbed the king to death with the spear(some account say the king was stabbed with pointed bamboo). According to some accounts, the murder was instigated by Khunlung Burhagohain. 
Suhenphaa had three sons. The eldest among them, Supimphaa will succeed as the king of Ahom kingdom.
Character and legacy.
Suhenphaa’s reign showed the continuation of the policy of expansion of Ahom kingdom. His conflict with the Kacharis proves the fact that the Ahoms wanted to expand their territory, in expense of their neighbouring kingdoms. Though Suhenphaa suffered defeat in the hands of Kacharis, the conflict which he started will be continued by his grandson Suhungmung, who will conduct successful military operations against the Kacharis and the Sutiyas extending the boundaries of Ahom kingdom. He also seem to be very strict administrator, owing to which persons found guilty of criminal activities cannot escape punishment, but unfortunately this very quality of him made enemies among some influential people of the court, who then plotted his assassination.

</doc>
<doc id="36703446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703446" title="2012 Tatarstan Open – Doubles">
2012 Tatarstan Open – Doubles

Ekaterina Ivanova and Andreja Klepač were the defending champions, but neither chose to participate.
In an all-Ukrainian final, the number two seeds, Valentyna Ivakhnenko and Kateryna Kozlova, defeated the top seeds, Lyudmyla Kichenok and Nadiya Kichenok to take the title, 6–4, 6–7(6–8), [10–4].

</doc>
<doc id="36703449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703449" title="Derek Horton">
Derek Horton

Derek Horton (born 26 Deptember 1972) is a Guam cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm.

</doc>
<doc id="36703452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703452" title="Thomas Vipham House">
Thomas Vipham House

The Thomas Vipham House is a house located in Jerome, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36703456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703456" title="András Parti">
András Parti

András Parti is a Hungarian cross-country mountain biker. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's cross-country at Hadleigh Farm, but did not finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36703461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703461" title="Beejan Land">
Beejan Land

Beejan Land (born 14 February 1989 in Paddington, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian actor and award-winning playwright. He graduated high school at Newtown High School of the Performing Arts
Beejan trained at the prestigious L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq joining alumni such as Geoffrey Rush, Julie Taymor, Ariane Mnouchkine, Yazmina Reza and Steven Berkoff.
Beejan is also a graduate of ACTT's Talented Young Actors' Program, National Institute of Dramatic Art Acting and Playwrighting programs. He also trained at Australian Theatre for Young People.
Early performing life.
Beejan was born in Sydney, New South Wales into an Australian family of Turkish and Iranian background. He started his performing career as a young Magician. Performing at events and parties he quickly began to develop a name as a Magician. In 1998 he was awarded first place Australian Convention of Magicians competition in the Walk on Walk off Section. He then began taking after school acting classes at the Australian Theatre for Young People in 1999. He took classes in Film, Theatre and Voice as well as master classes with some of Australia's highly sought out industry professionals. He performed in many productions with them giving him the experience and desire to continue his passions in the field of theatre and film. Mentors at Australian Theatre for Young People included Nick Enright, Victoria Longley, Kate Champion and David Berthold.
Early career.
Beejan's acting debut really came around when he set up ROAR Theatre Company in 2004. An independent theatre company with a drive to combine emerging artists with established professionals in order enhance and develop and Australian voice. A co-production with Darlinghurst Theatre saw him produce and act in a production of Vicious Streaks by Alex Broun he asked Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome director George Ogilvie to direct along with then emerging director Lee Lewis. The production also featured Peter Mochrie and Jacinta John. The same year he was named Australia's Youngest theatre producers, He also won the Sydney Theatre Company's Young Playwrights Award.
Career.
Beejan was asked by the Melbourne Theatre Company to perform in their main-stage production of The History Boys written by Alan Bennett and directed by Peter Evans. The production played a sold out season at The Arts Centre. The production featured other Australian actors such as Matthew Newton, Ashley Zukerman and Ben Geurens.
Beejan has performed in stage plays by William Shakespeare, Michael Gow, David Hare, Bertold Brecht, Debra Oswald, Ned Manning, Cyril Tourneur, Thomas Middleton, Alfred Jarry, Alex Broun, Mark Ravenhill, Tommy Murphy, Nazım Hikmet Ran, Frank Marcus, Alan Bennett, Tony Kushner and José Rivera
In 2004 he co-starred in The Black Balloon (film) director Elissa Down's Tropfest short film Summer Angst. He also guest starred in an episode of the Australian medical drama series All Saints (TV series)
In 2005 he toured to Northern Ireland performing in Debra Oswald's Skate at the Belfast Festival at Queens.
As a Playwright his own plays have been performed by Griffin Theatre Company, Sydney Theatre Company and Tamarama Rock Surfers.
2008 saw Beejan join Wayne Hope, Kym Gyngell and the cast of Australian comedy series Very Small Business (TV series) as Taxation Officer, Lynton McGyver
In 2009 he joined the world famous theatre troupe LeThéâtre du Soleil to continue his research and experience in the theatrical arts.
After a forceful nudge by world renowned Theatre director Ariane Mnouchkine Beejan decided to undertake further studies at L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq at the same time as creating a new work with the Théâtre du Soleil. Beejan has since been with the company.

</doc>
<doc id="36703462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703462" title="Archie Webster House">
Archie Webster House

The Archie Webster House is a house located in Jerome, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36703463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703463" title="Dhumakanal">
Dhumakanal

Dhumakanal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in Indi taluk of Bijapur district, Karnataka. It is nearly 50 km from district headquarters, Bijapur. Its one of the small villages near to Chadachan town; Dhumakanal lies 20 km by road southeast of Chadachan.
Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, Dhumakanal had a population of 866, with 459 males and 407 females.
In the 2011 census Dhumakanal reported a population of 1,212.
Agriculture.
Total land of village having more than 80% of well fertile and cropping area. We have growing mainly sugar cane, grape, maize, sorgham, pearl millet and small area of lemon, onion, turmeric etc. Irrigation is mainly based upon borewells and wells.
Education.
In village there is Govt Higher Primary School has currently working with 1st to 8th standard having more than 150 students.The whole village have more than 70% of literature.
Trusts.
In village there are some associations doing cultural,sports programmes and other activities.

</doc>
<doc id="36703464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703464" title="Michael Vingerling">
Michael Vingerling

Michael Vingerling (born 28 June 1990 in Dirksland) is a Dutch track and road cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="36703471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703471" title="Charles C. Vineyard House">
Charles C. Vineyard House

The Charles C. Vineyard House is a house located in Eden, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36703484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703484" title="Saod Al-Kaebari">
Saod Al-Kaebari

Saod Abdul-Aziz Al-Kaebari is an arabian football Defender who played for Saudi Arabia in the 2004 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Ahli and Al Ettifaq

</doc>
<doc id="36703489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703489" title="Julie Dusanko">
Julie Dusanko

Julie Dusanko [Sabo] (February 22, 1922 – August 22, 2003) was a Canadian infielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 5", 122 lb., Dusanko batted and threw right handed. She was born as Julianna Rita Sabo in Regina, Saskatchewan. Dusanko was one of 57 girls from Canada who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during its 12 year history.
Dusanko joined the league during the 1944 season, dividing her playing time with the Minneapolis Millerettes and the Racine Belles.
After that, she remained in the United States to play in the National Girls Baseball League of Chicago with the Parichy Bloomer Girls. She then returned to Canada to play fastpitch softball and was a member of two championship teams.
She moved to Arizona in 1963 with her husband Eugene Dusanko, an air force man she had married two months before joining the league in 1944. The couple had a son, named Richard, who died in 1991 at the age of 28. Her husband died the same year at 67 years old.
In 1988, Dusanko received further recognition when she became part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She also gained honorary induction into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 1998.
Dusanko died in 2003 at her home in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 81.
Career statistics.
Batting 
Fielding

</doc>
<doc id="36703490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703490" title="1957–58 UE Lleida season">
1957–58 UE Lleida season

The 1957–58 season was the 19th season in UE Lleida's existence, and covered the period from 1 July 1950 to 30 June 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36703497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703497" title="2012 Karshi Challenger – Doubles">
2012 Karshi Challenger – Doubles

Michail Elgin and Alexandre Kudryavtsev were the defending champions, but decided not to participate.<br>
Third seeds Lee Hsin-han and Peng Hsien-Yin won the title by defeating Brydan Klein and Yasutaka Uchiyama 6–7(5–7), 6–4, [10–4] in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36703500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703500" title="South Tyneside Progressives">
South Tyneside Progressives

South Tyneside Progressives is a political party from South Tyneside, in Newcastle. They have won seats on the council in local elections, but lost both of their seats (Harton and West Park) to the Labour Party in the 2012 Local Elections.

</doc>
<doc id="36703508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703508" title="Supimphaa">
Supimphaa

Supimphaa was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1493 CE to 1497 CE. In order to exact revenge on the murderers of his father Suhenphaa, he unleased a reign of terror among people of both high and low ranks alike. Due to some minor fault, he even exiled one of his wives to Naga Hills, who was pregnant at that time. She later gave birth to a son named Kancheng, who would be appointed as the first Borpatrogohain of Ahom kingdom and will be known for his military geniuses and courage.
Ancestry and accession.
Supimphaa was the eldest son of Ahom king Suhenphaa. After his father’s assassination in 1493 CE, Susenphaa ascended the throne as the new king of Ahom kingdom.
Reign.
Punishment of the murderers of Suhenphaa.
The first act of Supimphaa, after ascending to the throne, was to trace out and execute the conspirators who had plotted and assassinated his father Suhenphaa. The main accused Lantarunban and his two sons, Taophrong and Khuntao was arrested after some search operations. Later all three of them were executed. Other co-conspirators were also punished for their co-operation in the crime. Khunlung Burhagohain was also suspected to have links in the conspiracy. Therefore, fearing punishment from the king, Khunlung Burhagohain fled from his quarters. Supimphaa immediately dismissed Khunlung Burhagohain from his office, and appointed another member of Burhagohain family, Khunlung Khampeng as the new Burhagohain. Later Khunlung Burhagohain was arrested but he escaped the capital punishment as the nobles requested the king to grant forgiveness. The property of Khunlung Burhagohain was confiscated and he was exiled to his village residence.
Exile of the royal consort and birth of Kancheng.
The Nagas had maintained friendly relations since the time of Supimphaa’s father, king Suhenphaa. Every year, they come to pay tribute and respect to the Ahom king in the Capital. One of the wives of Supimphaa happened to see a Naga chief who had come to pay tribute, and praised his beauty in the king’s hearing. The king was so enraged and furious that he immediately ordered her exile to the Naga village, from which that Naga chief belonged. She was pregnant at the time and subsequently gave birth to a son. He was named as Senglung, but he will be become famous as Kancheng. Supimphaa’s successor Suhungmung would come to know about Kancheng and his royal origin. He brought Kancheng to his court and appointed him to the newly created office of Borpatrogohain, equal in ranks with the office of Burhagohain and Borgohain. Kancheng Borpatrogohain would serve Suhungmung in many battles and under his military leadership, the Ahom army reached the banks of Karatoya river, the western boundary of ancient Kamrup Kingdom.
Death.
During his short reign (1493 CE-1497 CE), Supimphaa tried to trace out all people who were in league with the conspiracy in assassination of his father, Suhenphaa. Many people were traced out and then they along with their relatives were tortured and severely punished. The nobles were terrified by these high handed actions of the king. While these search operations were going on, Supimphaa died, suddenly in 1497 CE. Historical accounts vary regarding the cause of his death. Some accounts attribute his death to natural cause, while some records maintained that he was assassinated. Prominent Assamese historian and writer Gunaviram Burua stated since the assassination of Suhenphaa caused much unrest and terror among the people, therefore, the nobles after assassinating Supimphaa, hide the real facts and spread the news of the death of king due to natural causes. 
Supimphaa was succeeded by his son Suhungmung, whose reign was characterized by expansion of Ahom kingdom into the territories of Kachari kingdom and Sutiya kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36703513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703513" title="Religion in Senegal">
Religion in Senegal

Religion and beliefs occupy an important place in the daily life of the nation of Senegal. A large majority (92%) of the Senegalese population is Muslim, mainly Sunni of Maliki school of jurisprudence with Sufi influences. Christians (principally Catholics) represent 2%. Traditional beliefs are officially practiced by 6% of the population, but members of other religions also often partake in traditional practices.
Senegal is highly reputed for its religious tolerance.
Major religions in Senegal.
Islam.
More than 92% of the Senegalese population is Muslim, and this population practices Sunni Islam based on the Ash'arite theology, the Malikite jurisprudence. Sufism is represented in Senegal by the following brotherhoods: Tijanism, Mouridism, Qadiriyya, and Layenism. More recently, the NabyAllah movement has emerged and constructed the Mosque of the Divinity in Ouakam.
The Layenes are a Muslim brotherhood based in Mahdism. This group originated in Yoff, a Lebou village that has become a commune d'arondissement of Dakar. The founder is Seydina Limamou Laye. He began his prédication May 24, 1883, at the age of 40, presenting himself as the Imam of “Bien Guidés” or “imamoul Mahdi.” He taught and preached religious law and worship “clean and sincere,” removed from the traditions that he judged were not conforming to Islam. 
Tijanism (Tarîqah Tijâniyyah) is the most important Sufi brotherhood in Senegal. In Senegal, the principal holy city of Tijanism is Tivouane, the home of marabout Malick Sy (d. 1922). Sy left a legacy of pacifist teachings. Il y a aussi Sokone Avec El Hadji Amadou Déme (1895-1973). Kaolack is another important city, for being the seat of marabout Baye Niass (1900-1975) who also taught a pacifist message. The first propagators were Oumar Tall who tried to lead a holy war (1852-1864) against the French and Mouhammadoul Hâmet BA. After the 2002 general census of the Senegalese population, the followers of Tijianism constitute around 60% of all Senegalese, making it the most represented brotherhood in the country. 
The Mouride constitute one of the most important brotherhoods in Senegal, and the most important Sufi brotherhood in Sub-Saharan Africa. The religious center of Mourides is the city of Touba, which houses one of the largest mosques in Africa. The founder of the Mouride brotherhood is Marabout Ahmadou Bamba (1853–1927). Each year, the Mourides commemorate the exile of Bamba during Magal, celebrated in the holy city of Touba. Each year, not less than two million people make this pilgrimage. Mourides constitute around 28% of the Senegalese population. 
The Qadiriyya brotherhood is the oldest in Senegal, founded by the Sufi mystic Abd al Qadir al-Jilani in the 12th century. Qadiriyya constitute around 6% of the Senegalese population.
Christianity.
Primarily found in the south of Senegal, in the Casamance region, Christians are largely of Serer heritage. They are also found in the large cities of Senegal, such as Dakar and Saint-Louis. Senegalese Christians have a site of pilgrimage at Popenguine. The Cathedral of Dakar was constructed at the beginning of the 20th century by father Daniel Brottier, founder of the orphelins apprentis d’Auteuil. 
Protestantism is equally represented, among others, by the Protestant Church of Senegal. 
Other beliefs.
Animist practices are respected and many Senegalese maintain ancestral knowledge that is very strong. Senegalese hold several ancient beliefs, such as small efforts of ‘thanks’ or demands, such as protection from water. They also place great importance on the Baobab tree, which is known as the “House of the Spirits.”
Youth religiosity in Senegal.
Religion is an integral part of daily life in Senegal, and this occurs very differently for adults and youths. Though many standard practices such as the celebration of large Senegalese religious holidays like Tabaski maintain importance for Senegalese people of all generations, other practices such as daily prayer and abstinence from drinking and drugs take on different roles for Senegalese youth than for their parents. But along with youths who have liberalized their understanding of religion, there are many Senegalese youth who have made changes of a more fundamentalist nature. Many Senegalese youth are reinstating earlier understandings of Islam, in many instances incorporating religion into their lives to a greater extent than that of their parents.
Changes in religiosity.
A notable sign of changing generational levels of religiosity is how youth have changed their interactions with the national political system. On one hand, an increase in religiosity of Senegalese youth has caused them to promote an increased level of religious involvement in political decision-making. Conversely, many youth-led political movements are associated with groups of young people who tend to deviate from the religious expectations of their parents, partaking in alcohol consumption as well as elements of hip hop culture. For example, the Y'en a Marre (“Fed Up”) movement that developed in January of 2011 in response to the government inefficiency and youth un-involvement in Senegal was almost entirely youth-driven.
On the other hand, many Senegalese youth movements have centered on increasing the role of religion in political systems, particularly at the university level. Many student organizations have been created to attempt to promote these traditional values to Senegalese public life and politics. These groups include the Hizbut-Tarqiyyah, and the Association Musulmane des Etudiants d’Afrique Noire (AMEAN). Throughout the 1960s and 70s this upturn in religiosity was seen through the building of new mosques, and an increase in attention on Islamic organizations and news publications.
These movements have many sources of inspiration, some local and some international. Scholars have claimed that it is sometimes a lack of access to resources that drive youth to use religion as a source of empowerment, as well as a justification for violence in certain instances. However, in Senegal in the 1990s Islamic revivalism originated largely from educated youths who had attended secular French schools.
The existing literature about youth religiosity and politics in West Africa focuses on males, since they tend to dominate roles of religious authority in Muslim structures. This bias makes it even more difficult to make any generalizations about youth religiosity, since it would frequently be disregarding the sentiments of a large portion of the population. But it is apparent that religion serves a very different function for youth of this generation than it did for the previous one, in a pattern that was certainly passed down from the one before.

</doc>
<doc id="36703521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703521" title="Religion in Sierra Leone">
Religion in Sierra Leone

Islam is the largest religion in Sierra Leone, with significant Christian and animist minorities. According to a 2009 estimate, 71.3% of the population is Muslim, 26.8% is Christian and 1.9% of the population is either animist or follows other religious beliefs. However, other sources give different estimates. Muslims are estimated to comprise 60% of Sierra Leone's population according to the US Department of State, while 20 to 30% are reported to be followers of Christianity, and 5 to 10% of the population practice indigenous animist beliefs. The 2007 UNHCR's "Report on International Religious Freedom in Sierra Leone" estimated 55% Muslim, 40% Christian and 5% other beliefs, with many citizens practising a mixture of Islam and traditional indigenous religious beliefs or Christianity and traditional indigenous beliefs. The Pew Research Center estimates the Muslim population at 78.0%. Muslims predominate in all of the country's three provinces and the Western Area, though formerly they were concentrated in the north with the south being mainly Christian.
The vast majority of Sierra Leonean Muslims are Sunni of Maliki school of jurisprudence; while small minorities are Shia and Ahmadiyya.
The vast majority of Sierra Leonean Christians are Protestants, of which the largest are Methodists and Evangelicals. Other Christian protestant denominations in the country include Presbyterian, Baptists, Seventh-day Adventist and Lutheran
Catholics are the second largest non protestant Christians division in Sierra Leone at about 5% of the country's population. The Jehovah’s Witnesses, Anglicans and Mormons form a small minority of the Christian population in the country.
The constitution of Sierra Leone provides for freedom of religion and the government generally protects this right and does not tolerate its abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="36703528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703528" title="Adrián Hernández">
Adrián Hernández

Adrián Hernández may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36703531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703531" title="Concerns and controversies at the 2014 Winter Olympics">
Concerns and controversies at the 2014 Winter Olympics

There have been controversies and concerns affecting the 2014 Winter Olympics. There are disputes with Circassians, who demand the events be cancelled or moved unless Russia apologises for the 19th century Circassian genocide, environmental and economic issues, lack of political stability and governance, and the safety and human rights of LGBT athletes and journalists, in light of Russia's "gay propaganda" laws, which have sparked Olympic-focused protests.
Human rights.
On 30 January 2014, nine Amnesty International European directors delivered a petition in Moscow to the offices of Russian President Vladimir Putin calling on him to repeal a series of laws restricting the right to freedom of speech, freedom of assembly and freedom of association in the run up to the 2014 Winter Olympics. The organization felt that the laws were no substitute for an effective justice system, and demanded the Russian authorities to release immediately and unconditionally all prisoners of conscience (POCs). The Russian parliament passed an amnesty bill that freed the imprisoned Pussy Riot singers, the foreign activists amongst Greenpeace's "Arctic 30" and the 2012 Bolotnaya Square protest.
Human Rights Watch has repeatedly presented the IOC detailed evidence of documented human rights abuses linked to Russia's preparations for the 2014 Winter Games since 2009. Human Rights Watch have documented exploitation of migrant workers in violation of Russian law; evictions of residents without fair compensation and in some cases, with no compensation at all. Many resettled residents lost a portion of their livelihoods; Threats, harassment, and lawsuits of activists and journalists critical of the Games, as well as Russia's discriminatory anti-LGBT propaganda law. Not before late 2013 the Russian government and IOC covered $8.34 million in wage arrears.
Both German president Joachim Gauck and European Commissioner for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship Viviane Reding publicly boycott the Games over human rights abuses, with Reding specifically citing Russia's treatment of minorities.
On 5 February 2014 Russian authorities sentenced environmental activist Igor Kharchenko to five days. Kharchenko is member of the Russian NGO Environmental Watch for North Caucasus (Ecologicheskaya Vakhta po Severnomu Kavkazu). He has been arrested and his car was vandalized. Sergei Nikitin, Amnesty International's Moscow Office Director said: "The Russian authorities must halt their harassment of civil society activists, protect the right to peaceful freedom of expression, and release the Sochi prisoners of conscience: Igor Kharchenko and his fellow environmentalist Yevgeny Vitishko, who is currently serving 15 days in administrative detention on trumped-up charges."
Evgeny Vitishko was arrested for 15 days in the Sochi area reportedly charged allegedly for swearing at a bus stop. Yevgeniy Vitishko and his fellow activists have been actively involved in protests regarding the deforestation and illegal construction and fencing in areas of protected forest around Sochi. AI is concerned about his unfair trial resulted in a court decision to send him to prison colony for three years.
Police arrests.
Two members of the punk group Pussy Riot, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alekhina, and a group of activists and journalists were arrested by Russian police in Sochi when simply walking down the street. Pussy Riot members have urged politicians attending the Winter Olympics to criticise human rights abuses in Russia. According to Amnesty International people are being targeted for peacefully speaking their minds. Almost daily there are reports of arrests of activists in Sochi and the Olympic Games area including Semyon Simonov Memorial, David Hakim and journalists from Radio Free Europe and Novaya Gazeta. Amnesty demanded the International Olympic Committee to condemn the arrests.
LGBT rights.
The rights of LGBT people in Russia were a concern leading up to the Games (where seven openly lesbian and bisexual, athletes, all female, were scheduled to participate). Russia became the subject of international criticism following the signing of a federal law by Vladimir Putin in June 2013, which bans the distribution of "propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations" to minors. Mass media classified the legislation as being "anti-gay", while LGBT rights activists considered the law to be too broad and vague, characterizing it as an effective ban on promoting LGBT rights and culture. Human Rights Campaign (HRC) president Chad Griffin argued that even kissing a same-sex partner or displaying LGBT symbols such as the rainbow flag could be illegal under the law. The legislation was also attributed to an increase in homophobic violence in Russia by anti-gay and Neo-Nazi groups. Critics also considered the law to be inconsistent with principle six of the Olympic Charter, which states that "any form of discrimination with regard to a country or a person on grounds of race, religion, politics, gender or otherwise is incompatible with belonging to the Olympic Movement." "
Assurances.
In August 2013, the IOC stated that it had "received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games"; this was contradicted in a statement three days later made by Russia's Ministry of the Interior, which stated that the anti-propaganda laws would still be enforced in Sochi. The IOC also confirmed that it would enforce Rule 50 of the Olympic Charter, which forbids political protest, against athletes who make displays of support for the LGBT community. The IOC received written assurance from the Russian government in August 2013 stating that it was committed to abiding by the Olympic Charter during the Olympic Games. Vladimir Putin also made similar assurances prior to the Games, but warned LGBT attendees to abide by the law. Anatoly Pakhomov, mayor of Sochi, explained to reporters prior to the Games that homosexuality "was not the custom in the Caucasus", and claimed that no gays lived in Sochi at all (despite the presence of two gay clubs and evidence of a LGBT community in Sochi on a Russian social network). He went on to say that everyone, including gays, were welcome in Sochi, "as long as they do not impose their habits on others."
Protests and campaigns.
Despite these assurances, Olympic-focused protests and campaigns, such as the Principle 6 campaign (a collaboration between a group of Olympic athletes, the organizations All Out, Athlete Ally, and clothing maker American Apparel), have been held in protest of Russia's anti-gay policies. There were also calls to boycott the Games, drawing comparisons to the Summer Olympics of 1980 in Moscow. However, a writer for the "Financial Times" felt that such a boycott would be counter-productive, given that there was no boycott of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing despite China's poor human rights record, but suggested that action by Olympic sponsors would be more effective.
A number of world leaders, including United States president Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, and French President François Hollande, declined to attend the Games' Opening Ceremony as delegates for various reasons. Although attending the Winter Olympics has not historically been a priority for world leaders, there was still speculation that their non-attendance was a symbolic boycott of Russian policies. The U.S. appointed tennis player Billie Jean King and women's hockey player Caitlin Cahow, who are both openly gay, as its delegation instead. Although Obama stressed diversity and made no reference to the controversy when announcing the delegation, on 6 February 2014, he confirmed the intent of the choices during an interview with Bob Costas aired by NBC the next day, stating that "there is no doubt we wanted to make it very clear that we do not abide by discrimination in anything, including discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation." Cahow stated that the decision was meant to " Americans who know what it means to have freedoms and liberties under the Constitution. That's really what we're representing in Sochi and it's not at all different from what's espoused in the spirit of Olympism."
In February 2014, prior to the games, a group of 40 human rights organizations (including Athlete Ally, Freedom House, Human Rights Campaign, Human Rights Watch and Russian LGBT network among others) sent a joint letter to the ten Worldwide Olympic Partner companies, urging them to use their prominence to support the rights of LGBT athletes under the Olympic Charter, and pressure the IOC to show greater scrutiny towards the human rights abuses of future host countries. On 3 February 2014, USOC sponsor AT&T issued a statement in support of LGBT rights at the Games, becoming the first major Olympic advertiser to condemn the laws. Several major non-sponsors also made pro-LGBT statements to coincide with the opening of the Games; Google placed a quotation from the Olympic Charter and an Olympic-themed logo in the colours of the rainbow flag on its home page worldwide, while Channel 4 (who serves as the official British broadcaster of the Paralympics) adopted a rainbow-coloured logo and broadcast a "celebratory", pro-LGBT advert entitled "Gay Mountain" on 7 February 2014, alongside an interview with former rugby union player and anti-homophobia activist Ben Cohen.
Critics noted that, ironically, the opening ceremony of the Games contained tributes to and appearances by notable Russians who were gay or support gay rights; the "Huffington Post" acknowledged tributes to "some of history's most widely acclaimed and definitely gay Russians", including composer Peter Tchaikovsky (1840–1893), Ukrainian-born Russian humorist, dramatist, and novelist Nikolai Gogol (1809–1852), filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein (1898–1948), ballet dancer Vaslav Nijinsky (1889–1950), and patron of arts, and founder of Ballets Russes, Sergei Diaghilev. Critics also noted the Russian pop duo t.A.T.u were invited to perform during the opening ceremony; although they are not actually lesbian, the all-female duo were well known for incorporating themes of lesbianism in their music and on-stage personas (live appearances often featured them kissing each other), its name is a corruption of a shortened Russian phrase meaning "this girl loves that girl", and they made a statement in support of LGBT rights in the wake of Yuri Luzhkov's objection to the 2007 Moscow Pride parade. Organizers noted that t.A.T.u were chosen because they were well known to an international audience.
Event judging.
Allegations of vote swapping.
French sports newspaper "L'Équipe", quoting an anonymous Russian coach, alleged that Russia and the United States would swap votes, with the United States voting for Russian athletes in pairs figure skating and team events and Russia voting for the Americans in ice dancing. The allegations were categorically denied by U.S. Figure Skating.
Men's ice hockey tournament.
In the men's ice hockey tournament, the controversial call to disallow the goal by Russia was made after the referees ruled that the net was moved when the goal was scored. Such decision made Russia unable to acquire the 3–2 lead in the last five minutes of the game, eventually leading to their loss in a shootout, which resulted in Russia playing a qualification playoff game while USA received an automatic bye to the quarterfinals. The controversy grew even larger when one of the referees at the match was revealed to be an American. The protesters led by Kremlin party's youth group held the demonstration in front of U.S. Embassy in Moscow to protest the decision. In response to the controversy, Konstantin Komissarov, the referee supervisor of International Ice Hockey Federation, officially confirmed that the decision by the referee was correct.
Ladies' singles figure skating.
In the ladies' singles event, Adelina Sotnikova (Russia) won the gold medal, while Kim Yuna (South Korea) was awarded the silver. The results sparked worldwide media debates on the outcome. Media reports on March 21, 2014 stated that the Korean Olympic Committee intends to file an official complaint to the International Skating Union on the composition of the judging panel.
Athlete selection controversies.
Several controversial choices of the athletes going to the Olympics to represent countries have occurred.
The participation of Lebanese alpine skier Jackie Chamoun became controversial in Lebanon after it was revealed at home in 2014 that she had posed in sexy photos for an Austrian calendar in 2011. A ministerial investigation has been mooted, while an online support protest "Strip for Jackie" has been organized. Chamoun has denied that she posed nude publicly on her Facebook page, saying that the behind the scenes images were not for publication.
In South Korea, a furore has erupted over the loss of Viktor Ahn (Ahn Hyun-Soo) to Team Russia. Several newspapers reported the scorn of the Korean public and newspaper editors on the actions of the Korea Skating Union. The minister of sport and president of South Korea have both promised action in rooting out corruption and feuding at the organization that may have led to his "defection", in a bid to clean it up in preparation for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea. The Korean public is generally supportive of Ahn.
Selection of Ashley Wagner over Mirai Nagasu by the United States Olympic Team for ladies' singles figure skating caused some controversy, as at the selection competition, Nagasu finished ahead of Wagner. Wagner was selected on the body of her work, instead of the strength of her selection performance. The unclear selection process, and the fact that the second place finisher Polina Edmunds had no international experience lead to some calls of racism, as the selection of Wagner over Nagasu was due to international results, while Edmunds' was not. This was the first time that the USFSA (United States Figure Skating Association) selected a skater who had competed in the selection trials and lost over another on who had also competed, previous times had done this only for skaters who had been injured and unable to compete at trials.
The use of "legioneri" by the Russian Olympic Team has caused both joy and controversy inside Russia. The foreign origin naturalized Russian Olympians have sparked some questioning about the state of native Russian athletes. While in other quarters, the fact that Russia is now attracting Olympic level competitors instead of only losing them to other countries is a sign of progress. Many of the adopted sportspeople have been warmly embraced by Russians.
Pegasus Airlines Flight 751.
On 7 February 2014, during the opening ceremony and one day after the start of the 2014 Winter Olympics, a man attempted to hijack Pegasus Airlines Flight 751 that was on a flight from Kharkiv, Ukraine, to Istanbul, Turkey, saying he had a bomb on-board, and demanding to be flown to Sochi, the host city of the 2014 Winter Olympics. The pilots turned off the inflight monitors and landed at Istanbul's Sabiha Gökçen Airport, fooling the man into thinking he was landing in Sochi. The plane, a Boeing 737-800, was escorted to Istanbul by two Turkish F-16 fighter jets. The man, who appeared to be severely intoxicated, was detained by police and taken to the Istanbul Security Headquarters.
Environment.
Despite several expert statements that the construction of Olympic venues in the buffer area of the UNESCO protected Caucasus Biosphere Reserve and Sochi National Park could be harmful, the IOC approved the plans. Greenpeace of Russia said that the IOC and the Russian Government assumed all responsibility for any damage to the West Caucasus natural UNESCO World Heritage Site. According to the Sochi bid, a wide array of construction was planned in the Grushevyi Ridge area. They included a cascade of hydroelectric power stations on the Mzymta River, sewage treatment facilities, a high-speed rail link, a Mountain Olympic Village, a track for bobsleigh, luge and skeleton (which was relocated in May 2009), and a biathlon venue. Alpine skiing venues were being constructed in the Rosa Khutor plateau and the Psekhako Ridge area. Environmentalists proposed building up Krasnaya Polyana instead of destroying nature reserve sites.
Environmentalists also opposed the plan of construction of a cargo terminal for ships in the mouth of the Psou River in the Imereti Lowland, because this could lead to the destruction of the largest areas of sea-flooded shore and marshes.
On 3 July 2008, Vladimir Putin directed some of the Olympic venues, such as the luge and bobsleigh track, to be relocated (the Russian National Sliding Centre was relocated in May 2009). He said "In setting our priorities and choosing between money and the environment, we're choosing the environment."
Geologist Sergei Volkov fled to Ukraine after speaking out about environmental and geological problems. He stated that mercury and uranium deposits, as well as the probability of landslides, made the location of the games hazardous. He also argued that the location of a cargo port was inappropriate. A storm there killed three seamen and destroyed $14 million of infrastructure.
On 29 October 2013 it was reported that Russia broke its 'Zero Waste' Olympic Pledge, as it emerged that Russia's state-owned rail monopoly was dumping tons of construction waste into an illegal landfill, raising concerns of possible contamination in the water that directly supplies Sochi.
Animal rights.
The issue of stray dogs has come up before the Olympics. On 3 February 2014, the city hired a firm to exterminate the stray population – an approach that has brought international condemnation. These plans have been abandoned after complaints by local citizens. The stray dogs will be collected from the streets and put in a shelter.
Russia originally planned to have two orca whales perform in the opening ceremonies of the Sochi 2014 Olympics. They were two or eight whales captured off the coast of Russia. After backlash by various advocacy groups and petitions signed by the general public, a statement was released that the whales would not be part of the Olympics. The current whereabouts of the whales are unknown.
It was rumored that the committee had planned to have a dolphin trained to carry the Olympic torch. Activists spoke up about the issue immediately, causing the President of the Olympics Committee, Dmitry Chernyshenko, to issue the statement that, “I confirm that we do not involve any orcas or dolphins for the Olympics.” Whether or not there had been any plans for a dolphin torchbearer has never been confirmed.
Economy.
According to "The New York Times" the $50 billion or so lavished on Sochi is becoming a political liability. The stalling of the economy, despite the stimulus of Olympic spending, has raised worries about popular unrest directed at the Kremlin and a tightening of political freedoms in response once the Games are over. "It is about what Russia could have done with this money." said Aleksei A. Navalny, the Foundation for the Fight Against Corruption.
According to IRN.Ru analytical agency, prices for land, located next to the shoreline, reach $150,000 per 100 m², while price per square metre in average panel apartment building on the outskirts of the city already reaches $2000. "As a result of 2014 Olympics euphoria prices will rise annually by 15–20%," speculates Irina Tyurina, press secretary of Russian Tourist Industry Union. This could lead to decrease in tourist interest to Sochi, which already has fallen below Anapa, Gelendzhik and Adler.
After the IOC Evaluation Commission visited Sochi in February 2007, local authorities promised to buy the lands from Lower Imereti Bay long-time residents for a fair market price. But during the following half a year, no local resident could get their land approved as private property.
While most Olympic Games have high cost overruns, for these Games they are much higher than usual. Much of the cost overruns have been blamed on corruption, with Boris Nemtsov claiming: "The Sochi Olympics are an unprecedented thieves' caper in which representatives of Putin's government are mixed up along with the oligarchs close to the government." According to research by Transparency International, a global anti-corruption watchdog, approximately 50 percent or more of the building costs went to corruption.
Poor workers conditions and rights have also been raised as an issue of concern, with at least 25 people dying and many more injured in accidents on sites in 2012 and with workers not getting paid at all.
Circassians.
Circassian organisations have also spoken out against the Olympics, arguing that the Games will take place on land that had been inhabited by them since the beginning of recorded history by their ancestors until 1864, when the resolution of the Russian–Circassian War was stated to have caused the disappearance (variously by death or deportation) of 1.5 million Circassians, or 90-94% of the Circassian nation. They are demanding the Sochi 2014 Olympics be cancelled or moved unless Russia apologises for what the Circassians regard to be a genocide. Some Circassian groups have not expressed outright opposition to the Olympics but argue that symbols of Circassian history and culture should be included in the format, as Australia, the United States, and Canada did with their indigenous populations in 2000, 2002, and 2010 respectively.
The games are viewed to be particularly offensive because they include the date of the 150th anniversary of what they consider a genocide. It has thus been a rallying cry for Circassian nationalists.
In particular, there is much ire over the use of a hill called "Red Hill". In 1864, a group of Circassians apparently tried to return home but were attacked and a battle ensued, ending in their massacre, and attaining the name "Red Hill" (for the blood spilled). There were skiing and snowboarding events planned to be held on this hill.
Political stability and governance.
The 2008 Russia–Georgia war, which broke out at the start of the 2008 Summer Olympics, surprised the Olympic community. "It is not what the world wants to see. It is contrary to what the Olympic ideal stands for", said an IOC spokesperson. However, in November 2008, the IOC turned down a request by the Georgian National Olympic Committee to reconsider its decision to hold the Olympics on the territory "adjacent both to the [Russian-]occupied Abkhaz conflict zone, and to the extremely unstable and volatile North Caucasus".
Related concerns persist, regarding the region's safety and the desirability of hosting an Olympics in a conflict-ridden zone. "The region is such a muddied and bloodied aquarium of conflict that to pick out any one fish is impossible," says Oleg Nechiporenko, chief analyst for Russia's National Anti-Terrorist and Anti-Criminal Fund, in response to a 26 May 2010, car bombing, whose suspects include Russian nationalists, local mafia groups, separatists and Islamists in the North Caucasus, or a remnant of the war in Abkhazia.
Sochi borders Russia's six autonomous North Caucasus republics, home of the Second Chechen War which allegedly face social problems. According to an article in Daily Telegraph, Prince Bandar bin Sultan, head of Saudi intelligence, allegedly confronted the Kremlin with a mix of inducements and threats in a bid to break the deadlock over Syria. This included security of winter olympics in Sochi if there is no accord. "I can give you a guarantee to protect the Winter Olympics next year. The Chechen groups that threaten the security of the games are controlled by us," he allegedly said.
Russian Envoy to the North Caucasus Alexander Khloponin told local law enforcement that "the violent scramble for assets" is likely to get worse as Russia invests heavily in tourist infrastructure and Olympic-caliber ski resorts.
Safety.
Three suicide bombings in Volgograd, one in October 2013 and the others in December 2013, have raised additional international concerns about security during the Olympics. The IOC expressed sympathy for the victims and underlined that they trusted that Russia's security arrangements for the Olympics would be adequate.
The British, German, Italian, Hungarian, Austrian, Slovenian and Slovakian Olympic associations received threats that athletes would be "blown up" or kidnapped by terrorists at the Winter Games. According to the IOC, the letters did not represent any real threat.
On 7 February 2014, during the opening ceremony, a Pegasus Airlines flight from Kharkiv, Ukraine, to Istanbul, Turkey, was threatened by a passenger who attempted to hijack the jetliner with a demand to be flown to Sochi. The man would be detained by police and taken into custody.
2014 Russian Formula One Grand Prix.
In 2014, Sochi will host the Russian Formula One Grand Prix. The planned circuit will run in and around the Sochi Olympic Park, which led to the IOC expressing concern that construction of the circuit could disrupt preparations for the Olympic Games. The IOC was granted the power to delay the inaugural race until 2015 in order to ensure the Olympics were held without disruption, but did not use it as competition started without disruption.
Countries choosing not to enter competitors.
A total of 91 nations qualified to compete at the Games. However, three nations chose not to send their athletes to the Games, even though they had met the international qualification standards.
Puerto Rico is not sending Kristina Krone for the second consecutive time because the Puerto Rico Olympic Committee (COPUR) withdrew its recognition of the Puerto Rico Winter Sports Federation after the 2002 Winter Olympics due to an eligibility controversy involving a member of their bobsled team. According to COPUR president Sara Rosario, "Until there is a properly constituted winter sports federation with the requisite seriousness upon which we can consistently rely every four years, we cannot endorse (participation by Puerto Rico athletes in the Olympic Winter Games)". Krone has represented Puerto Rico since 2008 in more than 100 alpine ski competitions sanctioned by the International Ski Federation including the 2009, 2011 and 2013 World Alpine Ski Championships.
South Africa would not enter skier Sive Speelman, who, although invited to compete by the IOC, did not meet the standards set by the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee.
Algeria also chose not to enter its only competitor, Mehdi-Selim Khelifi, because he was the only one that managed to qualify, even though he was their only entry four years prior at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Independent participants.
There are three Independent Olympic participants from India who are competing under the Olympics flag. In December 2012, the Indian Olympic Association was suspended by the IOC due to government interference in the autonomy and election of leaders, thus not complying with the Olympic charter. Fresh elections were due to take place after the opening ceremony so Indian athletes were scheduled to participate as independents.
Course adjustments.
A crash in practice from Norwegian slopestyle snowboarder Torstein Horgmo, who fractured his collarbone, and complaints from other athletes that some jumps were too steep have prompted organizers to modify the slopestyle course in the week before the Games. A few days later the women's downhill ski training was stopped after the opening three racers were getting too much air on the jump down the home stretch. The International Ski Federation had workers adjusting the course making it smoother.
Construction and preparation of visitor facilities.
Some of the accommodations for visitors and journalists were still not complete during the week before the opening day. Some attendees have reported minor problems such as the lack of shower curtains, that their rooms were still under construction, and the lack of furnishings. Some hotels were still under construction.
Use of mourning symbols.
During the women's 15 kilometre skiathlon four Norwegian skiers used black mourning binds in honor of teammate Astrid Uhrenholdt Jacobsen's brother who had died unexpectedly on the opening day of the Olympics. IOC sent a reminder to the Norwegian Olympic Committee (NOC) that using mourning binds was not allowed during the games. IOC's letter caused protests in Norway and Sweden. NOC general secretary Inge Andersen met with IOC president Thomas Bach to discuss the matter on 10 February 2014. Norway's IOC member Gerhard Heiberg indicated that IOC would reconsider the ban against mourning binds.
Freestyle skiers were told by IOC not to wear helmet stickers in memory of Sarah Burke who died in an accident in 2012. However, many still did, and the rule was believed to not have been enforced.
On 19 February Ukrainian athletes asked for and were refused permission by the IOC to wear black arm bands to honor those killed in the violent clashes in Kiev the previous day. According to IOC spokesman Mark Adams "They weren't forbidden to wear armbands. The Ukrainian NOC met with IOC officials informally yesterday. They discussed what should be done, and they reached the conclusion there were other ways of marking this moment. Some athletes have taken other views and other ways of doing things". IOC president Bach offered his condolences "to those who have lost loved ones in these tragic events".
Athlete boycott.
On 19 February 2014 Ukrainian alpine skier Bohdana Matsotska refused to further participate in the Olympics Games in protest of the violent clashes in Kiev on the previous day. She and her father posted a message on Facebook stating “In solidarity with the fighters on the barricades of the Maidan, and as a protest against the criminal actions made towards the protesters, the irresponsibility of the president and his lackey government, we refuse further performance at the Olympic Games in Sochi 2014".
On 20 February 2014 the Ukrainian NOC reported that as many as half of the 45 Ukrainian athletes at the Olympics had left the games to return home. But according to Ukrainian NOC president Sergey Bubka they had returned home in compliance with their original schedule, and their departure was thus not related to the riots in Kiev.
Drug tests.
During the 2014 Winter Olympics, six athletes tested positive for banned substances and were sent home from the Games.
On 21 February, skier Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle of Germany and Italian bobsleigh brakeman William Frullani were both sent home from Sochi after failing drugs tests. They both tested positive for methylhexanamine. On 22 February, Ukrainian cross-country skier Marina Lisogor was tested positive for trimetazidine and Latvian ice hockey player Vitalijs Pavlovs tested positive for methylhexaneamine. On 23 February, Austrian skier Johannes Dürr tested positive for EPO and Swedish ice hockey player Nicklas Bäckström tested positive for a substance found in an allergy medication.
Men's freestyle skiing – ski cross.
Both Canada and Slovenia appealed separately to the Court of Arbitration for Sport that the three French athletes in the Big Final of the men's ski cross final, had their pants illegally changed by their coach. They argued it gave the three an aerodynamic advantage over the rest of the field. Both countries first appealed to the International Ski Federation, but were rejected since they appealed hours after the end of the competition (when the deadline was 15 minutes after the close of the race). The appeal to the court was ultimately unsuccessful as well, because the court agreed with the ski federation that the appeal was filed past the deadline.
Russian Mafia used to threaten rival campaign allegations.
The Russian mafia helped Russia win the games by threatening the Salzburg campaign leader Fedor Radmann, who later resigned in 2007, according to German security officials. Informants observed a meeting between mafia leaders and Russian government foreign policy advisor Sergei Prikhodko in 2006 in a Munich restaurant to discuss the Olympic selection process. Radmann himself denies he ever met any Russian mobsters but his colleagues state that he feared for his life, and the mayor of Salzburg Heinz Schaden confirms the link.

</doc>
<doc id="36703535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703535" title="Surjit Singh Sethi">
Surjit Singh Sethi

Surjit Singh Sethi was a Punjabi playwright, novelist, short story writer, lyricist, film maker and theatre personality.
Biography.
Surjit Singh Sethi was born at Gujarkhan, Rawalpindi, Pakistan in 1928. He did his M.A. in English and submitted his thesis on Ibsenism (Dramatics) for Ph.D. He worked at All India Radio for some time as a producer. He was the founder of Speech, Drama and Music Department at Punjabi University which was later turned into the Theatre and Television Department. He groomed a number of students into stage, TV and film celebrities, and was influenced by modern trends of Western theatre. Sethi died in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36703543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703543" title="Savio Barnes">
Savio Barnes

Savio Barnes (Hindi:सवियो बार्न्स) is a popular Bollywood Dance choreographer, actor and dancer. He currently resides in Mumbai, Maharashtra. He came to fame after choreographing many dances for Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, a dance-competition. Currently Savio is judging the Marathi dance reality show Maharashtracha Dancing Superstar - Chhotte Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="36703552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703552" title="Tamás Nagy (footballer born 1987)">
Tamás Nagy (footballer born 1987)

Tamás Nagy (born 30 July 1987 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football (forward) player who currently plays for Vasas SC.

</doc>
<doc id="36703556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703556" title="Old City Cemetery (Columbus, Georgia)">
Old City Cemetery (Columbus, Georgia)

The Old City Cemetery on Linwood Boulevard in Columbus, Georgia dates from 1828, when the town of Columbus was founded. It has also been known as Linwood Cemetery. It is a work of Edward Lloyd Thomas. It includes Egyptian Revival, Gothic and other architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980; the listing included .

</doc>
<doc id="36703569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703569" title="Suteuphaa">
Suteuphaa

Suteuphaa was the second king of Ahom kingdom who ruled from 1268 CE to 1281 CE. Suteuphaa succeeded his father Sukaphaa, who laid the foundation of Ahom kingdom in Assam. His reign was characterized by the expansion of his father’s kingdom. He also had conflicts with the Shans or Naras of Mungkang, a Shan kingdom in Upper Burma.
Ancestry and accesion.
Suteuphaa was the eldest son of Ahom king Sukaphaa. After a reign of 39 years, Sukaphaa died in 1268 CE. The nobles installed Suteuphaa as the new king of Ahom kingdom. After his accession, Suteuphaa sent embassy to the ancestral homeland of Sukaphaa, informing its ruler Sukhranphaa, the brother of Sukaphaa, about the demise of Sukaphaa and his accession to the throne. Sukhranphaa sent gifts to Suteuphaa consisting of caps made of gold and silver and two specially designed bows, congratulating his coronation as the king of Ahom kingdom.
Reign.
Expansion of the kingdom.
Suteuphaa desired to expand his father’s kingdom. Therefore in order to fulfill his desire, he came in conflicts with the Kacharis residing in the neighbouring region. At that time, many parts of Upper Assam were inhabited by the Kacharis, though it was not known whether all the Kachari tribes were part of the same kingdom. He forced the Kacharis to abandon the country which lies to the east of Dikhou river. One of the Ahom Buranji or historical document describes the event in an interesting way. Suteuphaa claimed the tract east of Dikhou river as his own. The local Kachari inhabitants opposed his claim. Instead of resorting to warfare, both sides decided to solve this matter in a peaceful way. The Ahom challenged the Kacharis to build a canal from their settlement to Dikhou river within a duration of one night. If the Kacharis successfully complete the work within allotted time, the tract will be theirs otherwise it would come under Ahom rule. The Kacharis accepted the challenge. They worked on the construction of canal and were on the verge of completing it, when the Ahoms resorted to tricks. On Suteuphaa’s personal instruction, some Ahom soldiers were hiding in the forest near the construction site. Each soldiers had one rooster along with them. Seeing that the Kacharis were on the verge of completing the canal, the Ahom soldiers hiding in the forest, made the roosters to cock. Since it was full moon night, the Kacharis could not determine the actual time and they believed that they have lost the bet, since cocking of rooster signifies morning. The Kacharis abandoned the tract, and the Ahoms immediately occupied it.
Conflict with Mungkang.
It is related in one Buranji or Chronicle that there was a war between the Naras or Shans of Mungkang, and the king of Mantara or Burma. The Naras were defeated and they appealed for help from Suteuphaa, as the ruler of Mungkang and Suteuphaa’s father king Sukaphaa shares the same branch of Shan tribes. The rulers of Mungkang and the Ahom kings used to communicate each other as Bhai Raja or Brother King. In all ancient Ahom chronicles, the Naras or the Shans of Mungkang are regarded by the Ahoms as their close kinsmen. In reply to the appeal for help made by the ruler of Mungkang, Suteuphaa stated that if the Nara king of Mungkang agrees to give his daughter in marriage with Suteuphaa, then he would send a force for assistance of Mungkang. The Nara king declined to do so. A quarrel ensued and Suteuphaa sent an expedition against the Naras, but his troops suffered defeat and the Burhagohain, who commanded them, were defeated. The Borgohain was promptly dispatched with a second force, but, instead of fighting, he came to terms with the enemy. On his return he was disgraced and imprisoned. He was subsequently forgiven on the intercession of the other nobles. Some Ahom historians claimed that no conflict occurred between Ahoms and Naras, during the reign of Suteuphaa and the incident described above happened during the reign of Sukhaamphaa or Khora Raja.
Death and legacy.
Suteuphaa died in 1281 CE. Among his four sons, the eldest son Subinphaa succeeded him as the king of Ahom kingdom. Suteuphaa followed the policy of expansion of his father’s kingdom. The manner in which he outwit the Kacharis and conquered the country which lies east to the Dikhou river, reveals that he had inheritated his father, king Sukaphaa’s wits and intelligence. The policy of expansion of Ahom kingdom will be followed by the later Ahom rulers and almost the entire Brahmaputra valley would come under their rule.

</doc>
<doc id="36703572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703572" title="Top Model po-russki (cycle 4)">
Top Model po-russki (cycle 4)

Top Model po-russki, Cycle 4 is the fourth and last Cycle of the Russian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model. This cycle featured a completely revamped judging panel, along with other changes. Former host Kseniya Sobchak was replaced by supermodel Irina Shayk. The other members of the judging panel are J. Alexander, Tess Feuilhade, and Vincent McDoom. The prizes for this cycle's winner have not been revealed to the public.
The Show aired on television on September 16, 2012.
This is the first season of analogue "Top Model", which was filmed outside of Russia — in Paris, France.
The winner of the competition was 22 year-old Yulia Farhutdinova from Lensk.
Episode Summaries.
Episode 1.
Original Airdate: September 16, 2012
Episode 2.
Original Airdate: September 23, 2012
Episode 3.
Original Airdate: September 29, 2012
Episode 4.
Original Airdate: October 6, 2012
Episode 5.
Original Airdate: October 13, 2012
Episode 6.
Original Airdate: October 20, 2012
Episode 7.
Original Airdate: October 27, 2012
Episode 8.
Original Airdate: November 3, 2012
Episode 9.
Original Airdate: November 10, 2012
Episode 10.
Original Airdate: November 17, 2012
Episode 11.
Original Airdate: November 24, 2012
Episode 12.
Original Airdate: December 1, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="36703574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703574" title="Mahmoud Mekki">
Mahmoud Mekki

Mahmoud Mekki (; born 1954) is an Egyptian politician who served as the 17th Vice President of Egypt from August 2012 to December 2012. He was appointed by President Mohamed Morsi following the 2011 revolution and the 2012 presidential election on 12 August 2012. He was Egypt's first vice president from a civilian background rather than a military one. He resigned from his post on 22 December 2012.
Early life and education.
Mekki was born in Alexandria in 1954. After graduating from police college in Cairo he worked as a police officer in Central Security Forces. He then got a bachelor degree in law and worked in general prosecution (). A few years later, Mekki became a judge. Working his way up the judicial ladder, he was eventually appointed vice-president of the Court of Cassation (Arabic: محكمه النقض)., which represents the final stage of criminal appeal in Egypt. 
He is younger brother of Ahmed Mekki, the former minister of justice in the Qandil Cabinet.
Career.
Since the mid-1980s, Mekki, along with a large number of Egypt's judges, were engaged in advocating judicial independence, an idea which was brought to light at the time by Yehia Rifai, Chairman of the Egyptian Judges' Club at the time. Brothers Ahmed and Mahmoud Mekki alongside Hossam Ghariani and others were demanding separation of the executive authority over courts and the transfer of judicial inspection to the Supreme judicial Council.
Mekki headed the follow-up elections in the Judges' Club, and coordinator of the movement of the independent judges. In 2006, he led demonstrations for independence of the judiciary from the executive. Mekki also demanded the amendment of article 76 of the Egyptian constitution to allow multiple presidential candidates to run for elections. In 1992, Mekki headed a strike by judges to request the release of two judges who they claimed had been unfairly detained.
In 2005, Mekki was arrested and tried. During the trial of Mekki in 2005, the Muslim Brotherhood showed intense solidarity with him during the trial. Salim Al-Awa and a large number of lawyers pleaded with him. In 2006, he was cleared of the charge.
Mekki had a popular position in 2006 when he surprised the judges and the broad masses huddled in front of the High Court after the end of the first session of the disciplinary trial for Mekki and ran quickly towards Major General Ismail Shaer, director of Cairo security. He held him by his hands and said to him "Do you know Omar?", Shaer replied "Yes, he is my late son," Mekki replied "If you really remember him, then pray from him and stop police brutality against youth demonstrators since they are all the same age of your late son." People who saw the incident said that Shaer nearly cried while he listened to these words.
In 2010, he moved to Kuwait, and was appointed vice-president of Kuwait's Court of Cassation. He returned to Egypt in August 2012 upon the proposal by President Morsi to be his deputy. On 22 December 2012, Mekki resigned from his post, stating that "I have realized a while ago that the nature of politics does not suit my professional background as a judge." The post of vice presidency of Egypt was also abolished after the constitutional referendum in December 2012. After his resignation Mekki assumed the role of the chairman of a national dialogue forum to consolidate political forces with the Qandil cabinet.
President Morsi appointed Mekki as Egypt's Ambassador to the Vatican City on 17 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36703585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703585" title="Zhang Jian (sport shooter)">
Zhang Jian (sport shooter)

Zhang Jian (born 1985) is a Chinese sport shooter. He was born in Anda, Heilongjiang. He competed in 25 metre rapid fire pistol at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he placed fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="36703594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703594" title="Center For Stem Cell Science, Hyderabad">
Center For Stem Cell Science, Hyderabad

The Center For Stem Cell Science, Hyderabad is an Indian, stem cell research center, located in Hyderabad, India. The center uses adult stem cells to conduct translational research for ailments relating to liver, pancreas, heart, kidney, bone and cartilage disorders. 
The institute was formerly known as Centre for Liver Research and Diagnostics. The Institute started its operations in the Deccan College of Medical Sciences. The institute has been recognized for Doctor of Philosophy programme by the Osmania University and Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University.

</doc>
<doc id="36703598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703598" title="Berryhill Public Schools">
Berryhill Public Schools

The Berryhill Public Schools is a public school district in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, USA, based in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Schools.
The Berryhill Public Schools has an early childhood center, two elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school

</doc>
<doc id="36703599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36703599" title="Alexander Gurov">
Alexander Gurov

Alexander Gurov may refer to:

</doc>
